There is no framework or structure of thought with respect to which we can organize it and no part of reality , as we know and apprehend it , with respect to which we can refer this experience .
there is no [structure] or structure of thought with respect to which we can organize it and no part of reality , as we know and apprehend it , with respect to which we can refer this experience .

The wall panels are constructed of a framework of standard Af and Af of a good grade , free from structural faults .
the wall panels are constructed of a [structure] of standard af and af of a good grade , free from structural faults .

We will recall that the still confident liberals of the Truman administration gathered with other Western utopians in San Francisco to set up the legal framework , finally and at last , to rationalize war -- to rationalize want and fear -- out of the world : the United Nations .
we will recall that the still confident liberals of the truman administration gathered with other western utopians in san francisco to set up the legal [structure] , finally and at last , to rationalize war -- to rationalize want and fear -- out of the world : the united nations .

In America , Meyer Schapiro observed that , unlike the Mondrian school , Helion `` sought a return path to the fullness of nature within the framework of abstract art '' .
in america , meyer schapiro observed that , unlike the mondrian school , helion `` sought a return path to the fullness of nature within the [structure] of abstract art '' .

Calculations within the Copernican framework always raised questions about planetary configurations .
calculations within the copernican [structure] always raised questions about planetary configurations .

On the basis that all citizens of the state are entitled to benefit equally in the development of its resources , plans for the provision of essential services ( such as water ) will be based on need regardless of arbitrary political boundaries , within the framework of the state plan .
on the basis that all citizens of the state are entitled to benefit equally in the development of its resources , plans for the provision of essential services ( such as water ) will be based on need regardless of arbitrary political boundaries , within the [structure] of the state plan .

Only within the framework of a mature relationship characterized by honest appraisals of performance can we provide telling assistance .
only within the [structure] of a mature relationship characterized by honest appraisals of performance can we provide telling assistance .

He did build a framework of academic `` respectability '' , and one which did not encroach upon the `` sacred sovereignty '' of any other existing campus course .
he did build a [structure] of academic `` respectability '' , and one which did not encroach upon the `` sacred sovereignty '' of any other existing campus course .

But within that framework he allowed for as much flexibility as possible .
but within that [structure] he allowed for as much flexibility as possible .

Like primitive numbers in mathematics , the entire axiological framework is taken to rest upon its operational worth .
like primitive numbers in mathematics , the entire axiological [structure] is taken to rest upon its operational worth .

Within this framework , what followed was strained , even macabre .
within this [structure] , what followed was strained , even macabre .

framework ?
[structure] ?

So you could take the framework off the front
so you could take the [structure] off the front

‘ Within that secure framework for a free press , Parliament can settle without conflict such issues as intrusions of privacy and the definition of the public interest , and self-regulation can maintain the proper day-to-day relationship between the press and society . ’
‘ within that secure [structure] for a free press , parliament can settle without conflict such issues as intrusions of privacy and the definition of the public interest , and self-regulation can maintain the proper day-to-day relationship between the press and society . ’

One of the stated goals of the Government 's review is to establish a framework which assists wealth creation — an objective which , it was said , would find no detractors among the scientific community .
one of the stated goals of the government 's review is to establish a [structure] which assists wealth creation — an objective which , it was said , would find no detractors among the scientific community .

But she added that legislation offered a better chance of producing an acceptable framework than other suggested options .
but she added that legislation offered a better chance of producing an acceptable [structure] than other suggested options .

Bruce Armitage , Grampian Enterprise 's director of training , stressed that the £100,000 grant had been designed to set up a framework in which other agencies could work .
bruce armitage , grampian enterprise 's director of training , stressed that the £100,000 grant had been designed to set up a [structure] in which other agencies could work .

As a result , abattoir owners are beginning to speculate that the operating framework of the beef sector could swing overwhelmingly towards exports — as it is already doing with lamb .
as a result , abattoir owners are beginning to speculate that the operating [structure] of the beef sector could swing overwhelmingly towards exports — as it is already doing with lamb .

‘ Part of the framework on which both Government and Opposition base their economic and European policies was swept away .
‘ part of the [structure] on which both government and opposition base their economic and european policies was swept away .

The decision depends on the introduction of a framework allowing owners to have their horses sponsored , and the payment of appearance money .
the decision depends on the introduction of a [structure] allowing owners to have their horses sponsored , and the payment of appearance money .

The videos illustrate a framework for consultation and show how self-evaluation can be carried out at schools and the benefits that can be achieved .
the videos illustrate a [structure] for consultation and show how self-evaluation can be carried out at schools and the benefits that can be achieved .

British Coal has warned that a radical shift in the market framework would be required to safeguard the future of the industry without the cuts proposed last September .
british coal has warned that a radical shift in the market [structure] would be required to safeguard the future of the industry without the cuts proposed last september .

Even those who are more relaxed about the prospect of a two-speed Europe , with a central core of countries , led by France and Germany and the Benelux states , going ahead to create the framework ( while the outer periphery enjoys the freedom to make and break its own exchange-rate and interest-rate policy ) , recognise that once the core has started to attract countries away from the periphery , the survivors face increasing isolation .
even those who are more relaxed about the prospect of a two-speed europe , with a central core of countries , led by france and germany and the benelux states , going ahead to create the [structure] ( while the outer periphery enjoys the freedom to make and break its own exchange-rate and interest-rate policy ) , recognise that once the core has started to attract countries away from the periphery , the survivors face increasing isolation .

Firstly , my children and older grandchildren want copies and , secondly , the writings may be not only entertaining but useful as a framework of speeches for others at a loss for what to say .
firstly , my children and older grandchildren want copies and , secondly , the writings may be not only entertaining but useful as a [structure] of speeches for others at a loss for what to say .

Peter Donald , the Scottish League secretary , said there had to be grounds for optimism that a solution within the governing body 's framework was now attainable .
peter donald , the scottish league secretary , said there had to be grounds for optimism that a solution within the governing body 's [structure] was now attainable .

The letter ( 16 February ) on behalf of the Mental Welfare Commission for Scotland gives a reasoned and balanced account of the present legal framework .
the letter ( 16 february ) on behalf of the mental welfare commission for scotland gives a reasoned and balanced account of the present legal [structure] .

Despite the fact that current legislation does make some attempt to provide a legal framework governing the treatment of the mentally ill , its central focus remains that of detention .
despite the fact that current legislation does make some attempt to provide a legal [structure] governing the treatment of the mentally ill , its central focus remains that of detention .

Is it not time to look afresh at the foundations of our laws in relation to mental illness with a view to making the central focus that of providing a framework whereby those whose judgment is so impaired by their illness that they are unable to recognise the need for treatment will receive such treatment in as humane , sensitive and effective a way as possible .
is it not time to look afresh at the foundations of our laws in relation to mental illness with a view to making the central focus that of providing a [structure] whereby those whose judgment is so impaired by their illness that they are unable to recognise the need for treatment will receive such treatment in as humane , sensitive and effective a way as possible .

‘ This , in my opinion , is essential to provide the framework within which any manager can lead this great club .
‘ this , in my opinion , is essential to provide the [structure] within which any manager can lead this great club .

We assume that the writer has used the basic historical framework for her story — Wroe 's demand that his flock should provide his household with seven virgins ( female , although this was not specified ) for his ‘ comfort and succour ’ : and that not terribly long afterwards , he was put on trial by his church for alleged naughtiness with two of them .
we assume that the writer has used the basic historical [structure] for her story — wroe 's demand that his flock should provide his household with seven virgins ( female , although this was not specified ) for his ‘ comfort and succour ’ : and that not terribly long afterwards , he was put on trial by his church for alleged naughtiness with two of them .

The same is true of the wall panels where the ordered rationality of certain designs ( such as the Inverewe Garden Restaurant which balances firm and loose edges ) give a framework for flights of fancy lie the evocatively rendered ‘ Electronic Cottage ’ in Shetland .
the same is true of the wall panels where the ordered rationality of certain designs ( such as the inverewe garden restaurant which balances firm and loose edges ) give a [structure] for flights of fancy lie the evocatively rendered ‘ electronic cottage ’ in shetland .

It provides a framework for modelling and understanding of the behaviour of complex social and business organisation and is being used widely for systematic problem-solving , organisational learning and business re-engineering in a variety of fields .
it provides a [structure] for modelling and understanding of the behaviour of complex social and business organisation and is being used widely for systematic problem-solving , organisational learning and business re-engineering in a variety of fields .

Skilled personnel are sometimes seconded from the West but there is a danger of imposing a Western framework that is totally unsuitable for societies where agriculture rather than industry is the mainstay of the community .
skilled personnel are sometimes seconded from the west but there is a danger of imposing a western [structure] that is totally unsuitable for societies where agriculture rather than industry is the mainstay of the community .

For example , the three aspects of source , reliability and consistency of data discussed in Chapter 6 may provide a useful framework .
for example , the three aspects of source , reliability and consistency of data discussed in chapter 6 may provide a useful [structure] .

Any regulatory framework must be judged against the effect it has on the cost of financial intermediation and the allocative efficiency of the financial system .
any regulatory [structure] must be judged against the effect it has on the cost of financial intermediation and the allocative efficiency of the financial system .

The framework for investor protection is shown in Figure 12.3 , and outlines the channels of authority .
the [structure] for investor protection is shown in figure 12.3 , and outlines the channels of authority .

Figure 12.4 shows the links between supervisors and institutions , and emphasises the complexity of the regulatory framework .
figure 12.4 shows the links between supervisors and institutions , and emphasises the complexity of the regulatory [structure] .

Figure 12.3 Investor Protection Framework
figure 12.3 investor protection [structure]

Figure 12.4 Regulatory Framework ( Simplified )
figure 12.4 regulatory [structure] ( simplified )

The complexity of the regulatory framework and the issue of overlapping responsibility is shown in various frauds .
the complexity of the regulatory [structure] and the issue of overlapping responsibility is shown in various frauds .

One of the main criticisms of the recommendations of the Gower Report is largely one of methodology , in that no formal ( or even informal ) approach was taken to attempt to find out how much the self-regulatory framework proposal would cost .
one of the main criticisms of the recommendations of the gower report is largely one of methodology , in that no formal ( or even informal ) approach was taken to attempt to find out how much the self-regulatory [structure] proposal would cost .

Secondly , that the framework of current investor protection is adequate but that the self-regulatory organisations are not sufficiently funded and hence lack the resources to fully police the financial system .
secondly , that the [structure] of current investor protection is adequate but that the self-regulatory organisations are not sufficiently funded and hence lack the resources to fully police the financial system .

The combination of a new regulatory system and increased competition ought to lead to an increase in efficiency in the provision of financial services , although this still ignores the cost of the overall regulatory framework .
the combination of a new regulatory system and increased competition ought to lead to an increase in efficiency in the provision of financial services , although this still ignores the cost of the overall regulatory [structure] .

But the principal aim of the study is to help develop at least a framework of analysis , in a seriously neglected area of research : the nature and logic of industrial relations in state enterprises .
but the principal aim of the study is to help develop at least a [structure] of analysis , in a seriously neglected area of research : the nature and logic of industrial relations in state enterprises .

Leaving aside the question of whether these descriptions may be generalized beyond the British context , a problem with the approach is that writers have tended to concentrate on the ‘ outward and visible signs ’ , the more manifest differences in collective bargaining structure , unionization , pay determination , conflict and so on , without providing a more general framework within which these phenomena may be seen .
leaving aside the question of whether these descriptions may be generalized beyond the british context , a problem with the approach is that writers have tended to concentrate on the ‘ outward and visible signs ’ , the more manifest differences in collective bargaining structure , unionization , pay determination , conflict and so on , without providing a more general [structure] within which these phenomena may be seen .

The first part of the book therefore establishes a framework of analysis for the detailed case studies of British and Spanish railways in chapters 4–9 .
the first part of the book therefore establishes a [structure] of analysis for the detailed case studies of british and spanish railways in chapters 4–9 .

The task of the next two chapters is to provide a framework and some analytical tools for exploring public enterprise industrial relations .
the task of the next two chapters is to provide a [structure] and some analytical tools for exploring public enterprise industrial relations .

Strikes were made legal , and a new framework of industrial relations was established .
strikes were made legal , and a new [structure] of industrial relations was established .

In the case of private industry there is a single , clear and unchanging primary objective , and management is free to optimise its behaviour in pursuit of that objective within a general framework of conditions imposed by law , practice , and opinion , which it hopes and expects will also be reasonably stable .
in the case of private industry there is a single , clear and unchanging primary objective , and management is free to optimise its behaviour in pursuit of that objective within a general [structure] of conditions imposed by law , practice , and opinion , which it hopes and expects will also be reasonably stable .

The response of governments to such problems has been to redefine the relationship between control and autonomy by providing a more formal framework for enterprises to operate in .
the response of governments to such problems has been to redefine the relationship between control and autonomy by providing a more formal [structure] for enterprises to operate in .

Conclusions : Some Elements of a Framework of Comparative Analysis for Industrial Relations in State Enterprises
conclusions : some elements of a [structure] of comparative analysis for industrial relations in state enterprises

These arguments together with those of chapter 2 on the role of the state provide a framework for understanding the consequences for industrial relations of the current economic crisis in the advanced capitalist countries , and suggest some dimensions of variation that may account for differences between different national systems .
these arguments together with those of chapter 2 on the role of the state provide a [structure] for understanding the consequences for industrial relations of the current economic crisis in the advanced capitalist countries , and suggest some dimensions of variation that may account for differences between different national systems .

This chapter applies the framework of chapter 3 to the specific case of the railways .
this chapter applies the [structure] of chapter 3 to the specific case of the railways .

Both governments also attempted to control the financial demands of the railways by strengthening the framework of financial targets and constraints .
both governments also attempted to control the financial demands of the railways by strengthening the [structure] of financial targets and constraints .

Managerial autonomy has been fostered by the growth of public sector commercialism based on the principle of allowing managements to operate freely within the framework of targets set for them by the state , and on the promotion of an ‘ entrepreneurial ’ approach to the management of the railways .
managerial autonomy has been fostered by the growth of public sector commercialism based on the principle of allowing managements to operate freely within the [structure] of targets set for them by the state , and on the promotion of an ‘ entrepreneurial ’ approach to the management of the railways .

The first , linked to the fiscal crisis of the state , is the growing effort of governments to control the railways ' demands on the public exchequer by encouraging more commercial behaviour and imposing a framework of financial targets and constraints .
the first , linked to the fiscal crisis of the state , is the growing effort of governments to control the railways ' demands on the public exchequer by encouraging more commercial behaviour and imposing a [structure] of financial targets and constraints .

The relative tardiness of the political response to the railway question in Spain meant that the formal framework of relationships was less developed than in Britain and thus the general problem of unclear objectives was more severe .
the relative tardiness of the political response to the railway question in spain meant that the formal [structure] of relationships was less developed than in britain and thus the general problem of unclear objectives was more severe .

It is important to consider the institutional framework regulating relationships between employer and unions , since this will influence the way in which external political pressures for change are carried into the corporation .
it is important to consider the institutional [structure] regulating relationships between employer and unions , since this will influence the way in which external political pressures for change are carried into the corporation .

The current machinery broadly follows the framework of collective bargaining laid down in the 1980 Workers ' Statute .
the current machinery broadly follows the [structure] of collective bargaining laid down in the 1980 workers ' statute .

There are nevertheless significant differences in the patterns of industrial action in the two companies , reflecting differences in the legal framework in Britain and Spain , and in the political context in which the two railways have operated .
there are nevertheless significant differences in the patterns of industrial action in the two companies , reflecting differences in the legal [structure] in britain and spain , and in the political context in which the two railways have operated .

Its central feature was acceptance of the so-called mixed economy — that is , a capitalist framework within which state enterprise was tolerated and the government held responsible for managing the economy .
its central feature was acceptance of the so-called mixed economy — that is , a capitalist [structure] within which state enterprise was tolerated and the government held responsible for managing the economy .

He also predicted that ‘ any government which tampered with the basic framework of the full-employment welfare state would meet with a sharp reversal at the polls ’ ( p. 61 ) .
he also predicted that ‘ any government which tampered with the basic [structure] of the full-employment welfare state would meet with a sharp reversal at the polls ’ ( p. 61 ) .

Various attempts to patch up the system failed , and the final crisis phase of the boom ( chapter 13 ) saw enormous financial turbulence and the abandonment of the Bretton Woods framework .
various attempts to patch up the system failed , and the final crisis phase of the boom ( chapter 13 ) saw enormous financial turbulence and the abandonment of the bretton woods [structure] .

Mick was drilling , he put the framework round to drill up against
mick was drilling , he put the [structure] round to drill up against

They wanted a show with a contemporary feel , but the framework , the guest list and the style were down to Tom and his management team .
they wanted a show with a contemporary feel , but the [structure] , the guest list and the style were down to tom and his management team .

Individual farmers prefer to have a framework to operate within when it comes to pay negotiations .
individual farmers prefer to have a [structure] to operate within when it comes to pay negotiations .

There were very few firm commitments , the language is very much that of exploring , attempting , trying , hoping , when what we were looking for was a clear legislative framework .
there were very few firm commitments , the language is very much that of exploring , attempting , trying , hoping , when what we were looking for was a clear legislative [structure] .

The houses were spacious and grand ; their lower storeys were built of solid timber , the projecting gables above were a framework of black beams and white plaster .
the houses were spacious and grand ; their lower storeys were built of solid timber , the projecting gables above were a [structure] of black beams and white plaster .

How would the two-phoneme analysis affect the syllable-structure framework that was introduced in Chapter 8 ?
how would the two-phoneme analysis affect the syllable-structure [structure] that was introduced in chapter 8 ?

However comprehensive one 's descriptive framework may be ( and the one given in this course is very limited ) , there will inevitably be cases which do not fit within it .
however comprehensive one 's descriptive [structure] may be ( and the one given in this course is very limited ) , there will inevitably be cases which do not fit within it .

Each of these prosodic components needs a proper framework for categorisation , and this is an interesting area of current research .
each of these prosodic components needs a proper [structure] for categorisation , and this is an interesting area of current research .

Once one has recognised the importance of features other than pitch , it is necessary to devise a framework for categorising these features .
once one has recognised the importance of features other than pitch , it is necessary to devise a [structure] for categorising these features .

It can not , of course , cover the full legal and statutory framework in 200 pages , especially since it includes a section on the structure of the industry , an analysis of the workforce and also a section on organisation patterns , together with a chapter on ‘ Managing Communication ’ which includes homilies on ‘ listening ’ , ‘ writing skills ’ , and ( inevitably ) ‘ motivation ’ and ‘ leadership ’ .
it can not , of course , cover the full legal and statutory [structure] in 200 pages , especially since it includes a section on the structure of the industry , an analysis of the workforce and also a section on organisation patterns , together with a chapter on ‘ managing communication ’ which includes homilies on ‘ listening ’ , ‘ writing skills ’ , and ( inevitably ) ‘ motivation ’ and ‘ leadership ’ .

Nevertheless , the way in which modern economists view macroeconomic problems owes much to the Keynesian framework .
nevertheless , the way in which modern economists view macroeconomic problems owes much to the keynesian [structure] .

‘ We will not develop the business where there is no emphasis on quality , and we intend to continue in that framework .
‘ we will not develop the business where there is no emphasis on quality , and we intend to continue in that [structure] .

Repair some of the er the framework .
repair some of the er the [structure] .

Throughout your career you have veered away from the blues into other areas . Are there any areas that you still want to explore , outside the blues framework ?
throughout your career you have veered away from the blues into other areas . are there any areas that you still want to explore , outside the blues [structure] ?

Capitalism , being patriarchal , socially constructs sexuality within a heterosexual framework ( the inter-relationship between capitalism , patriarchy and heterosexuality is outside the scope of this chapter , unfortunately , but is overdue for socialist analysis ) .
capitalism , being patriarchal , socially constructs sexuality within a heterosexual [structure] ( the inter-relationship between capitalism , patriarchy and heterosexuality is outside the scope of this chapter , unfortunately , but is overdue for socialist analysis ) .

Before going on to discuss the reforms known as Project 2000 , it might be valuable to describe the recently introduced statutory framework for nursing , midwifery and health visiting as a background to the report .
before going on to discuss the reforms known as project 2000 , it might be valuable to describe the recently introduced statutory [structure] for nursing , midwifery and health visiting as a background to the report .

The current statutory framework for nursing , midwifery and health visiting
the current statutory [structure] for nursing , midwifery and health visiting

Once we have discussed some of the different ways of thinking about law which are raised by the contributions in this section , we will try to place these within a wider framework and so work towards an assessment of the potential role of law and lawyers within the peace movement .
once we have discussed some of the different ways of thinking about law which are raised by the contributions in this section , we will try to place these within a wider [structure] and so work towards an assessment of the potential role of law and lawyers within the peace movement .

This brings us inevitably to international law : the rules which make agreements between states binding ; the rules which seek to limit from the outside the kinds of actions which states may take in relation to each other and provide a framework within which they may negotiate .
this brings us inevitably to international law : the rules which make agreements between states binding ; the rules which seek to limit from the outside the kinds of actions which states may take in relation to each other and provide a [structure] within which they may negotiate .

Such a system might have much more to offer in the way of conflict-resolution than the present system of customary principles as a loose framework within which states enter into negotiations .
such a system might have much more to offer in the way of conflict-resolution than the present system of customary principles as a loose [structure] within which states enter into negotiations .

The role which it envisages for the state is limited to that of providing the minimum framework necessary for the regulation of competing private interests , while the gesellschaft model of law is conceived in terms of formally defining the equivalent individual rights that are required to make the market work .
the role which it envisages for the state is limited to that of providing the minimum [structure] necessary for the regulation of competing private interests , while the gesellschaft model of law is conceived in terms of formally defining the equivalent individual rights that are required to make the market work .

Nevertheless it does seem undesirable that our present institutional framework should be beyond the scope of effective challenge by either political or legal means .
nevertheless it does seem undesirable that our present institutional [structure] should be beyond the scope of effective challenge by either political or legal means .

In fact , however , Dworkin 's rather rigid division of labour , and the inflexible institutional framework in which it operates appears ill-equipped to ensure that the best or fairest policy decisions are reached , particularly during a time of rapid political economic and social change .
in fact , however , dworkin 's rather rigid division of labour , and the inflexible institutional [structure] in which it operates appears ill-equipped to ensure that the best or fairest policy decisions are reached , particularly during a time of rapid political economic and social change .

The heart of the problem appears to be that this institutional framework is itself founded on a conventional gesellschaft- type representative model .
the heart of the problem appears to be that this institutional [structure] is itself founded on a conventional gesellschaft- type representative model .

The objective here is to examine the seven most common categories of doubt and to develop a framework in which we can understand and analyse all our specific doubts .
the objective here is to examine the seven most common categories of doubt and to develop a [structure] in which we can understand and analyse all our specific doubts .

The premises provide the framework of thought and so satisfy creative reason ; the evidences provide the facts within the framework and so satisfy critical reason .
the premises provide the [structure] of thought and so satisfy creative reason ; the evidences provide the facts within the [structure] and so satisfy critical reason .

Caught with neither a foundation , nor a thought-through framework for their faith , they find university-level questions puncturing their Sunday-school-level faith .
caught with neither a foundation , nor a thought-through [structure] for their faith , they find university-level questions puncturing their sunday-school-level faith .

Much more common is for the Act to set out the main framework of the legislation , dealing itself with the more important and general matters , but leaving much to be done later by others , particularly the Minister in charge of the sponsoring department .
much more common is for the act to set out the main [structure] of the legislation , dealing itself with the more important and general matters , but leaving much to be done later by others , particularly the minister in charge of the sponsoring department .

Spur pruning is where there is no annual replacement of the main branch , thus good thick wood is formed providing a solid framework and a stable yield .
spur pruning is where there is no annual replacement of the main branch , thus good thick wood is formed providing a solid [structure] and a stable yield .

This sketch is concerned only with the framework of the solid objects , no attempt is made to suggest blocks of light and shade as this would inhibit the application of paint to these pre-defined areas , denying the paint its freedom to run , bleed and react with the previously described qualities of the paper .
this sketch is concerned only with the [structure] of the solid objects , no attempt is made to suggest blocks of light and shade as this would inhibit the application of paint to these pre-defined areas , denying the paint its freedom to run , bleed and react with the previously described qualities of the paper .

The normal human skeleton consists of 206 bones , providing a mobile supporting framework for the body and a protective carapace for the vital organs .
the normal human skeleton consists of 206 bones , providing a mobile supporting [structure] for the body and a protective carapace for the vital organs .

Non-essential traffic would be diverted to ‘ district ’ and ‘ primary distributors ’ ( Figure 3.1 ) The ‘ environmental area ’ concept was seen as applicable throughout the city , producing an interlacing framework of distributing roads embracing cells of quieter activity .
non-essential traffic would be diverted to ‘ district ’ and ‘ primary distributors ’ ( figure 3.1 ) the ‘ environmental area ’ concept was seen as applicable throughout the city , producing an interlacing [structure] of distributing roads embracing cells of quieter activity .

However , it is obviously preferable to avoid conflict in the first place by integrating traffic with the urban framework .
however , it is obviously preferable to avoid conflict in the first place by integrating traffic with the urban [structure] .

All that remained was the unpainted framework between the centre of the painting and its decorated edge .
all that remained was the unpainted [structure] between the centre of the painting and its decorated edge .

The Secretaries of State will therefore seek to establish a broad agreement with their partners in the educational service on a framework for the curriculum , and in particular on whether , because there are aims common to all schools and to all pupils at certain stages , there should be a ‘ core ’ or ‘ protected ’ part .
the secretaries of state will therefore seek to establish a broad agreement with their partners in the educational service on a [structure] for the curriculum , and in particular on whether , because there are aims common to all schools and to all pupils at certain stages , there should be a ‘ core ’ or ‘ protected ’ part .

The National Curriculum Framework
the national curriculum [structure]

Having reasserted the need for a national framework and having listed a set of general educational aims , the ministers set out ‘ the approach to the curriculum which they consider should now be followed in the years ahead ’ .
having reasserted the need for a national [structure] and having listed a set of general educational aims , the ministers set out ‘ the approach to the curriculum which they consider should now be followed in the years ahead ’ .

While The School Curriculum might have been seen as the government 's definitive statement on the structure of the national curriculum framework , it was superseded in September 1984 by The Organization and Content of the 5–16 Curriculum , although the wording of the latest document conveyed the impression that the final nature and scope of the national framework has not yet been determined . The structure of the curriculum proposed for the primary phase is similar to that set out in earlier documentation but includes the following additional components :
while the school curriculum might have been seen as the government 's definitive statement on the structure of the national curriculum [structure] , it was superseded in september 1984 by the organization and content of the 5–16 curriculum , although the wording of the latest document conveyed the impression that the final nature and scope of the national [structure] has not yet been determined . the structure of the curriculum proposed for the primary phase is similar to that set out in earlier documentation but includes the following additional components :

’ At the same time , there is evidence that the government 's interest in the school curriculum was not limited to the institution of a national framework .
’ at the same time , there is evidence that the government 's interest in the school curriculum was not limited to the institution of a national [structure] .

The proposed national curriculum contained many familiar ingredients : However , the paper went well beyond the delineation of a framework : it proposed the establishment in each subject area of ‘ attainment targets ’ for pupils at age 7 , 11 , 14 and 16 , as well as ‘ programmes of study ’ setting out ‘ the overall content , knowledge , skills and processes relevant to today 's needs which pupils should be taught ’ .
the proposed national curriculum contained many familiar ingredients : however , the paper went well beyond the delineation of a [structure] : it proposed the establishment in each subject area of ‘ attainment targets ’ for pupils at age 7 , 11 , 14 and 16 , as well as ‘ programmes of study ’ setting out ‘ the overall content , knowledge , skills and processes relevant to today 's needs which pupils should be taught ’ .

While the consultation paper claims that ‘ the legislation should leave full scope for professional judgement ’ and while it insists that the law will provide a framework , ‘ not a straitjacket ’ , there are many who will see the legislation as the culmination of a strategy to whip teachers into line .
while the consultation paper claims that ‘ the legislation should leave full scope for professional judgement ’ and while it insists that the law will provide a [structure] , ‘ not a straitjacket ’ , there are many who will see the legislation as the culmination of a strategy to whip teachers into line .

All schools are asked to adopt the curriculum framework provided by the eight modes of study provided by the Munn Committee .
all schools are asked to adopt the curriculum [structure] provided by the eight modes of study provided by the munn committee .

Within that framework schools and education authorities are in the best position to judge the particular form which the curriculum should take in the light of each school 's individual circumstances and the needs of its pupils .
within that [structure] schools and education authorities are in the best position to judge the particular form which the curriculum should take in the light of each school 's individual circumstances and the needs of its pupils .

Thus , a national curriculum framework was introduced without recourse to legislation : the Secretary of State merely exercised a traditional entitlement to influence .
thus , a national curriculum [structure] was introduced without recourse to legislation : the secretary of state merely exercised a traditional entitlement to influence .

Without probing too deeply into the reasons for the emergence of that national consensus — and the cogency of the Munn report 's argument and the compactness of Scotland as an educational entity , can not be disregarded in this connection — the existence of that consensus is beyond question and it undoubtedly made the introduction of a national curriculum framework a relatively unproblematic matter .
without probing too deeply into the reasons for the emergence of that national consensus — and the cogency of the munn report 's argument and the compactness of scotland as an educational entity , can not be disregarded in this connection — the existence of that consensus is beyond question and it undoubtedly made the introduction of a national curriculum [structure] a relatively unproblematic matter .

When the Secretary of State endorsed the curriculum framework proposed by Munn he also intimated that the assessment proposals foreshadowed in the Dunning report would be implemented .
when the secretary of state endorsed the curriculum [structure] proposed by munn he also intimated that the assessment proposals foreshadowed in the dunning report would be implemented .

Arguably , the concerns highlighted could be allayed if the government initiatives were concerned with the establishment of a national curriculum framework only .
arguably , the concerns highlighted could be allayed if the government initiatives were concerned with the establishment of a national curriculum [structure] only .

Thus , it is conceivable that , within such a framework , pupils could enjoy considerable opportunities for choice , for curriculum negotiation and for pupil-centred learning .
thus , it is conceivable that , within such a [structure] , pupils could enjoy considerable opportunities for choice , for curriculum negotiation and for pupil-centred learning .

It is equally possible that within such a framework schools and communities could offer curricula that reflected the responsiveness and diversity that many value .
it is equally possible that within such a [structure] schools and communities could offer curricula that reflected the responsiveness and diversity that many value .

Finally , if teachers were left to enjoy full responsibility for the specific content and teaching strategies to be deployed within each of the major categories of the national curriculum framework , there would be no infringement of teachers ' professional autonomy and the curriculum could be protected from unjustified political interference .
finally , if teachers were left to enjoy full responsibility for the specific content and teaching strategies to be deployed within each of the major categories of the national curriculum [structure] , there would be no infringement of teachers ' professional autonomy and the curriculum could be protected from unjustified political interference .

That is to say , a national curriculum framework is logically not incompatible with pupil-centred learning , with the protection of cultural diversity , and with the professional autonomy of teachers .
that is to say , a national curriculum [structure] is logically not incompatible with pupil-centred learning , with the protection of cultural diversity , and with the professional autonomy of teachers .

However , it is clear that ministerial control will extend well beyond the determination of a national curriculum framework .
however , it is clear that ministerial control will extend well beyond the determination of a national curriculum [structure] .

The defenders of the new arrangements will no doubt claim that there is still reasonable scope for pupil-centred learning , for cultural diversity , and for the exercise of professional autonomy , even within a nationally determined curriculum framework .
the defenders of the new arrangements will no doubt claim that there is still reasonable scope for pupil-centred learning , for cultural diversity , and for the exercise of professional autonomy , even within a nationally determined curriculum [structure] .

An Alternative Framework
an alternative [structure]

The different sorts of interpretation of teaching quality this sort of framework suggests can be illustrated by looking at explanations for the development and persistence of transmission teaching that have been presented within that framework .
the different sorts of interpretation of teaching quality this sort of [structure] suggests can be illustrated by looking at explanations for the development and persistence of transmission teaching that have been presented within that [structure] .

What has been done supplies the framework of justification for what is to be done .
what has been done supplies the [structure] of justification for what is to be done .

SunSoft Inc says that it will have development kits for its implementation of the Distributed Object Management Framework in June , and the kit will include the Interface Definition Language , which is born out of its Spring research effort .
sunsoft inc says that it will have development kits for its implementation of the distributed object management [structure] in june , and the kit will include the interface definition language , which is born out of its spring research effort .

We need a more active approach to the promotion of new knowledge provided by research … to carry out large numbers of research projects and then put them on shelves and in pigeon holes is appallingly wasteful , as is also the vast amount of information available in hundreds of central and local government reports published each year and then forgotten , and never collated or analysed within an overall framework of reference .
we need a more active approach to the promotion of new knowledge provided by research … to carry out large numbers of research projects and then put them on shelves and in pigeon holes is appallingly wasteful , as is also the vast amount of information available in hundreds of central and local government reports published each year and then forgotten , and never collated or analysed within an overall [structure] of reference .

The first is simply to provide a framework for analysing , together with some criteria for assessing , what we currently ‘ know ’ about child abuse .
the first is simply to provide a [structure] for analysing , together with some criteria for assessing , what we currently ‘ know ’ about child abuse .

Past problems — in particular in the interwar depression — were analysed within a framework which might be termed a Keynesian hindsight model [ Pollard , 1969 ; 1983 ] .
past problems — in particular in the interwar depression — were analysed within a [structure] which might be termed a keynesian hindsight model [ pollard , 1969 ; 1983 ] .

These trends have to be placed within the broader framework of changes in the total labour force .
these trends have to be placed within the broader [structure] of changes in the total labour force .

Recently there has been notable self-criticism among senior economists for not having given much more attention to the problem of income determination within the framework of Keynesian analysis [ Meade , 1982 ] .
recently there has been notable self-criticism among senior economists for not having given much more attention to the problem of income determination within the [structure] of keynesian analysis [ meade , 1982 ] .

There is some reason for such an approach since agreements between management and labour were reached within a framework of national collective bargaining .
there is some reason for such an approach since agreements between management and labour were reached within a [structure] of national collective bargaining .

The interviewer sets the framework for the interview — in this case mothers were asked to describe ‘ a day in the life ’ of their infant — but allows the informant to determine the pace and order of the conversation , to select topics considered important .
the interviewer sets the [structure] for the interview — in this case mothers were asked to describe ‘ a day in the life ’ of their infant — but allows the informant to determine the pace and order of the conversation , to select topics considered important .

In 1944 representatives of every allied government met in Chicago and drew up a convention containing ninety-six articles which were to provide the framework upon which civil aviation could be rebuilt after the end of the Second World War .
in 1944 representatives of every allied government met in chicago and drew up a convention containing ninety-six articles which were to provide the [structure] upon which civil aviation could be rebuilt after the end of the second world war .

The major task is now to remove the aircraft wreckage from the accident site to a hangar or similar place where it will , if necessary , be possible to lay out or even reconstruct the aircraft on a base framework .
the major task is now to remove the aircraft wreckage from the accident site to a hangar or similar place where it will , if necessary , be possible to lay out or even reconstruct the aircraft on a base [structure] .

She was standing in the wings , leaning against a post that supported a wooden framework , which in turn held up a number of backcloths .
she was standing in the wings , leaning against a post that supported a wooden [structure] , which in turn held up a number of backcloths .

The ambition of the Master 's Program is to present the fields of energy in an overall international and strategic perspective , within a framework of technical , economic , political , social and environmental issues .
the ambition of the master 's program is to present the fields of energy in an overall international and strategic perspective , within a [structure] of technical , economic , political , social and environmental issues .

Western specialists have long felt the need for a journal which attempts regularly to describe and analyse developments in East Central European countries in a comparative framework … East European Reporter is a pioneering attempt to tackle this vital task . Timothy Garton Ash
western specialists have long felt the need for a journal which attempts regularly to describe and analyse developments in east central european countries in a comparative [structure] … east european reporter is a pioneering attempt to tackle this vital task . timothy garton ash

This sketch is concerned only with the framework of the solid objects , no attempt is made to suggest blocks of light and shade as this would inhibit the application of paint to these pre-defined areas , denying the paint its freedom to run , bleed and react with the previously described qualities of the paper .
this sketch is concerned only with the [structure] of the solid objects , no attempt is made to suggest blocks of light and shade as this would inhibit the application of paint to these pre-defined areas , denying the paint its freedom to run , bleed and react with the previously described qualities of the paper .

The normal human skeleton consists of 206 bones , providing a mobile supporting framework for the body and a protective carapace for the vital organs .
the normal human skeleton consists of 206 bones , providing a mobile supporting [structure] for the body and a protective carapace for the vital organs .

It summarises geological knowledge of metalliferous mineralisation , reviews current and past exploration , and describes its administrative and legal framework .
it summarises geological knowledge of metalliferous mineralisation , reviews current and past exploration , and describes its administrative and legal [structure] .

Geological mapping of the well-exposed coastal sections of south-west Scotland has been completed ; the tectonic , biostratigraphical and lithostratigraphical correlations established within the greywackesiltstone-shale ( turbidite ) sequences now provide the essential framework for the mapping of less well-exposed areas inland .
geological mapping of the well-exposed coastal sections of south-west scotland has been completed ; the tectonic , biostratigraphical and lithostratigraphical correlations established within the greywackesiltstone-shale ( turbidite ) sequences now provide the essential [structure] for the mapping of less well-exposed areas inland .

[ see illustration overleaf ] The stratigraphical framework of the project has been controlled by detailed collection and identification of graptolite faunas , resulting in the formulation of subzones within the turriculatus Zone of the Llandovery .
[ see illustration overleaf ] the stratigraphical [structure] of the project has been controlled by detailed collection and identification of graptolite faunas , resulting in the formulation of subzones within the turriculatus zone of the llandovery .

Data from the Cordillera Real and El Oro studies combined with field checks elsewhere indicate that a complex collage of terranes accreted during the Mesozoic , and the new maps use this collage as a tectonic framework .
data from the cordillera real and el oro studies combined with field checks elsewhere indicate that a complex collage of terranes accreted during the mesozoic , and the new maps use this collage as a tectonic [structure] .

They no longer have any moral framework .
they no longer have any moral [structure] .

Society creates the framework of institutions and rules with which general problems of the elderly emerge and indeed are manufactured . He refers to
society creates the [structure] of institutions and rules with which general problems of the elderly emerge and indeed are manufactured . he refers to

Such a framework brings together the contradictions of death , pain , destruction and despair on the one hand , and life , pleasure , creation and joy on the other .
such a [structure] brings together the contradictions of death , pain , destruction and despair on the one hand , and life , pleasure , creation and joy on the other .

As discussed elsewhere ( Key , 1985 ) , it is possible to envisage dying as part of this framework .
as discussed elsewhere ( key , 1985 ) , it is possible to envisage dying as part of this [structure] .

Existentialism is of course neither the only nor necessarily the best framework in which to locate suffering .
existentialism is of course neither the only nor necessarily the best [structure] in which to locate suffering .

It does , however , show clearly that when assessing suffering it is important to have a framework that goes beyond the narrow concerns of selective or functional assessment approaches , although such approaches do have some value in distinguishing between ‘ appropriate ’ and ‘ inappropriate ’ suffering .
it does , however , show clearly that when assessing suffering it is important to have a [structure] that goes beyond the narrow concerns of selective or functional assessment approaches , although such approaches do have some value in distinguishing between ‘ appropriate ’ and ‘ inappropriate ’ suffering .

The ideal framework for the study of early Anglo-Saxon society is provided by the kingdoms which were developing during the period under consideration .
the ideal [structure] for the study of early anglo-saxon society is provided by the kingdoms which were developing during the period under consideration .

Within that evolving framework there is both complexity and variety , for change involves both redundancy as well as novelty , and each region was subject to different pressures stemming from its past and its neighbours .
within that evolving [structure] there is both complexity and variety , for change involves both redundancy as well as novelty , and each region was subject to different pressures stemming from its past and its neighbours .

The method of study developed by Leeds can be traced back as early as 1912 in his career ; however the formulation of the theoretical framework was achieved by the prehistorian Gordon Childe who stated that prehistoric archaeology should be ‘ devoted to isolating such cultural groups of peoples , tracing the differentiations , wanderings and interactions ’ ( 1933 p. 417 ) .
the method of study developed by leeds can be traced back as early as 1912 in his career ; however the formulation of the theoretical [structure] was achieved by the prehistorian gordon childe who stated that prehistoric archaeology should be ‘ devoted to isolating such cultural groups of peoples , tracing the differentiations , wanderings and interactions ’ ( 1933 p. 417 ) .

Dickinson 's view that early Anglo-Saxon archaeology lacks a good theoretical framework is an extraordinarily isolationist one , when archaeology has been undergoing a revolution in thinking since the beginning of the 1960s and which has been dominated by theoretical considerations appropriate to all archaeological periods , including the post-Roman periods .
dickinson 's view that early anglo-saxon archaeology lacks a good theoretical [structure] is an extraordinarily isolationist one , when archaeology has been undergoing a revolution in thinking since the beginning of the 1960s and which has been dominated by theoretical considerations appropriate to all archaeological periods , including the post-roman periods .

There have been few serious attempts to break away from this restrictive framework ; it is the absence of the application of any theoretical framework that has made such work so sterile , and it is doubtful whether evidence will be found for the social and economic developments during the period by studying art-styles , date and distribution alone , unless specific questions are formulated first .
there have been few serious attempts to break away from this restrictive [structure] ; it is the absence of the application of any theoretical [structure] that has made such work so sterile , and it is doubtful whether evidence will be found for the social and economic developments during the period by studying art-styles , date and distribution alone , unless specific questions are formulated first .

Most writers have a framework for the development of the society in question to which their chronology is related , whether stated or not .
most writers have a [structure] for the development of the society in question to which their chronology is related , whether stated or not .

The nature of the movement of goods can only be understood if it is seen in relation to the complex and changing framework of society .
the nature of the movement of goods can only be understood if it is seen in relation to the complex and changing [structure] of society .

The framework of the helmet consists of an iron cap , almost hemispherical , which was beaten out of one piece of metal .
the [structure] of the helmet consists of an iron cap , almost hemispherical , which was beaten out of one piece of metal .

The typical town house may well have tall windows — the perfect framework for a luxurious amount of fabric swagged across the top of the windows and gathered back with tasselled cords or tailored tie backs .
the typical town house may well have tall windows — the perfect [structure] for a luxurious amount of fabric swagged across the top of the windows and gathered back with tasselled cords or tailored tie backs .

The Programme has been devised by leading primary educationalists and follows the framework of the national curriculum .
the programme has been devised by leading primary educationalists and follows the [structure] of the national curriculum .

We will now consider how pivoting may be carried out in the framework we have outlined .
we will now consider how pivoting may be carried out in the [structure] we have outlined .

On the one hand , terrorist suspects who are caught , rather than shot dead , will continue to be treated within the framework of the ‘ rule of law ’ .
on the one hand , terrorist suspects who are caught , rather than shot dead , will continue to be treated within the [structure] of the ‘ rule of law ’ .

Now , the new framework being put into place has allowed the title of ‘ university ’ to be extended to any polytechnic which wishes to use it .
now , the new [structure] being put into place has allowed the title of ‘ university ’ to be extended to any polytechnic which wishes to use it .

This framework uses terminology already recognised by practising nurses , that of the nursing process and offers an alternative to the structure , process and outcome approach .
this [structure] uses terminology already recognised by practising nurses , that of the nursing process and offers an alternative to the structure , process and outcome approach .

Additional criticisms , some from outside the radical perspective , have been made , but we deal with these in the next chapter where we put forward an alternative conceptual framework within which to consider the issues .
additional criticisms , some from outside the radical perspective , have been made , but we deal with these in the next chapter where we put forward an alternative conceptual [structure] within which to consider the issues .

The Reporter , although not necessarily a lawyer , must ensure that the Hearings stay within the legal framework .
the reporter , although not necessarily a lawyer , must ensure that the hearings stay within the legal [structure] .

The role of the Reporter is to advise the Panel , and keep the proceedings within the framework of the law .
the role of the reporter is to advise the panel , and keep the proceedings within the [structure] of the law .

The framework of a kite is made of rigid or semi-rigid spars .
the [structure] of a kite is made of rigid or semi-rigid spars .

Hence the term to –stand-off– or lift the sail away from the plane of the framework on the steerable extended Delta designs .
hence the term to –stand-off– or lift the sail away from the plane of the [structure] on the steerable extended delta designs .

Everyone might agree on the need for national unity , development , and the rapid elimination of poverty , ignorance and disease , but what institutional framework would be workable for the media ?
everyone might agree on the need for national unity , development , and the rapid elimination of poverty , ignorance and disease , but what institutional [structure] would be workable for the media ?

For Hayek , the growth of the market economy can be explained only in this evolutionary framework .
for hayek , the growth of the market economy can be explained only in this evolutionary [structure] .

Within his framework , pollution , which might be considered a cost imposed on society but not paid for by the company creating the pollution , results from a deficient system of property rights .
within his [structure] , pollution , which might be considered a cost imposed on society but not paid for by the company creating the pollution , results from a deficient system of property rights .

Within the neo-classical framework profit is essentially a return to capital investment as a reward for the risk borne by its owners .
within the neo-classical [structure] profit is essentially a return to capital investment as a reward for the risk borne by its owners .

In other words , within a non-Marxist framework the ability of a company which possesses a monopoly to exploit its monopoly is something which is determined by the evidence and not as in Marxism by the way in which value is de fined .
in other words , within a non-marxist [structure] the ability of a company which possesses a monopoly to exploit its monopoly is something which is determined by the evidence and not as in marxism by the way in which value is de fined .

Not only is this episode interesting in itself , but it also contains important lessons which can be applied to similar attempts at implementing Marxism within a democratic framework .
not only is this episode interesting in itself , but it also contains important lessons which can be applied to similar attempts at implementing marxism within a democratic [structure] .

And third , the various laws which make up the Mosaic Code as part of God 's covenant with the Hebrew nation , set the framework for a system of political economy .
and third , the various laws which make up the mosaic code as part of god 's covenant with the hebrew nation , set the [structure] for a system of political economy .

However , in judging the framework of the modern corporation as an attempt to balance the interests , rights and responsibilities of all concerned it is important to take account of the welter of legislation , since the introduction of limited liability , which protects the interests of employees , consumers , suppliers and creditors .
however , in judging the [structure] of the modern corporation as an attempt to balance the interests , rights and responsibilities of all concerned it is important to take account of the welter of legislation , since the introduction of limited liability , which protects the interests of employees , consumers , suppliers and creditors .

The whole business therefore needs to be seen in the broader framework of how you envisage your future .
the whole business therefore needs to be seen in the broader [structure] of how you envisage your future .

According to Curtin and Shields , Irish Base Metals literally occupied the area on which they found metal : ‘ Thus early prospecting was carried on outside the framework of the mining legislation and involved a tortious interference with the property and livelihood of local farmers .
according to curtin and shields , irish base metals literally occupied the area on which they found metal : ‘ thus early prospecting was carried on outside the [structure] of the mining legislation and involved a tortious interference with the property and livelihood of local farmers .

This also provides a useful framework for a report-style presentation .
this also provides a useful [structure] for a report-style presentation .

These are clearly centred on the figures revealed by the operating statements , and these provide a convenient framework for considering them .
these are clearly centred on the figures revealed by the operating statements , and these provide a convenient [structure] for considering them .

San Francisco , California-based PeerLogic has announced a port of version 3.1 of Pipes for SunOs : Pipes , the company 's distributed computing framework , is claimed to support asynchronous , object-oriented messaging , a dynamic , global naming service and multiple operating systems and transport protocols — prices start at $700 .
san francisco , california-based peerlogic has announced a port of version 3.1 of pipes for sunos : pipes , the company 's distributed computing [structure] , is claimed to support asynchronous , object-oriented messaging , a dynamic , global naming service and multiple operating systems and transport protocols — prices start at $700 .

Apart from any need to counter persistent infringement of the rules of dress and display , the number of enactments is indicative of considerable uncertainty , for not only did the legislature feel impelled to extend the terminology of rank with monetary equivalents , these latter were made the subject of continual amendment within the broad permanent framework .
apart from any need to counter persistent infringement of the rules of dress and display , the number of enactments is indicative of considerable uncertainty , for not only did the legislature feel impelled to extend the terminology of rank with monetary equivalents , these latter were made the subject of continual amendment within the broad permanent [structure] .

, evolved a complex framework of rules to govern it .
, evolved a complex [structure] of rules to govern it .

Expersoft Corporation , San Diego , California , is to launch XShell , a portfolio of module building toolkits and an object-oriented , distributed computing integration framework .
expersoft corporation , san diego , california , is to launch xshell , a portfolio of module building toolkits and an object-oriented , distributed computing integration [structure] .

Crossroad Systems Inc , an 18-month-old Boston , Massachusetts-based start-up , has come out with a new development framework for integrating heterogeneous applications into a single environment on Unix networks .
crossroad systems inc , an 18-month-old boston , massachusetts-based start-up , has come out with a new development [structure] for integrating heterogeneous applications into a single environment on unix networks .

Its totalization takes place through its incarnation , as part of the totality of boxing , in the overall framework within which each individual fight occurs .
its totalization takes place through its incarnation , as part of the totality of boxing , in the overall [structure] within which each individual fight occurs .

Yet each individual bout articulates itself within the framework of the history of boxing , known and unknown .
yet each individual bout articulates itself within the [structure] of the history of boxing , known and unknown .

Within the general framework of his attack on the humanistic Hegelian tradition of Western Marxism , Althusser 's specific objection to Sartre 's attempt to mediate Marxism with existential subjectivity was that such a move went against the crucial discoveries which had founded Marxism in the first place ; in an extension of Lévi-Strauss ' argument , he maintained that the notion of ‘ man ’ that Sartre used was derived from a particular ideological definition of the human subject which represses Marx 's insight that the human subject is not the centre of history , together with Freud 's that the subject is not centred in consciousness .
within the general [structure] of his attack on the humanistic hegelian tradition of western marxism , althusser 's specific objection to sartre 's attempt to mediate marxism with existential subjectivity was that such a move went against the crucial discoveries which had founded marxism in the first place ; in an extension of lévi-strauss ' argument , he maintained that the notion of ‘ man ’ that sartre used was derived from a particular ideological definition of the human subject which represses marx 's insight that the human subject is not the centre of history , together with freud 's that the subject is not centred in consciousness .

Marxists often imply that Marxism simply involves the introduction of a historical framework — ‘ always historicize !
marxists often imply that marxism simply involves the introduction of a historical [structure] — ‘ always historicize !

Foucault is particularly critical of the appropriating structure of totalization , Marxist or otherwise , insofar as it implies the superiority of the theorist who produces the totalization of knowledge ; in the same way , he distrusts the use of history as an encompassing framework because it works as a power structure that enables the expropriation and control of the past according to the perspective and truth of the present .
foucault is particularly critical of the appropriating structure of totalization , marxist or otherwise , insofar as it implies the superiority of the theorist who produces the totalization of knowledge ; in the same way , he distrusts the use of history as an encompassing [structure] because it works as a power structure that enables the expropriation and control of the past according to the perspective and truth of the present .

Although sociologists try to go beyond working within what they see as a narrow ‘ social problem ’ framework , this does not mean that their research can not provide insights and suggestions potentially relevant to practitioners and policy-makers .
although sociologists try to go beyond working within what they see as a narrow ‘ social problem ’ [structure] , this does not mean that their research can not provide insights and suggestions potentially relevant to practitioners and policy-makers .

The Beveridge reforms of the post-war years laid out a framework for the welfare state based on the assumption that women should be and wanted to be , first and foremost , wives and mothers .
the beveridge reforms of the post-war years laid out a [structure] for the welfare state based on the assumption that women should be and wanted to be , first and foremost , wives and mothers .

The focus of change was organisational arrangements , in the sanguine belief that if the framework of the school was altered then the processes of education which it enshrined would also alter to support a strong definition of equality of opportunity .
the focus of change was organisational arrangements , in the sanguine belief that if the [structure] of the school was altered then the processes of education which it enshrined would also alter to support a strong definition of equality of opportunity .

As Moon points out , one of the major advantages of organising the curriculum in a modular framework is that it can avoid stereotyping .
as moon points out , one of the major advantages of organising the curriculum in a modular [structure] is that it can avoid stereotyping .

The conclusion reached was ‘ probably not ’ and , having affirmed a principle that ‘ as far as possible children should remain within the mainstream framework of attainment targets and programmes of study ’ ( 1988 , para 10.31 ) , acknowledges that much will rest with the teacher 's skill in developing appropriate pedagogical styles and , as ever , that more research is needed .
the conclusion reached was ‘ probably not ’ and , having affirmed a principle that ‘ as far as possible children should remain within the mainstream [structure] of attainment targets and programmes of study ’ ( 1988 , para 10.31 ) , acknowledges that much will rest with the teacher 's skill in developing appropriate pedagogical styles and , as ever , that more research is needed .

In helping schools to take a more considered look at their own structures the framework outlined in figure 5 .
in helping schools to take a more considered look at their own structures the [structure] outlined in figure 5 .

The framework can offer the opportunity , not only to raise the staff 's awareness of the issues which surround the concept of meeting needs , but hopefully to challenge some of the traditional dogmas which beset it .
the [structure] can offer the opportunity , not only to raise the staff 's awareness of the issues which surround the concept of meeting needs , but hopefully to challenge some of the traditional dogmas which beset it .

The framework in figure 5 .
the [structure] in figure 5 .

those within the basic adult education framework who usually study literacy , numeracy , coping/life/social/home skills , communication , sign language , lip-reading , Braille , typing those who are part of the general arts programme and who learn handicrafts , music and movement , dance , drama , orchestral playing , cookery , photography
those within the basic adult education [structure] who usually study literacy , numeracy , coping/life/social/home skills , communication , sign language , lip-reading , braille , typing those who are part of the general arts programme and who learn handicrafts , music and movement , dance , drama , orchestral playing , cookery , photography

Enabling all teachers to provide for each according to need : skill enhancement within a problem-solving framework — the shift in role for the specialist supporter
enabling all teachers to provide for each according to need : skill enhancement within a problem-solving [structure] — the shift in role for the specialist supporter

The problem-solving framework distinguishes the case discussion model from ad hoc case conferences , lunch-time ‘ surgeries ’ run by educational psychologists where teachers can discuss the difficulties they experience with specific pupils , or meetings arranged to deal with crisis situations .
the problem-solving [structure] distinguishes the case discussion model from ad hoc case conferences , lunch-time ‘ surgeries ’ run by educational psychologists where teachers can discuss the difficulties they experience with specific pupils , or meetings arranged to deal with crisis situations .

The problem.solving framework , in contrast , ensures that the information that emerges regarding a specific pupil 's difficulty in its context is generated in such a way that it also helps teachers in general — whether or not they know the pupil under discussion — to learn to ask themselves the kinds of questions that are helpful whenever problems arise in any pupil 's learning situation .
the problem.solving [structure] , in contrast , ensures that the information that emerges regarding a specific pupil 's difficulty in its context is generated in such a way that it also helps teachers in general — whether or not they know the pupil under discussion — to learn to ask themselves the kinds of questions that are helpful whenever problems arise in any pupil 's learning situation .

Pupil and public indicate the possible interactions involved in disruptive behaviour and provide a framework in which schools can begin to formulate policies to resolve the problem .
pupil and public indicate the possible interactions involved in disruptive behaviour and provide a [structure] in which schools can begin to formulate policies to resolve the problem .

The policies require the support of the local authority and proper resourcing but they provide an ideal framework for schools seeking to become more responsive to their pupils and the Communities they serve .
the policies require the support of the local authority and proper resourcing but they provide an ideal [structure] for schools seeking to become more responsive to their pupils and the communities they serve .

Now that the legal framework for the rest of the century appears to have been set attention can be given to the task of interpreting it for governors .
now that the legal [structure] for the rest of the century appears to have been set attention can be given to the task of interpreting it for governors .

Within such a framework the duties imposed by the 1981 Act could be accommodated fairly easily , but another challenge was immediately presented by the introduction of the national curriculum with its mandatory package of core and foundation subjects .
within such a [structure] the duties imposed by the 1981 act could be accommodated fairly easily , but another challenge was immediately presented by the introduction of the national curriculum with its mandatory package of core and foundation subjects .

The following advice could serve as a framework .
the following advice could serve as a [structure] .

The traditionalism of egalitarian feminist psychology gains it a hearing in the conventional discipline , and allows it to make changes within the established framework .
the traditionalism of egalitarian feminist psychology gains it a hearing in the conventional discipline , and allows it to make changes within the established [structure] .

But within this framework he continues to generalize about gender , seeing all , sexual relations as a battle ’ ( 1982 : 60 ) , an important part of the ‘ arms race ’ all genes conduct with each other .
but within this [structure] he continues to generalize about gender , seeing all , sexual relations as a battle ’ ( 1982 : 60 ) , an important part of the ‘ arms race ’ all genes conduct with each other .

Unger , although she emphasizes that sex is a stimulus as well as a subject variable , puts both these into the service of a ‘ cognitive perception framework ’ ( 1983 : viii ) .
unger , although she emphasizes that sex is a stimulus as well as a subject variable , puts both these into the service of a ‘ cognitive perception [structure] ’ ( 1983 : viii ) .

Perhaps for this reason , it rarely commits itself entirely to a humanist framework .
perhaps for this reason , it rarely commits itself entirely to a humanist [structure] .

Even Baumrind ( 1982 ) , supporting Gilligan 's different voice hypothesis against what she sees as the traditionalism of the psychology of androgyny , holds on to the traditional framework of Jungian psychology in order to do this , and later ( 1986 ) , reinterprets the hypothesis in a humanist and spiritual framework , which is not differentiated by gender .
even baumrind ( 1982 ) , supporting gilligan 's different voice hypothesis against what she sees as the traditionalism of the psychology of androgyny , holds on to the traditional [structure] of jungian psychology in order to do this , and later ( 1986 ) , reinterprets the hypothesis in a humanist and spiritual [structure] , which is not differentiated by gender .

Her fidelity to Kohlberg 's approach suggests a maturational framework .
her fidelity to kohlberg 's approach suggests a maturational [structure] .

Black feminist psychologists ' descriptions of the family as a site of refuge and resistance for black women have no place in this framework .
black feminist psychologists ' descriptions of the family as a site of refuge and resistance for black women have no place in this [structure] .

The few who , influenced by psychoanalysis and poststructuralism , take a more serious approach to it , tend to address it within an orthodox social cognitivist framework , to treat it as an illustration of larger , more obviously social discursive structure , or to ground it finally in an idealized unconscious subjectivity .
the few who , influenced by psychoanalysis and poststructuralism , take a more serious approach to it , tend to address it within an orthodox social cognitivist [structure] , to treat it as an illustration of larger , more obviously social discursive structure , or to ground it finally in an idealized unconscious subjectivity .

Generally , then , the basic objective is to build up a strong framework or system of main stems , and to develop lateral side shoots which are pruned back each spring to 3 or 4 inches ( 7.5 or 10cm ) , with a terminal bud pointing in the right direction to fill spaces and gaps .
generally , then , the basic objective is to build up a strong [structure] or system of main stems , and to develop lateral side shoots which are pruned back each spring to 3 or 4 inches ( 7.5 or 10cm ) , with a terminal bud pointing in the right direction to fill spaces and gaps .

After that , the framework of garden size and the plant 's neighbours constrains the subject from spilling over the edges .
after that , the [structure] of garden size and the plant 's neighbours constrains the subject from spilling over the edges .

More usually , it will allow the interviewer some flexibility and discretion , within a framework that is similar on every occasion .
more usually , it will allow the interviewer some flexibility and discretion , within a [structure] that is similar on every occasion .

They are a view of the past from the standpoint of the present , and this raises questions of the accuracy of the recall of facts , and about the interpretive framework through which memories are recalled .
they are a view of the past from the standpoint of the present , and this raises questions of the accuracy of the recall of facts , and about the interpretive [structure] through which memories are recalled .

Instead of using the Lasswellian framework for the study of the media 's effect on , say , individual voting preferences — namely , what is ‘ the effect of the media on the election ’ — Seymour-Ure suggests that one should rephrase the question as follows : ‘ What is the function of media in the electoral process ?
instead of using the lasswellian [structure] for the study of the media 's effect on , say , individual voting preferences — namely , what is ‘ the effect of the media on the election ’ — seymour-ure suggests that one should rephrase the question as follows : ‘ what is the function of media in the electoral process ?

originates in mutual dependence within a framework of divergent though overlapping purposes .
originates in mutual dependence within a [structure] of divergent though overlapping purposes .

As Curran and Seaton observed , the Commission wanted to ‘ transplant the public service rationale of broadcasting to the press … but was opposed to the framework of public regulation that underpins it ’ .
as curran and seaton observed , the commission wanted to ‘ transplant the public service rationale of broadcasting to the press … but was opposed to the [structure] of public regulation that underpins it ’ .

In that way , the public will be able to exercise a true choice rather than be forced to exercise a choice within an imposed framework .
in that way , the public will be able to exercise a true choice rather than be forced to exercise a choice within an imposed [structure] .

Given the current technical framework and the likely developments in the future , how can British broadcasting be financed in such a way as to brine the greatest enjoyment and pleasure to as many viewers and listeners as possible while at the same time fulfilling the public service obligation ?
given the current technical [structure] and the likely developments in the future , how can british broadcasting be financed in such a way as to brine the greatest enjoyment and pleasure to as many viewers and listeners as possible while at the same time fulfilling the public service obligation ?

Critics of the Peacock Committee have been happier to work within a framework of change that is more limited than that envisaged by the Committee .
critics of the peacock committee have been happier to work within a [structure] of change that is more limited than that envisaged by the committee .

The answer which fell within an ethical framework was the duty solicitor scheme , as the Cardiff solicitors explained :
the answer which fell within an ethical [structure] was the duty solicitor scheme , as the cardiff solicitors explained :

When this book was first written , for example , no comprehensive study existed of the effects of land reform in eastern Europe after 1918 although many states then embarked upon schemes for the break-up of the great estates which had been the framework of economy and society in the east since the seventeenth century .
when this book was first written , for example , no comprehensive study existed of the effects of land reform in eastern europe after 1918 although many states then embarked upon schemes for the break-up of the great estates which had been the [structure] of economy and society in the east since the seventeenth century .

This political framework filled a continent whose physical characteristics were a long and indented coast , few very high mountains , moderate rainfall and temperature and much fertile land .
this political [structure] filled a continent whose physical characteristics were a long and indented coast , few very high mountains , moderate rainfall and temperature and much fertile land .

For nearly two centuries a political framework had existed which had made it increasingly easy to tap Europe 's resources and savings .
for nearly two centuries a political [structure] had existed which had made it increasingly easy to tap europe 's resources and savings .

Its indispensable framework was the machinery of communication which now united the globe .
its indispensable [structure] was the machinery of communication which now united the globe .

Their quarrels with one another did not really compromise these benefits , any more than quarrels between European nations prevented colonial administrators from giving much of the world the framework of European law and order .
their quarrels with one another did not really compromise these benefits , any more than quarrels between european nations prevented colonial administrators from giving much of the world the [structure] of european law and order .

Where direct rule had been established a long time — in India , for example — it provided a framework in which there could grow an acceptance of European ideas of political organization .
where direct rule had been established a long time — in india , for example — it provided a [structure] in which there could grow an acceptance of european ideas of political organization .

In 1905 Norway separated from Sweden peacefully , a step of great interest to Magyars who considered the Dual Monarchy too constricting a framework .
in 1905 norway separated from sweden peacefully , a step of great interest to magyars who considered the dual monarchy too constricting a [structure] .

In many states , the political framework could be described as ‘ constitutional monarchy ’ , but only Spain and Sweden shared the two-party conflict with which Great Britain seemed to make the system work .
in many states , the political [structure] could be described as ‘ constitutional monarchy ’ , but only spain and sweden shared the two-party conflict with which great britain seemed to make the system work .

Although Stalin 's insistence on absolute control may in the fullness of time have evolved into an emphasis on ensuring ultimate control , Soviet leaders in the 1980s still operate within the essential security framework which Stalin bequeathed to them .
although stalin 's insistence on absolute control may in the fullness of time have evolved into an emphasis on ensuring ultimate control , soviet leaders in the 1980s still operate within the essential security [structure] which stalin bequeathed to them .

The Party , whilst retaining its formal prerogatives in the military-security field is in fact alleged to be increasingly hostage to the technical competence of what Frunze once called the ‘ brain of the Army ’ : an organisation with the expertise as well as the staff support to determine the framework within which issues are discussed and decisions taken .
the party , whilst retaining its formal prerogatives in the military-security field is in fact alleged to be increasingly hostage to the technical competence of what frunze once called the ‘ brain of the army ’ : an organisation with the expertise as well as the staff support to determine the [structure] within which issues are discussed and decisions taken .

Tivoli Systems Inc , based in Austin , Texas , has a growing band of acolytes which are supporting its effort to bring a framework for distributed systems management to Unix .
tivoli systems inc , based in austin , texas , has a growing band of acolytes which are supporting its effort to bring a [structure] for distributed systems management to unix .

As well as a basic management framework a variety of applications are required to suit different commercial environments , including change and configuration management , security management , inventory monitoring and analysis , client/server application management and operations management .
as well as a basic management [structure] a variety of applications are required to suit different commercial environments , including change and configuration management , security management , inventory monitoring and analysis , client/server application management and operations management .

To get independent software vendors interested in its technology , Tivoli first had to get a system management framework and basic services established for applications to reside on .
to get independent software vendors interested in its technology , tivoli first had to get a system management [structure] and basic services established for applications to reside on .

Moss believes much of Tivoli 's future success depends on getting framework technology and solutions out through the Unix channels .
moss believes much of tivoli 's future success depends on getting [structure] technology and solutions out through the unix channels .

For instance , if it is supposed that some of our perceptual judgements have a form of intrinsic credibility , and if a set of canons of rationality can be justified without recourse to the special sciences — they are analytic , self-evident , or a conventionally adopted linguistic framework — then it may be possible to trace the credibility of all rational beliefs to that possessed by this foundation .
for instance , if it is supposed that some of our perceptual judgements have a form of intrinsic credibility , and if a set of canons of rationality can be justified without recourse to the special sciences — they are analytic , self-evident , or a conventionally adopted linguistic [structure] — then it may be possible to trace the credibility of all rational beliefs to that possessed by this foundation .

By denying that we could empirically identify the linguistic framework employed by other agents ( or , indeed by ourselves ) , Quine challenged the claim that we can have a substantive prior conception of truth which can be used to formulate questions for transcendental reflection .
by denying that we could empirically identify the linguistic [structure] employed by other agents ( or , indeed by ourselves ) , quine challenged the claim that we can have a substantive prior conception of truth which can be used to formulate questions for transcendental reflection .

If one has to resort to such an intentional framework in order to make sense of the behaviour , in order to explain what the creatures are doing and why , and has so to resort after exhausting all possibilities of more austere , less anthropomorphic frameworks of explanation , then one is on the route to linguistic meanings .
if one has to resort to such an intentional [structure] in order to make sense of the behaviour , in order to explain what the creatures are doing and why , and has so to resort after exhausting all possibilities of more austere , less anthropomorphic frameworks of explanation , then one is on the route to linguistic meanings .

By way of reply , Strawson can of course fall back on his belief that this is not true of our commitment to reactive attitudes because it is part of ‘ the general framework of human life ’ , which can not be given up .
by way of reply , strawson can of course fall back on his belief that this is not true of our commitment to reactive attitudes because it is part of ‘ the general [structure] of human life ’ , which can not be given up .

The second difficulty arises from the fact that this defence of individualism rests on an idea of a ‘ general framework of human life ’ which is itself open to doubt , and would be challenged by a number of holists .
the second difficulty arises from the fact that this defence of individualism rests on an idea of a ‘ general [structure] of human life ’ which is itself open to doubt , and would be challenged by a number of holists .

However , people 's capacity for perceiving themselves in this way is not innate ; it is acquired within a framework of established social practices which impose on them the role ( forme ) of a subject .
however , people 's capacity for perceiving themselves in this way is not innate ; it is acquired within a [structure] of established social practices which impose on them the role ( forme ) of a subject .

Henceforth this system provided the framework for his preoccupation with the problems of the extinction and origin of species .
henceforth this system provided the [structure] for his preoccupation with the problems of the extinction and origin of species .

Even within this explanatory framework , little useful understanding will be obtained without first studying the problem at many different levels .
even within this explanatory [structure] , little useful understanding will be obtained without first studying the problem at many different levels .

Within this framework , the feat of believing that someone will come the day after tomorrow does not seem at all out of the way .
within this [structure] , the feat of believing that someone will come the day after tomorrow does not seem at all out of the way .

The intuitions about animals send ‘ mixed messages ’ but are unfortunately just starting points : ‘ So we must turn to theoretical accounts in the hope of finding some stable conceptual framework for tethering our intuitions or for cultivating new ones ’ ( 1981 : 6 ) .
the intuitions about animals send ‘ mixed messages ’ but are unfortunately just starting points : ‘ so we must turn to theoretical accounts in the hope of finding some stable conceptual [structure] for tethering our intuitions or for cultivating new ones ’ ( 1981 : 6 ) .

Anger needs expression and resolution within a manageable framework of time .
anger needs expression and resolution within a manageable [structure] of time .

Janice believes that children should know when they are going beyond what is acceptable and that a clear framework of conduct is necessary for a child 's proper development .
janice believes that children should know when they are going beyond what is acceptable and that a clear [structure] of conduct is necessary for a child 's proper development .

The literature on electronic publishing does not appear to provide a framework for studying the subject .
the literature on electronic publishing does not appear to provide a [structure] for studying the subject .

Within the framework of the market needs , the suggested course offerings and the proposed course contents , the following sample courses are suggested .
within the [structure] of the market needs , the suggested course offerings and the proposed course contents , the following sample courses are suggested .

Measure up for an outer framework , based upon sawn timber , 75x25mm .
measure up for an outer [structure] , based upon sawn timber , 75x25mm .

Build up the framework , skew-nailing where necessary ( see inset ) after the application of wood adhesive to meeting surfaces . Check for true angles as construction proceeds
build up the [structure] , skew-nailing where necessary ( see inset ) after the application of wood adhesive to meeting surfaces . check for true angles as construction proceeds

Or you can install a wooden framework , and cover it with plasterboard , chipboard or hardboard ( although the latter may buckle if it is not well supported ) .
or you can install a wooden [structure] , and cover it with plasterboard , chipboard or hardboard ( although the latter may buckle if it is not well supported ) .

Once you have fixed a framework of battens to the wall , how is panelling fixed ?
once you have fixed a [structure] of battens to the wall , how is panelling fixed ?

To provide an organised framework for intervention with families .
to provide an organised [structure] for intervention with families .

Using the behavioural framework given in Handout 2 , we can broadly differentiate three varieties of maladaptive behaviour from infants .
using the behavioural [structure] given in handout 2 , we can broadly differentiate three varieties of maladaptive behaviour from infants .

Design the framework of an intervention that employs response competition .
design the [structure] of an intervention that employs response competition .

The notion of response competition has been used here to provide a framework for an intervention . So we now have :
the notion of response competition has been used here to provide a [structure] for an intervention . so we now have :

The next part aims to place this within an organised framework that can be delivered to families .
the next part aims to place this within an organised [structure] that can be delivered to families .

To provide an organised framework for intervention with families
to provide an organised [structure] for intervention with families

What the professional is doing is offering a framework within which parents can learn skills to solve their own problems .
what the professional is doing is offering a [structure] within which parents can learn skills to solve their own problems .

To offer advice , guidance , a management framework and demonstrations .
to offer advice , guidance , a management [structure] and demonstrations .

Bruner argues that social routines such as this form a framework within which young children learn a variety of social skills which are important developmental precursors to spoken language .
bruner argues that social routines such as this form a [structure] within which young children learn a variety of social skills which are important developmental precursors to spoken language .

For example , while Cantwell and Baker ( 1987 ) imply that diagnosis is in some senses indicative of aetiology , Ingram ( 1976 ) restricts his use of the term to the description of speech and language difficulties using a particular theoretical framework .
for example , while cantwell and baker ( 1987 ) imply that diagnosis is in some senses indicative of aetiology , ingram ( 1976 ) restricts his use of the term to the description of speech and language difficulties using a particular theoretical [structure] .

Therapeutic recommendations involve moving beyond a description and interpretation of the child 's difficulties , and expressing a commitment to a theoretical framework concerning how changes can be initiated or accelerated .
therapeutic recommendations involve moving beyond a description and interpretation of the child 's difficulties , and expressing a commitment to a theoretical [structure] concerning how changes can be initiated or accelerated .

An interpretation of a child 's language will be derived from some comparison between the child 's actual language and a descriptive framework incorporated within the assessment procedure .
an interpretation of a child 's language will be derived from some comparison between the child 's actual language and a descriptive [structure] incorporated within the assessment procedure .

Because the basis for making comparisons is not always made explicit , it may be helpful to discuss two kinds of descriptive framework which are frequently employed in assessment procedures .
because the basis for making comparisons is not always made explicit , it may be helpful to discuss two kinds of descriptive [structure] which are frequently employed in assessment procedures .

Within this framework , language may be conceived of as a process which arises from the social interaction of individuals ; it is neither a skill possessed by individuals nor simply a reflection of environmental influences .
within this [structure] , language may be conceived of as a process which arises from the social interaction of individuals ; it is neither a skill possessed by individuals nor simply a reflection of environmental influences .

The framework set out in Figure 7.5 is provided by Tough as a guide for teachers when identifying uses of language ‘ which they are probably already fostering , either intuitively or with some deliberation ’ .
the [structure] set out in figure 7.5 is provided by tough as a guide for teachers when identifying uses of language ‘ which they are probably already fostering , either intuitively or with some deliberation ’ .

In spite of the considerable popularity of Tough 's framework , she has not subjected the specific strategies to a rigorous examination of reliability and , when other researchers have attempted to replicate her work , they have not always been able to demonstrate good agreement between different observers ( Wells 1979 ) .
in spite of the considerable popularity of tough 's [structure] , she has not subjected the specific strategies to a rigorous examination of reliability and , when other researchers have attempted to replicate her work , they have not always been able to demonstrate good agreement between different observers ( wells 1979 ) .

Of much greater significance is construct validity — that is , the extent to which the test items are consistent with contemporary linguistic theories , and how far results are interpretable within the conceptual framework provided by those theories .
of much greater significance is construct validity — that is , the extent to which the test items are consistent with contemporary linguistic theories , and how far results are interpretable within the conceptual [structure] provided by those theories .

Political power could create the institutional framework necessary for free criticism , including things like laboratories , periodicals and congresses .
political power could create the institutional [structure] necessary for free criticism , including things like laboratories , periodicals and congresses .

In developing ‘ critical theory ’ the writers of this group confronted the social role of knowledge and ideology using a framework for analysis and an approach very different from that of the sociology of knowledge .
in developing ‘ critical theory ’ the writers of this group confronted the social role of knowledge and ideology using a [structure] for analysis and an approach very different from that of the sociology of knowledge .

There is a tendency in Habermas 's theoretical framework to reduce communicative competence to ‘ norms ’ which threatens to preclude a critical account of the social production and reproduction of those norms which the critique of ideology traditionally proposes . Giddens comments that Habermas 's emphasis upon the normative components of interaction is ‘ surprisingly close ’ to Parson 's functionalism :
there is a tendency in habermas 's theoretical [structure] to reduce communicative competence to ‘ norms ’ which threatens to preclude a critical account of the social production and reproduction of those norms which the critique of ideology traditionally proposes . giddens comments that habermas 's emphasis upon the normative components of interaction is ‘ surprisingly close ’ to parson 's functionalism :

In general though , with the theory of communicative action , Habermas is withdrawing from critical theory including the critique of ideology which he suggests has ‘ become dull ’ within an inadequate metatheoretical framework ( Habermas 1987a : 202 ) .
in general though , with the theory of communicative action , habermas is withdrawing from critical theory including the critique of ideology which he suggests has ‘ become dull ’ within an inadequate metatheoretical [structure] ( habermas 1987a : 202 ) .

Habermas 's early analyses of ideology in relation to rationality and legitimation seemed to build on Marx 's theory of ideology within a framework of critique .
habermas 's early analyses of ideology in relation to rationality and legitimation seemed to build on marx 's theory of ideology within a [structure] of critique .

All-glass tanks are available in a wide range of shapes and sizes some so huge that it is easy to doubt that such a fragile framework , only held together with silicone sealant and weighing anything up to 1000 kilos ( 2000 lb ) or more when filled and stocked , is capable of withstanding all the pressure without collapsing .
all-glass tanks are available in a wide range of shapes and sizes some so huge that it is easy to doubt that such a fragile [structure] , only held together with silicone sealant and weighing anything up to 1000 kilos ( 2000 lb ) or more when filled and stocked , is capable of withstanding all the pressure without collapsing .

There is no consensus on the nature of the formal data model which is necessary to provide an integrated framework for data structuring and manipulation .
there is no consensus on the nature of the formal data model which is necessary to provide an integrated [structure] for data structuring and manipulation .

However , a data model does provide a rigorous framework within which an application can be developed .
however , a data model does provide a rigorous [structure] within which an application can be developed .

At Newcastle , the need to provide a conceptual framework for the machine to assist the human in his data-base searching and navigation was recognized in 1987 [ 16 ] with a prototype implementation of the recording of trails in data-base tables as persistent data fully integrated with the hyper-text data .
at newcastle , the need to provide a conceptual [structure] for the machine to assist the human in his data-base searching and navigation was recognized in 1987 [ 16 ] with a prototype implementation of the recording of trails in data-base tables as persistent data fully integrated with the hyper-text data .

This hierarchy provides the framework upon which textual units are dynamically aggregated to satisfy varying user requirements .
this hierarchy provides the [structure] upon which textual units are dynamically aggregated to satisfy varying user requirements .

Status consciousness , as applied to male/female speech differences , is a construct that tries to squash everything into the one-dimensional framework of class ; to the extent that other things are relevant it therefore fails .
status consciousness , as applied to male/female speech differences , is a construct that tries to squash everything into the one-dimensional [structure] of class ; to the extent that other things are relevant it therefore fails .

This sets the framework for doing a bio-psychosocial assessment , using multidisciplinary knowledge from other professionals to piece together the impact of recent events on a particular family network .
this sets the [structure] for doing a bio-psychosocial assessment , using multidisciplinary knowledge from other professionals to piece together the impact of recent events on a particular family network .

This statutory framework will be discussed in Chapter 3 .
this statutory [structure] will be discussed in chapter 3 .

It may seem risky to start investing so much time and effort to obtain a better quality of life for a person at the margin of coping , but once the framework of social care planning has been established other aspects of social work and health service provision can be woven in .
it may seem risky to start investing so much time and effort to obtain a better quality of life for a person at the margin of coping , but once the [structure] of social care planning has been established other aspects of social work and health service provision can be woven in .

The previous chapter set out the framework for social work intervention for a social services department .
the previous chapter set out the [structure] for social work intervention for a social services department .

The legal framework within which services for elderly people must be provided is less extensive than that for child care .
the legal [structure] within which services for elderly people must be provided is less extensive than that for child care .

The framework for services in Northern Ireland arose through the integration of health and personal services in 1973 , reorganising these services into four joint boards .
the [structure] for services in northern ireland arose through the integration of health and personal services in 1973 , reorganising these services into four joint boards .

In a review of the legal framework for intervention in elder abuse ( Age Concern , 1986 , pp. 32–7 ) it was made explicit that : ‘ Social service departments have very few statutory responsibilities towards elderly people , very few powers to protect , none to represent and limited resources to help ’ ( Age Concern , 1986 , p. 34 ) .
in a review of the legal [structure] for intervention in elder abuse ( age concern , 1986 , pp. 32–7 ) it was made explicit that : ‘ social service departments have very few statutory responsibilities towards elderly people , very few powers to protect , none to represent and limited resources to help ’ ( age concern , 1986 , p. 34 ) .

Alternative types of direct social work are examined in which a framework is offered for the worker to plan the interaction .
alternative types of direct social work are examined in which a [structure] is offered for the worker to plan the interaction .

The aspects of direct social work which reflect the organisational framework have been examined , case management in Chapter 2 and statutory social work in Chapter 3 .
the aspects of direct social work which reflect the organisational [structure] have been examined , case management in chapter 2 and statutory social work in chapter 3 .

To help a social worker clear a framework for how to proceed in family work some theoretical ideas may be helpful .
to help a social worker clear a [structure] for how to proceed in family work some theoretical ideas may be helpful .

‘ Demarcation between Community and national powers , in line with the principle of subsidiarity , is only possible within the framework of European union .
‘ demarcation between community and national powers , in line with the principle of subsidiarity , is only possible within the [structure] of european union .

Mr Lamont added : ‘ Low inflation , tight control of public spending , open markets , competition — these are the principles of the Government 's strategy and they provide the right framework for economic growth .
mr lamont added : ‘ low inflation , tight control of public spending , open markets , competition — these are the principles of the government 's strategy and they provide the right [structure] for economic growth .

Mr Lamont claimed his Autumn Statement meant the framework for growth was in place and had been well received by businesses .
mr lamont claimed his autumn statement meant the [structure] for growth was in place and had been well received by businesses .

The Guinness Affair aroused serious public concern specifically about the government 's competition policy , but more generally about self-regulation in the City , leading to calls for statutory framework .
the guinness affair aroused serious public concern specifically about the government 's competition policy , but more generally about self-regulation in the city , leading to calls for statutory [structure] .

The problems of choosing an appropriate framework for any privatised natural monopoly have already been considered .
the problems of choosing an appropriate [structure] for any privatised natural monopoly have already been considered .

Public concern about the privatisation of another energy supplier , British Gas , as a monopoly , coupled with a relatively weak regulatory framework , put pressure on ministers to ensure that this situation was not repeated .
public concern about the privatisation of another energy supplier , british gas , as a monopoly , coupled with a relatively weak regulatory [structure] , put pressure on ministers to ensure that this situation was not repeated .

In order to meet this danger , the government has introduced a regulatory framework in some cases .
in order to meet this danger , the government has introduced a regulatory [structure] in some cases .

It has stressed the need for personal and family responsibility within a framework of the local community or neighbourhood .
it has stressed the need for personal and family responsibility within a [structure] of the local community or neighbourhood .

David Kern , NatWest 's chief economist , lashed out at the Government for a ‘ lack of a coherent framework for monetary policy ’ .
david kern , natwest 's chief economist , lashed out at the government for a ‘ lack of a coherent [structure] for monetary policy ’ .

The connection between politics and business — and by business we mean the entire framework of peaceful commerce upon which the prosperity of this country depends — appears to be ignored , or , at least , treated with indifference and something like contempt .
the connection between politics and business — and by business we mean the entire [structure] of peaceful commerce upon which the prosperity of this country depends — appears to be ignored , or , at least , treated with indifference and something like contempt .

The watertight skin and deck were put on over this closely spaced framework of ribs and beams in the form of planks , nearly as thick as they were wide , which ran longitudinally at right-angles to the ribs .
the watertight skin and deck were put on over this closely spaced [structure] of ribs and beams in the form of planks , nearly as thick as they were wide , which ran longitudinally at right-angles to the ribs .

In the circumstances , a construction of fabric over a wire-braced framework of wood or bamboo was logical and efficient , and sometimes , nothing else would have got off the ground with the power available .
in the circumstances , a construction of fabric over a wire-braced [structure] of wood or bamboo was logical and efficient , and sometimes , nothing else would have got off the ground with the power available .

However , the Department of Trade and Industry and the Building Societies Commission have accepted representations from the industry that additional disclosure requirements should be developed outside the statutory framework , through Statements of Recommended Practice .
however , the department of trade and industry and the building societies commission have accepted representations from the industry that additional disclosure requirements should be developed outside the statutory [structure] , through statements of recommended practice .

Some commentators even suggest that the code should be put within a legal framework .
some commentators even suggest that the code should be put within a legal [structure] .

It should be emphasised that in India metaphysics , or that which is beyond the measurement , and therefore clarification of physics as a scientific discipline , is never merely abstract speculation but serves as a theoretical framework supporting a body of spiritual discipline .
it should be emphasised that in india metaphysics , or that which is beyond the measurement , and therefore clarification of physics as a scientific discipline , is never merely abstract speculation but serves as a theoretical [structure] supporting a body of spiritual discipline .

With such a framework of authority , which is clearly a top-down one , objectives and targets can be set for managers , and indeed all in the enterprise .
with such a [structure] of authority , which is clearly a top-down one , objectives and targets can be set for managers , and indeed all in the enterprise .

With a military model of management in his mind , the individual manager is working on the assumption that conflict within the ‘ ranks ’ , so to speak , is impossible because all the jobs and statuses have been defined and all who take roles within that framework will be committed to maintaining the order of the enterprise which is engaged in ‘ battle ’ with a hostile environment , which is persecuting in its demands .
with a military model of management in his mind , the individual manager is working on the assumption that conflict within the ‘ ranks ’ , so to speak , is impossible because all the jobs and statuses have been defined and all who take roles within that [structure] will be committed to maintaining the order of the enterprise which is engaged in ‘ battle ’ with a hostile environment , which is persecuting in its demands .

My findings emphasize the importance of distinguishing among different types of offences , and point to the futility of seeking to interpret all crime within a single framework .
my findings emphasize the importance of distinguishing among different types of offences , and point to the futility of seeking to interpret all crime within a single [structure] .

The body framework was made of teak with mahogany panelling and walnut interior panelling .
the body [structure] was made of teak with mahogany panelling and walnut interior panelling .

In relation to corporate governance and in the different field of financial reporting , the legal framework is less restrictive and allows much more opportunity for organic development .
in relation to corporate governance and in the different field of financial reporting , the legal [structure] is less restrictive and allows much more opportunity for organic development .

‘ They must be free to drive their companies forward , but exercise that freedom within a framework of effective accountability , ’ the Committee stressed in its final report .
‘ they must be free to drive their companies forward , but exercise that freedom within a [structure] of effective accountability , ’ the committee stressed in its final report .

However , it appeared that the other proposals would provide a comprehensive framework for accounting for shares , debts and the costs relating thereto , and so there seemed no need to proceed with this proposal .
however , it appeared that the other proposals would provide a comprehensive [structure] for accounting for shares , debts and the costs relating thereto , and so there seemed no need to proceed with this proposal .

But ‘ before the role and scope of audit can be widened to respond to the needs of ‘ stakeholders ’ in companies , a solution must be found to the financial threat posed by risks to auditing firms arising from litigation in the current legal framework .
but ‘ before the role and scope of audit can be widened to respond to the needs of ‘ stakeholders ’ in companies , a solution must be found to the financial threat posed by risks to auditing firms arising from litigation in the current legal [structure] .

Not surprisingly , the paper says , the responses indicated that ‘ the present scope of the audit and the legal framework in which it is conducted militate against auditors successfully meeting the needs of shareholders and others with an interest in the audit process ’ .
not surprisingly , the paper says , the responses indicated that ‘ the present scope of the audit and the legal [structure] in which it is conducted militate against auditors successfully meeting the needs of shareholders and others with an interest in the audit process ’ .

‘ The limited status limits our liability , ’ says Mr Quarmby , ‘ and gives us a legal framework .
‘ the limited status limits our liability , ’ says mr quarmby , ‘ and gives us a legal [structure] .

The working party , which drafted the consultative document , believes that the proposed framework will prevent the potential fragmentation of the Institute 's membership : ‘ The vision of an integrated range of post-qualification , professional development , leading in some cases to voluntary specialised qualifications , could be a powerful unifying force , bringing together all members , whatever their jobs and interests , behind a programme of high quality financially oriented specialist training that is relevant throughout their careers . ’
the working party , which drafted the consultative document , believes that the proposed [structure] will prevent the potential fragmentation of the institute 's membership : ‘ the vision of an integrated range of post-qualification , professional development , leading in some cases to voluntary specialised qualifications , could be a powerful unifying force , bringing together all members , whatever their jobs and interests , behind a programme of high quality financially oriented specialist training that is relevant throughout their careers . ’

Martyn Jones of Touche Ross stressed that there ‘ needs to be a practical framework created ’ to support the legislative requirements , and that auditors ‘ will have to look very carefully at the guidance ’ that emerges .
martyn jones of touche ross stressed that there ‘ needs to be a practical [structure] created ’ to support the legislative requirements , and that auditors ‘ will have to look very carefully at the guidance ’ that emerges .

Mr Hicks ' framework is well presented but much travelled by many companies , set on improving the quality of cost information based on sound and robust examples .
mr hicks ' [structure] is well presented but much travelled by many companies , set on improving the quality of cost information based on sound and robust examples .

After Bishop Seffrid consecrated the completed building in 1184 , it was severely damaged by fire in 1187 and had to be substantially reconstructed , using the existing framework .
after bishop seffrid consecrated the completed building in 1184 , it was severely damaged by fire in 1187 and had to be substantially reconstructed , using the existing [structure] .

The legal framework for the move to a national lottery will be unveiled this week in what Government insiders call ‘ a Christmas present to the nation ’ .
the legal [structure] for the move to a national lottery will be unveiled this week in what government insiders call ‘ a christmas present to the nation ’ .

In this way , the more specific question would be related to a more comprehensive framework of conceptual evaluation , and particular techniques seen to be realizations of more general principles of teaching .
in this way , the more specific question would be related to a more comprehensive [structure] of conceptual evaluation , and particular techniques seen to be realizations of more general principles of teaching .

He determined the framework and the broad outline , brought 10 specialists with him and acquired a small bureau operation Howden did not want any more .
he determined the [structure] and the broad outline , brought 10 specialists with him and acquired a small bureau operation howden did not want any more .

The document contains a broad outline of the existing legal and regulatory framework for pension schemes , and a more detailed look at the issues on which the Committee is seeking views .
the document contains a broad outline of the existing legal and regulatory [structure] for pension schemes , and a more detailed look at the issues on which the committee is seeking views .

The use and abuse of graphs in annual reports : theoretical framework and empirical study — Vivien Beattie and Michael John Jones .
the use and abuse of graphs in annual reports : theoretical [structure] and empirical study — vivien beattie and michael john jones .

We can measure the success within this framework .
we can measure the success within this [structure] .

It is not a simulation but a framework within which top health and social services managers can review progress on real life community care issues
it is not a simulation but a [structure] within which top health and social services managers can review progress on real life community care issues

It is not a simulation but a framework within which top health and social services managers can review progress on real life community care issues , within their own agencies as well as jointly .
it is not a simulation but a [structure] within which top health and social services managers can review progress on real life community care issues , within their own agencies as well as jointly .

As well as a basic management framework , a variety of applications are required to suit different commercial environments , including change and configuration management , security management , inventory monitoring and analysis , client-server application management and operations management .
as well as a basic management [structure] , a variety of applications are required to suit different commercial environments , including change and configuration management , security management , inventory monitoring and analysis , client-server application management and operations management .

To get independent software vendors interested in its technology , Tivoli first had to get a system management framework and basic services established for applications to reside on .
to get independent software vendors interested in its technology , tivoli first had to get a system management [structure] and basic services established for applications to reside on .

The alternative layering models do not provide entirely convincing explanations of the basic ‘ cumulus ’ textures of layered rocks which are most simply interpreted as a framework of settled individual grains .
the alternative layering models do not provide entirely convincing explanations of the basic ‘ cumulus ’ textures of layered rocks which are most simply interpreted as a [structure] of settled individual grains .

4 turns out to be closed ballistic orbits , which provide the framework for comprehending the general orbital structure of any potential ; most orbits can be interpreted as epicyclic excursions ( ’ librations ' ) around an underlying stable closed orbit .
4 turns out to be closed ballistic orbits , which provide the [structure] for comprehending the general orbital structure of any potential ; most orbits can be interpreted as epicyclic excursions ( ’ librations ' ) around an underlying stable closed orbit .

Although this postclassical perspective contains some important modifications of the original classical position , it still retains its essential spirit as an explanatory framework .
although this postclassical perspective contains some important modifications of the original classical position , it still retains its essential spirit as an explanatory [structure] .

‘ All they have been able to look at is the basic framework , ’ Townsend told Community Care after the inspectors ended their five-day visit on Monday of this week .
‘ all they have been able to look at is the basic [structure] , ’ townsend told community care after the inspectors ended their five-day visit on monday of this week .

The first session is used for introductions and for setting up a framework for the course .
the first session is used for introductions and for setting up a [structure] for the course .

They are not well developed in terms of a national framework , compared with social workers and occupational therapists .
they are not well developed in terms of a national [structure] , compared with social workers and occupational therapists .

In traditional trade theory , rules set a framework within which the market , and not governments , determines what amounts of goods and services are sold in any territory .
in traditional trade theory , rules set a [structure] within which the market , and not governments , determines what amounts of goods and services are sold in any territory .

Previously , the Palestinians refused to discuss details before determining an overall framework for a settlement .
previously , the palestinians refused to discuss details before determining an overall [structure] for a settlement .

Thus the generation of the framework of British child welfare legislation never derived simply from the interests of the child ; instead the dominant force was the need for social regulation .
thus the generation of the [structure] of british child welfare legislation never derived simply from the interests of the child ; instead the dominant force was the need for social regulation .

The consequence of this is that public services designed to develop the potential of children and to safeguard their health and welfare must aim for an approach which incorporates the concept of partnership at its core , and that the legal framework relating to intervention in families should recognise and encourage this sense of partnership .
the consequence of this is that public services designed to develop the potential of children and to safeguard their health and welfare must aim for an approach which incorporates the concept of partnership at its core , and that the legal [structure] relating to intervention in families should recognise and encourage this sense of partnership .

It is , of course , nothing new to propose that the legal framework of child welfare and professional intervention should reflect the need to work with , rather than against , families . As the government circular explaining the 1948 Children Act ( Circular 48/160 ) put it :
it is , of course , nothing new to propose that the legal [structure] of child welfare and professional intervention should reflect the need to work with , rather than against , families . as the government circular explaining the 1948 children act ( circular 48/160 ) put it :

The potential emphasis in the legislative framework on permissive intervention , implying the co-operation of families in ensuring the adequate care of their children , relates primarily to services designed to prevent the need for admission to care .
the potential emphasis in the legislative [structure] on permissive intervention , implying the co-operation of families in ensuring the adequate care of their children , relates primarily to services designed to prevent the need for admission to care .

In its practical implementation by public authorities , the legislative framework may well give some scope for recognising the potential of family care prior to care .
in its practical implementation by public authorities , the legislative [structure] may well give some scope for recognising the potential of family care prior to care .

Our argument is therefore that evidence about the changing nature of family life , about the characteristics of present-day parenting , and about the views of clients , points to a clear need to review both the legal/moral framework governing state intervention in the lives of families and the professional practice of those working in child care .
our argument is therefore that evidence about the changing nature of family life , about the characteristics of present-day parenting , and about the views of clients , points to a clear need to review both the legal/moral [structure] governing state intervention in the lives of families and the professional practice of those working in child care .

If the ‘ kinship ’ school may be located within the broader framework of a power or class analysis of society , the ‘ society-as-parent ’ supporters might be defined as belonging more to what might be termed a ‘ personal .
if the ‘ kinship ’ school may be located within the broader [structure] of a power or class analysis of society , the ‘ society-as-parent ’ supporters might be defined as belonging more to what might be termed a ‘ personal .

Two value positions in child care have been defined , which differ on questions of child psychology , child care policy and the broader social framework in which child care policy is located .
two value positions in child care have been defined , which differ on questions of child psychology , child care policy and the broader social [structure] in which child care policy is located .

It is these survival techniques which provide the cultural and psychological framework that gives energy and support to black children .
it is these survival techniques which provide the cultural and psychological [structure] that gives energy and support to black children .

The procedural and organisational framework
the procedural and organisational [structure]

She and other teachers insisted on the right to attend these lessons , and were taken aback by what they perceived to be the absence of a moral framework in what was , as it turned out , an ‘ entirely factual ’ approach to sex education .
she and other teachers insisted on the right to attend these lessons , and were taken aback by what they perceived to be the absence of a moral [structure] in what was , as it turned out , an ‘ entirely factual ’ approach to sex education .

The book 's candid discussion of sexual matters , the fact that it was aimed at children as young as eight , and the lack of a Christian moral framework — as well as its perceived ‘ revolutionary ’ nature which will be discussed later — all therefore contributed to its downfall .
the book 's candid discussion of sexual matters , the fact that it was aimed at children as young as eight , and the lack of a christian moral [structure] — as well as its perceived ‘ revolutionary ’ nature which will be discussed later — all therefore contributed to its downfall .

Even Mr Alphandéry worries lest ‘ in the framework of ’ imply that French monetary policy will still be subjugated to politicians ' general economic objectives .
even mr alphandéry worries lest ‘ in the [structure] of ’ imply that french monetary policy will still be subjugated to politicians ' general economic objectives .

It also creates a new framework for further and continuing education where marketing , effective performance and an appropriate response to community needs are increasingly important .
it also creates a new [structure] for further and continuing education where marketing , effective performance and an appropriate response to community needs are increasingly important .

This broad view offers a wider concept of ‘ integration ’ than the narrow educational framework which predominantly confines debate in this area .
this broad view offers a wider concept of ‘ integration ’ than the narrow educational [structure] which predominantly confines debate in this area .

In the curriculum framework for students with severe disabilities called Transition to Adulthood , Hutchinson and Tennyson ( 1986 ) acknowledge that , despite the title of their curriculum and their aim of extending choice , their actual capacity to change current opportunities for students on completion of the programme is negligible .
in the curriculum [structure] for students with severe disabilities called transition to adulthood , hutchinson and tennyson ( 1986 ) acknowledge that , despite the title of their curriculum and their aim of extending choice , their actual capacity to change current opportunities for students on completion of the programme is negligible .

Within this framework , ‘ transition ’ becomes a new form of responsibility and awareness , a way of viewing the situation .
within this [structure] , ‘ transition ’ becomes a new form of responsibility and awareness , a way of viewing the situation .

Health service staff and managers are still developing the new skills and the framework necessary to offer a quality community care service .
health service staff and managers are still developing the new skills and the [structure] necessary to offer a quality community care service .

On face value the Act formalises a cooperative framework .
on face value the act formalises a cooperative [structure] .

From the perspectives of both professionals and parents the attempt to build a cooperative framework directed towards meeting John 's needs had broken down .
from the perspectives of both professionals and parents the attempt to build a cooperative [structure] directed towards meeting john 's needs had broken down .

Cooperation with the professionals required acceptance of the framework within which John 's needs had been professionally cast : that it was their deficits as parents which had created John 's needs .
cooperation with the professionals required acceptance of the [structure] within which john 's needs had been professionally cast : that it was their deficits as parents which had created john 's needs .

The main feature of this discourse was that George 's needs were conceptualised within the framework of the teachers ' perceptions of their own needs : in particular the threat George was seen as presenting to order and discipline within the school .
the main feature of this discourse was that george 's needs were conceptualised within the [structure] of the teachers ' perceptions of their own needs : in particular the threat george was seen as presenting to order and discipline within the school .

In both cases the parents ' resignation to the inevitability of the assessment outcome arose from their having no opportunity to determine or seriously influence the objectives of the assessment nor to contribute to the conceptual framework within which their children 's needs were being assessed .
in both cases the parents ' resignation to the inevitability of the assessment outcome arose from their having no opportunity to determine or seriously influence the objectives of the assessment nor to contribute to the conceptual [structure] within which their children 's needs were being assessed .

In her eyes , she could only do so by stepping outside the framework imposed by the Act .
in her eyes , she could only do so by stepping outside the [structure] imposed by the act .

The learning that can be prescribed , they say , can only at the most be a framework within which a vast amount of day-to-day scope for creativity and choice must remain .
the learning that can be prescribed , they say , can only at the most be a [structure] within which a vast amount of day-to-day scope for creativity and choice must remain .

It is only from the vantage point of a better framework that previously unforeseen opportunities open up , and the previously unacknowledged costs of resignation and entrenchment become visible .
it is only from the vantage point of a better [structure] that previously unforeseen opportunities open up , and the previously unacknowledged costs of resignation and entrenchment become visible .

As an adjunct to assertion and challenge it is vital for teachers , both individually and collectively , within the school and externally , to be able to clarify the whole structure of the demand/limitation framework within which they are working .
as an adjunct to assertion and challenge it is vital for teachers , both individually and collectively , within the school and externally , to be able to clarify the whole structure of the demand/limitation [structure] within which they are working .

Peter thought it best to start with the diary because it provided a chronological framework .
peter thought it best to start with the diary because it provided a chronological [structure] .

Liberty for Anselm never meant freedom of individual choice ; in the monastic life it meant only freedom to follow the Rule within a local framework authoritatively laid down .
liberty for anselm never meant freedom of individual choice ; in the monastic life it meant only freedom to follow the rule within a local [structure] authoritatively laid down .

He would allow no exceptions to this fundamental rule ; but he did not exclude growth within a framework authoritatively established , and he could help to reshape the future through the men whom he chose as prior .
he would allow no exceptions to this fundamental rule ; but he did not exclude growth within a [structure] authoritatively established , and he could help to reshape the future through the men whom he chose as prior .

Economic questions have been left largely to social policy analysts to look at , and much of their writing has been placed squarely within a radical framework often described by the term ‘ the political economy of ageing ’ .
economic questions have been left largely to social policy analysts to look at , and much of their writing has been placed squarely within a radical [structure] often described by the term ‘ the political economy of ageing ’ .

Valeriy Kulishov , advisor to the Russian Minister for Culture on restitution matters and member of the Restitution Commission , told The Art Newspaper : ‘ The talk at the Dresden meeting was to a large extent about a legal basis , and the protocol of the meeting itself is a kind of ‘ framework ’ agreement .
valeriy kulishov , advisor to the russian minister for culture on restitution matters and member of the restitution commission , told the art newspaper : ‘ the talk at the dresden meeting was to a large extent about a legal basis , and the protocol of the meeting itself is a kind of ‘ [structure] ’ agreement .

The Russians , on the other hand , believe that the legal framework should be considerably broader , with the whole range of international agreements and conventions applied .
the russians , on the other hand , believe that the legal [structure] should be considerably broader , with the whole range of international agreements and conventions applied .

It seems clear that Britain at least did not envisage any institutional structures beyond this , yet some form of framework would have been necessary if all the objectives of the treaty were to be properly fulfilled .
it seems clear that britain at least did not envisage any institutional structures beyond this , yet some form of [structure] would have been necessary if all the objectives of the treaty were to be properly fulfilled .

Any international body could minimally agree to a framework of discussion and agreement .
any international body could minimally agree to a [structure] of discussion and agreement .

The most radical innovations towards integration that were to come later were initiated outside the framework of the Council and its Committee of Ministers .
the most radical innovations towards integration that were to come later were initiated outside the [structure] of the council and its committee of ministers .

The treaty would be administered through an institutional framework .
the treaty would be administered through an institutional [structure] .

And it is more than just a dictionary — the extensive cross-references lead the reader from one subject to another , and the thematic index provides a framework for studying topics .
and it is more than just a dictionary — the extensive cross-references lead the reader from one subject to another , and the thematic index provides a [structure] for studying topics .

This section outlines the theoretical background to the topic in question , and provides a conceptual framework for the tasks in the following two sections .
this section outlines the theoretical background to the topic in question , and provides a conceptual [structure] for the tasks in the following two sections .

The second part considers how the conceptual framework relates to published teaching materials and classroom activities .
the second part considers how the conceptual [structure] relates to published teaching materials and classroom activities .

Writing presents a range of writing tasks within a framework of current thinking on the process of writing .
writing presents a range of writing tasks within a [structure] of current thinking on the process of writing .

Project English gives the experienced and confident teacher maximum scope while providing a clear and supportive framework for the less experienced teacher to try out new techniques .
project english gives the experienced and confident teacher maximum scope while providing a clear and supportive [structure] for the less experienced teacher to try out new techniques .

It allows learners to be creative within a carefully controlled language framework .
it allows learners to be creative within a carefully controlled language [structure] .

Teachers need high-quality materials to provide a framework for their own specific teaching situations and individual styles .
teachers need high-quality materials to provide a [structure] for their own specific teaching situations and individual styles .

Evidently the attainment of an ordered world consonant with divine laws remained the ideological framework of antislavery .
evidently the attainment of an ordered world consonant with divine laws remained the ideological [structure] of antislavery .

The religious developments sketched in chapter 1 also in part expressed these tensions while providing a framework — without offering simply and divisively political answers — within which anxieties expressed through the issues of the slave trade and slavery could be handled .
the religious developments sketched in chapter 1 also in part expressed these tensions while providing a [structure] — without offering simply and divisively political answers — within which anxieties expressed through the issues of the slave trade and slavery could be handled .

Within the framework of the activities of the African Institution Stephen and Zachary Macaulay had a considerable impact on the formulation of legislation and policy for the suppression of the slave trade and its execution .
within the [structure] of the activities of the african institution stephen and zachary macaulay had a considerable impact on the formulation of legislation and policy for the suppression of the slave trade and its execution .

Although the chapel communities of Rational Dissent , largely identified with Unitarianism by the early nineteenth century , were fiercely proud of their constitutional autonomy , there was a framework of cultural institutions which drew them together in book societies , college trusts and publishing networks .
although the chapel communities of rational dissent , largely identified with unitarianism by the early nineteenth century , were fiercely proud of their constitutional autonomy , there was a [structure] of cultural institutions which drew them together in book societies , college trusts and publishing networks .

These hierarchies supplied the ( God-given ) structure of society , the framework within which each individual found his appointed place and travelled on his path towards heaven ( or hell ) .
these hierarchies supplied the ( god-given ) structure of society , the [structure] within which each individual found his appointed place and travelled on his path towards heaven ( or hell ) .

This is not to say that his own particular method of synthesising them was necessarily valid , but it does underline the extent to which the modern problems spring from the disintegration of the medieval framework .
this is not to say that his own particular method of synthesising them was necessarily valid , but it does underline the extent to which the modern problems spring from the disintegration of the medieval [structure] .

Further — and this was where Kant moved decidedly beyond Hume and everyone else before him — even the most fundamental categories which we use to supply the framework of our knowledge of the world , those of space and time , must be set in this light .
further — and this was where kant moved decidedly beyond hume and everyone else before him — even the most fundamental categories which we use to supply the [structure] of our knowledge of the world , those of space and time , must be set in this light .

Both of these are of course present in Schleiermacher too ; but they do not supply the framework of his system as they do for Ritschl .
both of these are of course present in schleiermacher too ; but they do not supply the [structure] of his system as they do for ritschl .

And it is itself always also paradoxical , for it discloses what can not be scaled down to be contained , proved , measured , demonstrated or explained within the framework of finite human reasoning .
and it is itself always also paradoxical , for it discloses what can not be scaled down to be contained , proved , measured , demonstrated or explained within the [structure] of finite human reasoning .

Without it , too , there was no longer a clear chronological framework within which to set and arrange the events and stages of Jesus ' ministry ; for most of the indications of dates and journeys are in it .
without it , too , there was no longer a clear chronological [structure] within which to set and arrange the events and stages of jesus ' ministry ; for most of the indications of dates and journeys are in it .

Weiss found that the kingdom Jesus preached belonged in the apocalyptic , eschatological framework of contemporary Jewish thought .
weiss found that the kingdom jesus preached belonged in the apocalyptic , eschatological [structure] of contemporary jewish thought .

So the doctrine of the Trinity is presented as intrinsically bound up with the incarnation of the eternal Son as Jesus Christ , and as supplying the ultimate framework for a theology centred and focused in him .
so the doctrine of the trinity is presented as intrinsically bound up with the incarnation of the eternal son as jesus christ , and as supplying the ultimate [structure] for a theology centred and focused in him .

But all this is contained in a framework which , in its clarity and essential simplicity , has reminded many commentators of Barth 's passionate fondness for Mozart .
but all this is contained in a [structure] which , in its clarity and essential simplicity , has reminded many commentators of barth 's passionate fondness for mozart .

The basic framework of that popular culture was fairly obvious for urban workers not only lived close together in distinctive communities but had also begun to pick up the rudiments of an education and they had both savings and time to spare .
the basic [structure] of that popular culture was fairly obvious for urban workers not only lived close together in distinctive communities but had also begun to pick up the rudiments of an education and they had both savings and time to spare .

In many respects Griffith was a conventional story-teller and melodrama was always really the framework of his themes .
in many respects griffith was a conventional story-teller and melodrama was always really the [structure] of his themes .

The knowledge is adaptive when it can be fitted into an already existing framework within the individual but allows an extension of his capabilities .
the knowledge is adaptive when it can be fitted into an already existing [structure] within the individual but allows an extension of his capabilities .

In these circumstances , our developing knowledge of interpreting and language in general is critical in providing a framework for evaluating interpreter effectiveness and understanding the process in which he has to be trained .
in these circumstances , our developing knowledge of interpreting and language in general is critical in providing a [structure] for evaluating interpreter effectiveness and understanding the process in which he has to be trained .

In addition , evaluation within a Piagetian framework has led Furth ( 1966 ) to claim that cognitive skills are similar in deaf children , given equivalent exposure to the task requirements .
in addition , evaluation within a piagetian [structure] has led furth ( 1966 ) to claim that cognitive skills are similar in deaf children , given equivalent exposure to the task requirements .

More recently there have been attempts to fit a transformational grammar framework to the written production of deaf children ( Ivimey , 1976 ) .
more recently there have been attempts to fit a transformational grammar [structure] to the written production of deaf children ( ivimey , 1976 ) .

Adding insulation to the inner face of exterior walls involves either fixing thermal board ( plasterboard with a rigid foam backing and a built-in vapour barrier ) directly to the wall surfaces with a panel adhesive , or putting up a framework of battens with blanket insulation between them , and adding a layer of vapour-check plasterboard on top .
adding insulation to the inner face of exterior walls involves either fixing thermal board ( plasterboard with a rigid foam backing and a built-in vapour barrier ) directly to the wall surfaces with a panel adhesive , or putting up a [structure] of battens with blanket insulation between them , and adding a layer of vapour-check plasterboard on top .

Finally , all decorative joinery — hardwood door and porch framework — was treated with Weather Shield Exterior Woodstain .
finally , all decorative joinery — hardwood door and porch [structure] — was treated with weather shield exterior woodstain .

Use this as a guide , adjusting length to suit ( 1m is practical ) . Use 50×50mm timber for framework , 150×25mm boards for seat , 100×25mm for back
use this as a guide , adjusting length to suit ( 1m is practical ) . use 50×50mm timber for [structure] , 150×25mm boards for seat , 100×25mm for back

You can provide a framework for winter and summer boxes with perennial plants like conifers , which give height and shape ; small-leaved decorative ivies , which soften edges and can add colour with variegated leaves ; or one of the variegated vincas such as v minor Aureo-variegata or v major Elegantissima , which have the added bonus of blue flowers from March .
you can provide a [structure] for winter and summer boxes with perennial plants like conifers , which give height and shape ; small-leaved decorative ivies , which soften edges and can add colour with variegated leaves ; or one of the variegated vincas such as v minor aureo-variegata or v major elegantissima , which have the added bonus of blue flowers from march .

Learning through first-hand experience provides the framework into which information obtained in other ways ( from books , television and radio ) can be fitted .
learning through first-hand experience provides the [structure] into which information obtained in other ways ( from books , television and radio ) can be fitted .

There are some ( politicians and academics ) who believe that it is essential to give a more formal framework to our primary schools .
there are some ( politicians and academics ) who believe that it is essential to give a more formal [structure] to our primary schools .

There was no suggestion that the documents which were produced in this process would be used to provide the framework of a centralised curriculum .
there was no suggestion that the documents which were produced in this process would be used to provide the [structure] of a centralised curriculum .

It has inevitably to be exercised within a wider framework that takes account of the general interests of the community , both local and national , in the education process .
it has inevitably to be exercised within a wider [structure] that takes account of the general interests of the community , both local and national , in the education process .

There must be a framework within which their learning ( incidental and guided ) is supported and directed .
there must be a [structure] within which their learning ( incidental and guided ) is supported and directed .

Whenever possible , Ministerial intervention is achieved through negotiation ( rather than through detailed legislative powers ) and by the use of fiat , circulars and regulations permitted within the legislative framework .
whenever possible , ministerial intervention is achieved through negotiation ( rather than through detailed legislative powers ) and by the use of fiat , circulars and regulations permitted within the legislative [structure] .

The sorry thing about teacher training is that it remains within such a restricting framework .
the sorry thing about teacher training is that it remains within such a restricting [structure] .

The School Framework
the school [structure]

As the last extracts indicate , schools and teaching exist in a social framework .
as the last extracts indicate , schools and teaching exist in a social [structure] .

That framework shapes the broad conditions in which they operate and more specifically lays down both what is expected of them and under what circumstances and with what resources they go about achieving those goals .
that [structure] shapes the broad conditions in which they operate and more specifically lays down both what is expected of them and under what circumstances and with what resources they go about achieving those goals .

The broad social framework underlies the specific problems which education policy attempts to tackle .
the broad social [structure] underlies the specific problems which education policy attempts to tackle .

In the third explanatory framework , teachers ' attitudes rather than their knowledge are described as crucial .
in the third explanatory [structure] , teachers ' attitudes rather than their knowledge are described as crucial .

The final explanatory framework is quite different .
the final explanatory [structure] is quite different .

Closely related to these contrasting emphases regarding the nature and parameters of the subject is the question of devising an appropriate , conceptual framework of analysis in industrial relations , as well as the extent to which this is explicitly grounded in theory .
closely related to these contrasting emphases regarding the nature and parameters of the subject is the question of devising an appropriate , conceptual [structure] of analysis in industrial relations , as well as the extent to which this is explicitly grounded in theory .

In addition to the need for identifying appropriate bench-marks and a suitable framework of analysis , we may also ask about the rationale for engaging in work within the field of comparative industrial relations .
in addition to the need for identifying appropriate bench-marks and a suitable [structure] of analysis , we may also ask about the rationale for engaging in work within the field of comparative industrial relations .

In the case of many of the former British territories in Africa they had something of a common industrial relations heritage built around an institutional framework in the British mould which was fostered by colonial administrations .
in the case of many of the former british territories in africa they had something of a common industrial relations heritage built around an institutional [structure] in the british mould which was fostered by colonial administrations .

However , in order to make meaningful comparisons more is needed than merely comparative information , since within any field of study theory is necessary both to provide a framework for the systematic analysis and accumulation of the existing stock of knowledge and to serve as a guide for the selection of research problems .
however , in order to make meaningful comparisons more is needed than merely comparative information , since within any field of study theory is necessary both to provide a [structure] for the systematic analysis and accumulation of the existing stock of knowledge and to serve as a guide for the selection of research problems .

Dore ( 1973 ) used this framework in a comparison of the contrasting employment systems in British and Japanese industry ; and Kobrin ( 1976 ) empirically tested the convergence thesis itself using cross-national research for more than 90 countries and found some support for it .
dore ( 1973 ) used this [structure] in a comparison of the contrasting employment systems in british and japanese industry ; and kobrin ( 1976 ) empirically tested the convergence thesis itself using cross-national research for more than 90 countries and found some support for it .

Many Australian unions have therefore lacked the industrial strength to be able to achieve their industrial aims outside the framework of the arbitration system ( Martin , 1975 ) .
many australian unions have therefore lacked the industrial strength to be able to achieve their industrial aims outside the [structure] of the arbitration system ( martin , 1975 ) .

And thirdly the inducement in some countries for employers to federate was as a result of actual or threatened state intervention in the employment relationship , or sometimes because of the growing complexities of the legislative framework under which employers had to operate .
and thirdly the inducement in some countries for employers to federate was as a result of actual or threatened state intervention in the employment relationship , or sometimes because of the growing complexities of the legislative [structure] under which employers had to operate .

At an even earlier date in Australia , the development of employers ' associations had been facilitated by government intervention and by the increasing complexity of the legislative , labour-management framework ( see Chapter 5 ) .
at an even earlier date in australia , the development of employers ' associations had been facilitated by government intervention and by the increasing complexity of the legislative , labour-management [structure] ( see chapter 5 ) .

In Sweden , for instance , a strong employers ' confederation enforced managerial prerogatives from the early years of the present century , prerogatives which were also supported by the legal framework until the law was changed in 1977 ( see Chapter 7 ) .
in sweden , for instance , a strong employers ' confederation enforced managerial prerogatives from the early years of the present century , prerogatives which were also supported by the legal [structure] until the law was changed in 1977 ( see chapter 7 ) .

Greater interest has been generated by bargaining structures which , as will be shown , establish the framework for the exercise of power within the labour market .
greater interest has been generated by bargaining structures which , as will be shown , establish the [structure] for the exercise of power within the labour market .

They do not usually break out suddenly from their traditional framework and veer off in a new direction .
they do not usually break out suddenly from their traditional [structure] and veer off in a new direction .

It may be that bargaining structures and processes can be more usefully approached within a broader framework as secondary , or intervening , variables which are themselves dependent upon more basic socio-economic forces within modern industrial societies ( Shalev , 1980 ) .
it may be that bargaining structures and processes can be more usefully approached within a broader [structure] as secondary , or intervening , variables which are themselves dependent upon more basic socio-economic forces within modern industrial societies ( shalev , 1980 ) .

First , in Britain the primary basis of relationships is centred on the workplace itself where unions and managements function largely autonomously with no substantive , external , regulative framework .
first , in britain the primary basis of relationships is centred on the workplace itself where unions and managements function largely autonomously with no substantive , external , regulative [structure] .

The basic framework can be of 75 x 50mm rough sawn timber , clad either side with sheet plasterboard .
the basic [structure] can be of 75 x 50mm rough sawn timber , clad either side with sheet plasterboard .

Our task would be to explain the relations between these different views within the large framework of the National Curriculum .
our task would be to explain the relations between these different views within the large [structure] of the national curriculum .

However , as part of a whole-school policy on language , teachers of English and of other languages ( and possibly of other subjects ) should meet and discuss what framework of description and which terms they propose to use in the school .
however , as part of a whole-school policy on language , teachers of english and of other languages ( and possibly of other subjects ) should meet and discuss what [structure] of description and which terms they propose to use in the school .

Teachers and textbook writers need a framework of understanding which ensures that they avoid underestimating the complex competence which all native speakers have in their mother tongue .
teachers and textbook writers need a [structure] of understanding which ensures that they avoid underestimating the complex competence which all native speakers have in their mother tongue .

True creativity in any art can best be developed within the framework of a thorough understanding of the nature and history of that art .
true creativity in any art can best be developed within the [structure] of a thorough understanding of the nature and history of that art .

Furthermore , drama is one of the key ways in which children can gain an understanding of themselves and of others , can gain confidence in themselves as decision-makers and problem-solvers , can learn to function collaboratively , and can explore — within a supportive framework — not only a range of human feelings , but also a whole spectrum of social situations and/or moral dilemmas .
furthermore , drama is one of the key ways in which children can gain an understanding of themselves and of others , can gain confidence in themselves as decision-makers and problem-solvers , can learn to function collaboratively , and can explore — within a supportive [structure] — not only a range of human feelings , but also a whole spectrum of social situations and/or moral dilemmas .

In particular they stressed that ‘ The framework [ for English ] should ensure , at the minimum , that all school-leavers are competent in the use of English — written and spoken — whether or not it is their first language .
in particular they stressed that ‘ the [structure] [ for english ] should ensure , at the minimum , that all school-leavers are competent in the use of english — written and spoken — whether or not it is their first language .

The old complex of varying types of credit law are , in the new Act , superseded by a single legal framework covering all types of consumer credit almost uniformly .
the old complex of varying types of credit law are , in the new act , superseded by a single legal [structure] covering all types of consumer credit almost uniformly .

An important stated purpose of the Act was to give a legal framework for credit which was compatible with present-day commercial realities , and flexible enough to suit rather than restrict future developments in the credit industry — instead of the old framework , inflexibly moulded to outdated patterns of credit use .
an important stated purpose of the act was to give a legal [structure] for credit which was compatible with present-day commercial realities , and flexible enough to suit rather than restrict future developments in the credit industry — instead of the old [structure] , inflexibly moulded to outdated patterns of credit use .

The material is cut to shape and fixed to a timber framework , itself fixed to the opening .
the material is cut to shape and fixed to a timber [structure] , itself fixed to the opening .

; or they can be installed in a corner , or in an alcove , with a surrounded flat fascia , in which case you 'll need to build a timber framework to support the niche and hold the fascia .
; or they can be installed in a corner , or in an alcove , with a surrounded flat fascia , in which case you 'll need to build a timber [structure] to support the niche and hold the fascia .

Individuals make their response not as one man islands , but within a framework of family , group , community and national involvements .
individuals make their response not as one man islands , but within a [structure] of family , group , community and national involvements .

Christians who adopt this conceptual framework recognise that within culture there are laws additional to those expressed by Jesus Christ which are also from God .
christians who adopt this conceptual [structure] recognise that within culture there are laws additional to those expressed by jesus christ which are also from god .

It weaves the societal framework which serves as a bridge to the next generation , preserving continuity and providing a wall against encroachment and disintegration .
it weaves the societal [structure] which serves as a bridge to the next generation , preserving continuity and providing a wall against encroachment and disintegration .

The cultural framework in which we have been raised and within which we have been taught to operate provides both security and significance within its frontiers .
the cultural [structure] in which we have been raised and within which we have been taught to operate provides both security and significance within its frontiers .

These give additional depth to the painting and provide a framework for the distant forms .
these give additional depth to the painting and provide a [structure] for the distant forms .

3.1 Signature of this Agreement will bind the Parties on whose behalf the signatures have been appended to form a Consortium within the meaning contained in the Framework .
3.1 signature of this agreement will bind the parties on whose behalf the signatures have been appended to form a consortium within the meaning contained in the [structure] .

Their relationships in respect of this Agreement shall be governed by the Framework within which context this Agreement shall be interpreted .
their relationships in respect of this agreement shall be governed by the [structure] within which context this agreement shall be interpreted .

The 1918 Maternity and Child Welfare Act may have been designed both to satisfy the lobby and assuage opposition from powerful vested interests to a Ministry of Health , and it may have lacked prescriptive power ( Rowan 1985 ) , but it did provide a more formal institutional framework for health provision and an extension of state funding .
the 1918 maternity and child welfare act may have been designed both to satisfy the lobby and assuage opposition from powerful vested interests to a ministry of health , and it may have lacked prescriptive power ( rowan 1985 ) , but it did provide a more formal institutional [structure] for health provision and an extension of state funding .

The elaborate allegorical framework was left standing .
the elaborate allegorical [structure] was left standing .

The terminology of fractions and strata has proved popular amongst Marxists because it provides a framework with which divisions within the working class and capitalists can be analysed .
the terminology of fractions and strata has proved popular amongst marxists because it provides a [structure] with which divisions within the working class and capitalists can be analysed .

Mosley 's later fascist ideas on government owed much to Lloyd George 's wartime reforms of the administrative structure , even if they had been devised in a democratic framework .
mosley 's later fascist ideas on government owed much to lloyd george 's wartime reforms of the administrative structure , even if they had been devised in a democratic [structure] .

In the process , Radcliffe-Brown , who was a more skilful theorist than field-worker , supplied British social anthropology with a theoretical framework to temper and guide the empiricism which it derived from Malinowski .
in the process , radcliffe-brown , who was a more skilful theorist than field-worker , supplied british social anthropology with a theoretical [structure] to temper and guide the empiricism which it derived from malinowski .

He introduced the term structure to emphasize that social life must be founded upon an orderly , organized basis , a determinate framework of positions , roles and expectations which remains constant over considerable periods of time .
he introduced the term structure to emphasize that social life must be founded upon an orderly , organized basis , a determinate [structure] of positions , roles and expectations which remains constant over considerable periods of time .

Structure provides the framework in which functions are exercised .
structure provides the [structure] in which functions are exercised .

On the contrary , it works within the framework of the Zande legal code and studiously observes all its provisions and prescriptions .
on the contrary , it works within the [structure] of the zande legal code and studiously observes all its provisions and prescriptions .

For example , the emphasis in the organisational framework on power sharing among the different professional disciplines involved , on not making redundant any workers , and the focus on the lay community demonstrate the impact of Italian Marxist thinking on the reform group .
for example , the emphasis in the organisational [structure] on power sharing among the different professional disciplines involved , on not making redundant any workers , and the focus on the lay community demonstrate the impact of italian marxist thinking on the reform group .

Four ‘ change-facilitating factors ’ are picked out by Ramon ; heavy and unchanging reliance on segregated institutions ; the existence of a minority of psychiatrists prepared to act politically ( while not having the desire to act in a party political framework ) ; the autonomous nature of the regions leading to more enthusiastic reform beginning in socialist and communist areas ; and perhaps most importantly for the concerns of this book ,
four ‘ change-facilitating factors ’ are picked out by ramon ; heavy and unchanging reliance on segregated institutions ; the existence of a minority of psychiatrists prepared to act politically ( while not having the desire to act in a party political [structure] ) ; the autonomous nature of the regions leading to more enthusiastic reform beginning in socialist and communist areas ; and perhaps most importantly for the concerns of this book ,

Drawing together the threads of this discussion of community , neighbourhood and locality care , it is possible to construct a simple theoretical framework for study of the empirical question at hand , the closure of two large English mental hospitals .
drawing together the threads of this discussion of community , neighbourhood and locality care , it is possible to construct a simple theoretical [structure] for study of the empirical question at hand , the closure of two large english mental hospitals .

The framework can be best seen in terms of a continuum of discretion .
the [structure] can be best seen in terms of a continuum of discretion .

In the second form of Athenian democracy a more populist welfare framework is intended .
in the second form of athenian democracy a more populist welfare [structure] is intended .

In part this difference can be ascribed to the historical framework .
in part this difference can be ascribed to the historical [structure] .

At Powick the strongly centrist mode of operation meant that the health authority and local authority service framework adopted was built on assumptions about needs that were established wisdom ( though whose , as was seen in Chapter 2 , was not clear ) .
at powick the strongly centrist mode of operation meant that the health authority and local authority service [structure] adopted was built on assumptions about needs that were established wisdom ( though whose , as was seen in chapter 2 , was not clear ) .

• The Interaction between the Legal and Institutional Framework for Development
• the interaction between the legal and institutional [structure] for development

These facts are by no means irreconcilable , but it requires skill and knowledge on the part of the teacher to fulfil the special needs within the framework of teaching in the ordinary classroom .
these facts are by no means irreconcilable , but it requires skill and knowledge on the part of the teacher to fulfil the special needs within the [structure] of teaching in the ordinary classroom .

In the 1990's , we may well be heading towards the classless society so sought after and well documented of politicians , yet the Royal Berkshire Club , built within the existing framework of a society which demands ever higher standards in its leisure facilities , remains a class act in its own right .
in the 1990's , we may well be heading towards the classless society so sought after and well documented of politicians , yet the royal berkshire club , built within the existing [structure] of a society which demands ever higher standards in its leisure facilities , remains a class act in its own right .

Yet Robin Fox , who works from within a socio-biological framework , concedes , rather surprisingly , that ‘ symbol-making is as much a human attribute as sex and food ’ ( 1982 : 13 ) .
yet robin fox , who works from within a socio-biological [structure] , concedes , rather surprisingly , that ‘ symbol-making is as much a human attribute as sex and food ’ ( 1982 : 13 ) .

Most social anthropologists probably adhere to some form of ‘ soft ’ cultural relativism , whereby the thrust of explanation of human ideas and behaviour is placed within the framework of the particular sociocultural institutions of a society .
most social anthropologists probably adhere to some form of ‘ soft ’ cultural relativism , whereby the thrust of explanation of human ideas and behaviour is placed within the [structure] of the particular sociocultural institutions of a society .

Similar studies were all analysed with an overall framework of interrelating forms of social organization with the frequency and manifestation of social conflict .
similar studies were all analysed with an overall [structure] of interrelating forms of social organization with the frequency and manifestation of social conflict .

Turner in his studies of Ndembu symbols and ritual ( 1957 and 1967 ) tried explicitly to bring together a sociological and a psychological explanatory framework for the understanding of ritual .
turner in his studies of ndembu symbols and ritual ( 1957 and 1967 ) tried explicitly to bring together a sociological and a psychological explanatory [structure] for the understanding of ritual .

Much of the systematic anthropological work on war and conflict in recent years has been made within an ecological or socio-biological analytical framework .
much of the systematic anthropological work on war and conflict in recent years has been made within an ecological or socio-biological analytical [structure] .

Thus sociality , together with indigenous theories of human nature , provide a framework for comparison between different societies and cultures , including the various ‘ peaceful societies ’ described in this volume .
thus sociality , together with indigenous theories of human nature , provide a [structure] for comparison between different societies and cultures , including the various ‘ peaceful societies ’ described in this volume .

The framework slowly stretched the fabric apart .
the [structure] slowly stretched the fabric apart .

The framework reared up once again , to display him : a body webbed with argent tracery clutched within a thin unyielding skeleton of steel .
the [structure] reared up once again , to display him : a body webbed with argent tracery clutched within a thin unyielding skeleton of steel .

For his convulsing limbs , gripped within the slender yet firm framework , were not being consumed — even in his agony he understood that his substance remained unblemished .
for his convulsing limbs , gripped within the slender yet firm [structure] , were not being consumed — even in his agony he understood that his substance remained unblemished .

The framework sank down until his lips were level with the floor .
the [structure] sank down until his lips were level with the floor .

The fire was a dream , the fire was as nothing as the new bricks were slapped into cold cement and the air rang with the rasp of the carpenters ' saws as they fashioned the ceiling framework .
the fire was a dream , the fire was as nothing as the new bricks were slapped into cold cement and the air rang with the rasp of the carpenters ' saws as they fashioned the ceiling [structure] .

The science people learn in school can provide the basic framework .
the science people learn in school can provide the basic [structure] .

The entire framework of physics became clumsy and ugly .
the entire [structure] of physics became clumsy and ugly .

In late December 1986 the Audit Commission for local authorities in England and Wales published an influential report which severely criticized the existing public sector framework for community care services .
in late december 1986 the audit commission for local authorities in england and wales published an influential report which severely criticized the existing public sector [structure] for community care services .

It thus gave a framework for developing a system of accountability and for monitoring and reviewing the service provided to individual clients .
it thus gave a [structure] for developing a system of accountability and for monitoring and reviewing the service provided to individual clients .

Its proposals are workable and provide a framework for services which can be applied at all levels from the government at the top right down to the professional worker in direct contact with the recipient of services .
its proposals are workable and provide a [structure] for services which can be applied at all levels from the government at the top right down to the professional worker in direct contact with the recipient of services .

Human beings also seek-meaning in their lives , a deeper spiritual understanding of their purpose which gives us our moral framework .
human beings also seek-meaning in their lives , a deeper spiritual understanding of their purpose which gives us our moral [structure] .

Gorbachev , over the summer , stressed the importance of concluding a new agreement of this kind , and equally , of maintaining a common state framework .
gorbachev , over the summer , stressed the importance of concluding a new agreement of this kind , and equally , of maintaining a common state [structure] .

The term ‘ new thinking ’ was in any case a ‘ general framework for policy rather than a detailed plan of action ’ .
the term ‘ new thinking ’ was in any case a ‘ general [structure] for policy rather than a detailed plan of action ’ .

Internationally , this system would inevitably interact with capitalism within the framework of ‘ one and the same human civilisation ’ .
internationally , this system would inevitably interact with capitalism within the [structure] of ‘ one and the same human civilisation ’ .

As Waterson shows , economic analysis has made considerable advances in the past ten years in developing a framework within which this type of behaviour can be explained .
as waterson shows , economic analysis has made considerable advances in the past ten years in developing a [structure] within which this type of behaviour can be explained .

This does , of course , greatly complicate the design of policy — both the substance of competition law , and the institutional framework for implementing that law .
this does , of course , greatly complicate the design of policy — both the substance of competition law , and the institutional [structure] for implementing that law .

We have argued that such institutions should be public ( though not ruling out the possibility of a role , even an important role , for private actions , as an additional deterrent to abuses of market power ) ; that there should be a single investigating institution with powers to identify and to investigate cases , and to propose remedies , within a clearly stated framework of rules and guidelines ; that firms should be given an opportunity to make representations as to why the competition policy presumptions should not apply in a particular case ; and that there should be a competition tribunal with the task of reviewing and monitoring the recommendations of the competition policy institution .
we have argued that such institutions should be public ( though not ruling out the possibility of a role , even an important role , for private actions , as an additional deterrent to abuses of market power ) ; that there should be a single investigating institution with powers to identify and to investigate cases , and to propose remedies , within a clearly stated [structure] of rules and guidelines ; that firms should be given an opportunity to make representations as to why the competition policy presumptions should not apply in a particular case ; and that there should be a competition tribunal with the task of reviewing and monitoring the recommendations of the competition policy institution .

Some vertical agreements , such as exclusive distribution and exclusive purchasing , have been examined under this framework .
some vertical agreements , such as exclusive distribution and exclusive purchasing , have been examined under this [structure] .

Suppose the same sort of bargain will have to be concluded quite often , then it may make sense to devise a framework , or ‘ governance structure ’ or protocol , to facilitate it .
suppose the same sort of bargain will have to be concluded quite often , then it may make sense to devise a [structure] , or ‘ governance structure ’ or protocol , to facilitate it .

This modelling framework can also be extended to include oligopoly at each level and firm by firm integration , at the cost of some complexity .
this modelling [structure] can also be extended to include oligopoly at each level and firm by firm integration , at the cost of some complexity .

The fact that there are fixed costs means perfect competition is an unattainable ideal framework for retailing .
the fact that there are fixed costs means perfect competition is an unattainable ideal [structure] for retailing .

The positive analysis of vertical restraints within this framework can be taken a little further , with implications for normative issues .
the positive analysis of vertical restraints within this [structure] can be taken a little further , with implications for normative issues .

Depending on the framework , it can be shown that alternative pairs of instruments can be used .
depending on the [structure] , it can be shown that alternative pairs of instruments can be used .

Finally , one general feature of the framework of this subsection is worthy of note , in order to facilitate comparisons between models .
finally , one general feature of the [structure] of this subsection is worthy of note , in order to facilitate comparisons between models .

It can not be a lack of expertise , given the framework .
it can not be a lack of expertise , given the [structure] .

But this point is already clearly recognized in the legal framework through such elements as the block exemptions .
but this point is already clearly recognized in the legal [structure] through such elements as the block exemptions .

Linguists not working within Labov 's general framework are often less careful than he is about candid recording .
linguists not working within labov 's general [structure] are often less careful than he is about candid recording .

This observation suggests a framework for linking network studies with larger-scale class-based studies in formulating a more coherent multi-level sociolinguistic theory than we have at present .
this observation suggests a [structure] for linking network studies with larger-scale class-based studies in formulating a more coherent multi-level sociolinguistic theory than we have at present .

First , it forms the basis of a useful tool for studying relatively small , self-contained groups in more detail than is possible within a large-scale survey framework .
first , it forms the basis of a useful tool for studying relatively small , self-contained groups in more detail than is possible within a large-scale survey [structure] .

Consider , for example , the criticisms of transformations by Bresnan ( 1982 ) as a means of handling the active/passive relationship and her alternative proposals ; on the other hand , Gazdar and his colleagues ( 1985 ) have proposed a completely different framework for handling these relationships .
consider , for example , the criticisms of transformations by bresnan ( 1982 ) as a means of handling the active/passive relationship and her alternative proposals ; on the other hand , gazdar and his colleagues ( 1985 ) have proposed a completely different [structure] for handling these relationships .

Meanwhile , within the executive , the Treasury in 1961 accepted the Plowden Committee 's proposals and began to plan public expenditure on the framework of a five-year rolling programme .
meanwhile , within the executive , the treasury in 1961 accepted the plowden committee 's proposals and began to plan public expenditure on the [structure] of a five-year rolling programme .

Given this framework and governing principles , the civil service has operated without many upheavals over the last century .
given this [structure] and governing principles , the civil service has operated without many upheavals over the last century .

Within this framework , the Conservatives wanted to retain a strong executive and to strengthen similarly the hands of private authorities , particularly the employer in dealing with the unions .
within this [structure] , the conservatives wanted to retain a strong executive and to strengthen similarly the hands of private authorities , particularly the employer in dealing with the unions .

This means not only spending substantially larger amounts of money but also providing the administrative framework for ensuring such policies are pursued uniformly and consistently .
this means not only spending substantially larger amounts of money but also providing the administrative [structure] for ensuring such policies are pursued uniformly and consistently .

If Schultz set the scene for the acceptability of the human capital theory , Denison provided the detailed , methodological framework for empirical studies to test the claim that the development of education or health services promotes economic growth .
if schultz set the scene for the acceptability of the human capital theory , denison provided the detailed , methodological [structure] for empirical studies to test the claim that the development of education or health services promotes economic growth .

But even in this framework , consumption must be orderly — people can indulge themselves , make free with their time , form their own tastes , but only within limits .
but even in this [structure] , consumption must be orderly — people can indulge themselves , make free with their time , form their own tastes , but only within limits .

Within this framework , common to every copy and reflecting the original , there is considerable variation in detail .
within this [structure] , common to every copy and reflecting the original , there is considerable variation in detail .

The Brygos Painter 's picture is pure archaic ; the other has a strong infusion of the classical though held strictly within the archaic framework .
the brygos painter 's picture is pure archaic ; the other has a strong infusion of the classical though held strictly within the archaic [structure] .

central government — to balance the competing expenditure claims of education and other public expenditure programmes , and to provide a general framework for the education authorities , which are actually responsible for the provision of primary and secondary education
central government — to balance the competing expenditure claims of education and other public expenditure programmes , and to provide a general [structure] for the education authorities , which are actually responsible for the provision of primary and secondary education

local authorities — to decide , within the broad financial constraints laid down by central government , what priority should be given to education at a local level ; to formulate , within the statutory framework , general policies for local education provision , and , where appropriate , to allocate resources to local communities
local authorities — to decide , within the broad financial constraints laid down by central government , what priority should be given to education at a local level ; to formulate , within the statutory [structure] , general policies for local education provision , and , where appropriate , to allocate resources to local communities

While any set of projections will be subject to some error for these sorts of reasons , the official household projections produced by the Department of Environment have provided a generally satisfactory framework for consideration of likely future trends in household composition .
while any set of projections will be subject to some error for these sorts of reasons , the official household projections produced by the department of environment have provided a generally satisfactory [structure] for consideration of likely future trends in household composition .

To move , or appear to move , beyond this necessary empirical work , by the early construction of a general theoretical framework , is usually in practice an unargued transition from local and specific to general concepts .
to move , or appear to move , beyond this necessary empirical work , by the early construction of a general theoretical [structure] , is usually in practice an unargued transition from local and specific to general concepts .

Its view of a more civilized order involved at once the removal of unreasonable restraints and the sensible management of the necessary political and economic framework of life .
its view of a more civilized order involved at once the removal of unreasonable restraints and the sensible management of the necessary political and economic [structure] of life .

The chosen means of achieving this end was to provide local authorities with central government funds which could be used for housing construction and enable the level of rents to be subsidized out of general Exchequer funds — in other words , the framework of the system of public housing finance with which we are familiar today .
the chosen means of achieving this end was to provide local authorities with central government funds which could be used for housing construction and enable the level of rents to be subsidized out of general exchequer funds — in other words , the [structure] of the system of public housing finance with which we are familiar today .

Many of the principles which underlay the provision of rural housing in the nineteenth century reasserted themselves in a new institutional framework .
many of the principles which underlay the provision of rural housing in the nineteenth century reasserted themselves in a new institutional [structure] .

Although the prime responsibility for rural housing provision has rested with the rural district councils ( district councils since 1974 ) , they must work within a strategic planning framework laid down by county council planning authorities .
although the prime responsibility for rural housing provision has rested with the rural district councils ( district councils since 1974 ) , they must work within a strategic planning [structure] laid down by county council planning authorities .

While the demands of the rich and the affluent can be met within the framework of current housing policies , the needs of the poor increasingly can not .
while the demands of the rich and the affluent can be met within the [structure] of current housing policies , the needs of the poor increasingly can not .

In so doing the newcomers have contributed to the sense of urban encroachment on rural political affairs among farmers and landowners which goes back over a much longer period , and which has been associated with changes in the institutions of political control in the countryside : the gradual decline in the personalized and autocratic power of the locally resident squirearchy and the transfer of public administration to a more formal and impersonal framework of local government since local politics were first placed on a democratic footing in 1888 .
in so doing the newcomers have contributed to the sense of urban encroachment on rural political affairs among farmers and landowners which goes back over a much longer period , and which has been associated with changes in the institutions of political control in the countryside : the gradual decline in the personalized and autocratic power of the locally resident squirearchy and the transfer of public administration to a more formal and impersonal [structure] of local government since local politics were first placed on a democratic footing in 1888 .

‘ The Disabled ’ is a non-disabled construction , a representational framework no more real than a hologram but which has to contain two properties if it is to have any cathartic meaning for society .
‘ the disabled ’ is a non-disabled construction , a representational [structure] no more real than a hologram but which has to contain two properties if it is to have any cathartic meaning for society .

Not only is there a failure to work together at local level , but central government also fails to provide the framework of legislation and subsidy that would enable housing and social services departments to address jointly the aspirations of disabled people .
not only is there a failure to work together at local level , but central government also fails to provide the [structure] of legislation and subsidy that would enable housing and social services departments to address jointly the aspirations of disabled people .

This paper examines some of the features of present-day policies and practice with respect to educational integration , and argues that the framework of special education has created a ‘ dependency culture ’ ( Corker , 1990 ) of deaf people , which has its roots in alienism .
this paper examines some of the features of present-day policies and practice with respect to educational integration , and argues that the [structure] of special education has created a ‘ dependency culture ’ ( corker , 1990 ) of deaf people , which has its roots in alienism .

The study highlights some of the problems associated with user participation in centres which purport to provide social and ‘ rehabilitative ’ facilities in an explicitly voluntarist framework .
the study highlights some of the problems associated with user participation in centres which purport to provide social and ‘ rehabilitative ’ facilities in an explicitly voluntarist [structure] .

Its aim was to provide social and , in the non-medical sense , ‘ rehabilitative ’ activities within an explicitly voluntarist framework , consonant with the ‘ enlightened guardian ’ model of care .
its aim was to provide social and , in the non-medical sense , ‘ rehabilitative ’ activities within an explicitly voluntarist [structure] , consonant with the ‘ enlightened guardian ’ model of care .

This approach has the advantage of accommodating in one framework the needs of dependent people as well as those of less dependent people .
this approach has the advantage of accommodating in one [structure] the needs of dependent people as well as those of less dependent people .

This paper has highlighted some of the main difficulties associated with user participation and control in a day-centre system providing social and rehabilitative facilities within an explicitly voluntarist framework .
this paper has highlighted some of the main difficulties associated with user participation and control in a day-centre system providing social and rehabilitative facilities within an explicitly voluntarist [structure] .

In order to further an understanding of the various dimensions to ageing with a disability , we need a conceptual framework which takes account of the dual experience of both ageing and disability .
in order to further an understanding of the various dimensions to ageing with a disability , we need a conceptual [structure] which takes account of the dual experience of both ageing and disability .

Neither of these two basic approaches provides a completely satisfactory framework for understanding the experience of ageing .
neither of these two basic approaches provides a completely satisfactory [structure] for understanding the experience of ageing .

Other factors , such as the social environment , material resources and — most importantly — ; the meanings which individuals attach to situations and events , are also essential to the development of an adequate conceptual framework .
other factors , such as the social environment , material resources and — most importantly — ; the meanings which individuals attach to situations and events , are also essential to the development of an adequate conceptual [structure] .

Building on these basic premises , we constructed a conceptual framework which integrates the dual experience of disability and ageing in what we have termed the ‘ disability/ageing career ’ ( see Figure 1 ) .
building on these basic premises , we constructed a conceptual [structure] which integrates the dual experience of disability and ageing in what we have termed the ‘ disability/ageing career ’ ( see figure 1 ) .

To obviate this , they need to contain the idea of their dominance and our dependence within a coherent philosophical framework designed to encapsulate , reinforce and sustain the interests of the industry .
to obviate this , they need to contain the idea of their dominance and our dependence within a coherent philosophical [structure] designed to encapsulate , reinforce and sustain the interests of the industry .

Such a framework needs to be flexible enough to move with the times , keep abreast of public sympathy , but ensure that their control over our lives remains essentially untouched .
such a [structure] needs to be flexible enough to move with the times , keep abreast of public sympathy , but ensure that their control over our lives remains essentially untouched .

It has been suggested further that corporate ambitions extend beyond influencing the detail of regulation , with Reagan for instance claiming that ‘ … corporations are not only much concerned to protect their own immediate legislative interests , but are reaching out in an attempt to create a business-oriented political and social framework within which all public decision-making would be constrained .
it has been suggested further that corporate ambitions extend beyond influencing the detail of regulation , with reagan for instance claiming that ‘ … corporations are not only much concerned to protect their own immediate legislative interests , but are reaching out in an attempt to create a business-oriented political and social [structure] within which all public decision-making would be constrained .

It follows that changes to the legal framework that are deemed necessary to encourage or induce the desired behaviour should be viewed as permissible even though a substantial curtailment of shareholder rights may be involved .
it follows that changes to the legal [structure] that are deemed necessary to encourage or induce the desired behaviour should be viewed as permissible even though a substantial curtailment of shareholder rights may be involved .

The importance of the concession theory is that it establishes a theoretical framework sympathetic to state intervention ; the company is a creature of the state , existing to promote the public welfare , and as such the state has the right to interfere in its internal affairs and need not confine itself to external , general-law regulation .
the importance of the concession theory is that it establishes a theoretical [structure] sympathetic to state intervention ; the company is a creature of the state , existing to promote the public welfare , and as such the state has the right to interfere in its internal affairs and need not confine itself to external , general-law regulation .

On the other hand , if the single-minded pursuit of profits ( as constrained by external regulation ) is liable to damage the public interest , then this will require a modification of the existing set of shareholder rights and the framework of company law that upholds them .
on the other hand , if the single-minded pursuit of profits ( as constrained by external regulation ) is liable to damage the public interest , then this will require a modification of the existing set of shareholder rights and the [structure] of company law that upholds them .

It follows from this reasoning that a company law focussed on the public interest should define management duties exclusively in terms of profit maximisation and should more generally provide a legal framework orientated towards that end .
it follows from this reasoning that a company law focussed on the public interest should define management duties exclusively in terms of profit maximisation and should more generally provide a legal [structure] orientated towards that end .

Secondly , it will be examined why , granted the profit maximisation objective , the profits should accrue to the shareholders , as opposed , for example , to the employees : if considerations of efficiency underscore the shareholders ' current position of preeminence , then this may be thought to provide a justificatory foundation for shareholder rights within a public interest framework .
secondly , it will be examined why , granted the profit maximisation objective , the profits should accrue to the shareholders , as opposed , for example , to the employees : if considerations of efficiency underscore the shareholders ' current position of preeminence , then this may be thought to provide a justificatory foundation for shareholder rights within a public interest [structure] .

For the time being , having noted the rival analysis , the issues will be approached through the framework of the traditional model and it will accordingly be assumed for the purposes of analysis that weak owner control at least raises a presumption that there is a problem about the adequacy of management discipline .
for the time being , having noted the rival analysis , the issues will be approached through the [structure] of the traditional model and it will accordingly be assumed for the purposes of analysis that weak owner control at least raises a presumption that there is a problem about the adequacy of management discipline .

This does not perhaps leave the section totally without point , in that by directing the board to consider the employees it might expand the cognitive basis of decision making and so might on occasion lead to a superior accommodation of employee interests within the traditional framework of shareholder supremacy .
this does not perhaps leave the section totally without point , in that by directing the board to consider the employees it might expand the cognitive basis of decision making and so might on occasion lead to a superior accommodation of employee interests within the traditional [structure] of shareholder supremacy .

It is suggested that the controls constitute a necessary conceptual framework , and presumably have some practical impact on behaviour by providing a normative code for the guidance of management and a public standard for the evaluation of their conduct by others , but that as an enforceable control mechanism their effectiveness is very limited .
it is suggested that the controls constitute a necessary conceptual [structure] , and presumably have some practical impact on behaviour by providing a normative code for the guidance of management and a public standard for the evaluation of their conduct by others , but that as an enforceable control mechanism their effectiveness is very limited .

Whether this is a form of unfairness specific to the take-over process , however , or whether control changes merely highlight the more general vulnerability of employees within the corporate framework , is debatable .
whether this is a form of unfairness specific to the take-over process , however , or whether control changes merely highlight the more general vulnerability of employees within the corporate [structure] , is debatable .

The conclusion to be drawn from the above discussion is that while market forces undoubtedly constrain management behaviour , the disciplinary framework they impose is far from complete .
the conclusion to be drawn from the above discussion is that while market forces undoubtedly constrain management behaviour , the disciplinary [structure] they impose is far from complete .

Or , further , is it possible to incorporate in the framework of the state itself some provision or institution by which a governmental act or command ultra vires may be declared to be such , and subjects therefore exempted from its operation and released from any legal obligation to observe or obey it ?
or , further , is it possible to incorporate in the [structure] of the state itself some provision or institution by which a governmental act or command ultra vires may be declared to be such , and subjects therefore exempted from its operation and released from any legal obligation to observe or obey it ?

What such books include when they claim to describe the British ‘ constitution ’ depends on what their authors consider important to the framework of the system : what the ‘ constitution ’ consists of thus emerges from a survey of the system and is not determined by an independent , non-political definition that precedes it .
what such books include when they claim to describe the british ‘ constitution ’ depends on what their authors consider important to the [structure] of the system : what the ‘ constitution ’ consists of thus emerges from a survey of the system and is not determined by an independent , non-political definition that precedes it .

Defining a constitution as a framework of political society organised through law , he distinguished between ‘ statutory ’ and ‘ common law ’ types of constitutions .
defining a constitution as a [structure] of political society organised through law , he distinguished between ‘ statutory ’ and ‘ common law ’ types of constitutions .

Constitutions thus both liberate and bind ; they provide for a framework of ordered freedom within a set of rules which prevents both majorities and their elected representatives from doing what they might otherwise wish to do .
constitutions thus both liberate and bind ; they provide for a [structure] of ordered freedom within a set of rules which prevents both majorities and their elected representatives from doing what they might otherwise wish to do .

Do they claim authority simply on the basis of electoral victory to do as they please , including changing the constitutional framework , or do they find themselves restrained from so acting by certain fundamental principles ?
do they claim authority simply on the basis of electoral victory to do as they please , including changing the constitutional [structure] , or do they find themselves restrained from so acting by certain fundamental principles ?

If some conception of the nature and dimensions of the relevant political community provides the framework for the operation of the doctrine , equally some conception of democracy must provide its substantive political content .
if some conception of the nature and dimensions of the relevant political community provides the [structure] for the operation of the doctrine , equally some conception of democracy must provide its substantive political content .

The argument of many feminists is that the myth of the objectivity of the physical sciences has been a way of legitimizing the abuse of knowledge within a patriarchal and capitalist framework .
the argument of many feminists is that the myth of the objectivity of the physical sciences has been a way of legitimizing the abuse of knowledge within a patriarchal and capitalist [structure] .

Above all it held up to ridicule the idea that political decisions should be taken within a moral framework .
above all it held up to ridicule the idea that political decisions should be taken within a moral [structure] .

The legal framework within which they operate was established by the Credit Union Act of 1979 .
the legal [structure] within which they operate was established by the credit union act of 1979 .

The aim of this book is to create a broad , multidisciplinary framework for thinking about what students are taught and ought to be taught on first degree courses .
the aim of this book is to create a broad , multidisciplinary [structure] for thinking about what students are taught and ought to be taught on first degree courses .

Again , it is not easy to generalize ; much depends on the institution , the subject and the general framework of regulation and control .
again , it is not easy to generalize ; much depends on the institution , the subject and the general [structure] of regulation and control .

The very headings in the model presuppose some kind of conceptual framework for thinking about what is to be taught ; what is usually referred to in the literature as ‘ curriculum theory ’ rather than ‘ curriculum development ’ .
the very headings in the model presuppose some kind of conceptual [structure] for thinking about what is to be taught ; what is usually referred to in the literature as ‘ curriculum theory ’ rather than ‘ curriculum development ’ .

This last point also raises questions about another preoccupation of sociologists , namely socialization , and the ways in which , to use Bernstein 's ( 1971 ) framework , knowledge is ‘ classified ’ in terms of demarcations , and ‘ framed ’ in terms of the teaching-learning relationship .
this last point also raises questions about another preoccupation of sociologists , namely socialization , and the ways in which , to use bernstein 's ( 1971 ) [structure] , knowledge is ‘ classified ’ in terms of demarcations , and ‘ framed ’ in terms of the teaching-learning relationship .

Although this framework has been usefully applied to higher education ( see Wright 1988 ) , its main impact has been on studies of the school curriculum .
although this [structure] has been usefully applied to higher education ( see wright 1988 ) , its main impact has been on studies of the school curriculum .

Furthermore , the idea of network impinges fairly closely on the notion of sociolinguistic functions , as we have presented this in chapter 2 , because it is a fundamental postulate of network analysis that individuals create personal communities that provide them with a meaningful framework for solving the problems of their day-to-day existence ( Mitchell 1986 : 74 ) .
furthermore , the idea of network impinges fairly closely on the notion of sociolinguistic functions , as we have presented this in chapter 2 , because it is a fundamental postulate of network analysis that individuals create personal communities that provide them with a meaningful [structure] for solving the problems of their day-to-day existence ( mitchell 1986 : 74 ) .

The goal was to establish a participative cultural and structural framework for future change ; and ‘ enabling architecture ’ premised on a strong sense of site and business identity .
the goal was to establish a participative cultural and structural [structure] for future change ; and ‘ enabling architecture ’ premised on a strong sense of site and business identity .

However , to the extent that our assumptions for thinking about them remain within the framework which derives from Weberian thought , we may well not recognize them for what they may be .
however , to the extent that our assumptions for thinking about them remain within the [structure] which derives from weberian thought , we may well not recognize them for what they may be .

Dore ( 1973 ) tends to regard the development of this institutional framework in Japanese core enterprises as a result of the ‘ late development ’ effect .
dore ( 1973 ) tends to regard the development of this institutional [structure] in japanese core enterprises as a result of the ‘ late development ’ effect .

The issue is whether or not there should be a strong framework and organizational commitment to instruments of public policy or whether or not there is a belief that such interventions are illegitimate and best left to the mysterious movements of market forces .
the issue is whether or not there should be a strong [structure] and organizational commitment to instruments of public policy or whether or not there is a belief that such interventions are illegitimate and best left to the mysterious movements of market forces .

This framework for enquiry suggests several things .
this [structure] for enquiry suggests several things .

Aspects of the institutional framework of Japanese enterprises developed in the pre-war era , notably the tendency to extensive networking within the zaibatsu .
aspects of the institutional [structure] of japanese enterprises developed in the pre-war era , notably the tendency to extensive networking within the zaibatsu .

This tendency was continued in the post-war era of enterprise groups to shape a framework in which developed a quite distinct set of practices and forms of calculation of economic action .
this tendency was continued in the post-war era of enterprise groups to shape a [structure] in which developed a quite distinct set of practices and forms of calculation of economic action .

Clearly social representation theorists will need to develop their theoretical framework to distinguish between common sense and social representation .
clearly social representation theorists will need to develop their theoretical [structure] to distinguish between common sense and social representation .

In this chapter we shall examine the various factors which may influence the entrepreneur when deciding on the form the business will take , and consider the legal framework within which the business will operate .
in this chapter we shall examine the various factors which may influence the entrepreneur when deciding on the form the business will take , and consider the legal [structure] within which the business will operate .

Projects based on religion , morals , the nature of the self and so forth can not be fully incorporated within this framework .
projects based on religion , morals , the nature of the self and so forth can not be fully incorporated within this [structure] .

This world system and its evolution are seen as providing a historical framework , an account of world history .
this world system and its evolution are seen as providing a historical [structure] , an account of world history .

The long-wave , world-systems and regulationist theories are broad frameworks to which several writers have contributed and each has given a new twist to the framework they use .
the long-wave , world-systems and regulationist theories are broad frameworks to which several writers have contributed and each has given a new twist to the [structure] they use .

Assuming one is evident , Kondratiev 's discovery alone does not add up to a theoretical framework .
assuming one is evident , kondratiev 's discovery alone does not add up to a theoretical [structure] .

The long-wave framework , therefore , has considerable appeal for interpreting modern structural change .
the long-wave [structure] , therefore , has considerable appeal for interpreting modern structural change .

The theoretical view seems to offer a convenient framework for a broad division of history into periods which can be described by innovations that appear to be characteristic of each .
the theoretical view seems to offer a convenient [structure] for a broad division of history into periods which can be described by innovations that appear to be characteristic of each .

The theoretical framework of regulation was developed in France in the 1970s and first published as a coherent and comprehensive approach to studying the dynamics of capitalist economies by Aglietta ( 1979 ) .
the theoretical [structure] of regulation was developed in france in the 1970s and first published as a coherent and comprehensive approach to studying the dynamics of capitalist economies by aglietta ( 1979 ) .

In a more recent application of this framework , Aglietta ( 1982 ) has explicitly brought out the underlying spatial conception of his theory .
in a more recent application of this [structure] , aglietta ( 1982 ) has explicitly brought out the underlying spatial conception of his theory .

The central question in this framework is how the production and growth ( accumulation ) of the advanced capitalist economies is regulated .
the central question in this [structure] is how the production and growth ( accumulation ) of the advanced capitalist economies is regulated .

An empirical application of this theoretical framework is the work of Frobel et al .
an empirical application of this theoretical [structure] is the work of frobel et al .

Each theoretical framework gives a rather different account of the meaning and significance of major industrial changes as marks of structural change .
each theoretical [structure] gives a rather different account of the meaning and significance of major industrial changes as marks of structural change .

The empirical study of the new international division of labour outlined in section 1.5.2 illustrated the importance of industrial change within this framework .
the empirical study of the new international division of labour outlined in section 1.5.2 illustrated the importance of industrial change within this [structure] .

In a sense that mechanism is the cause of the industrial change : the shift to a new international division of labour occurs because of the international market and the multinational corporations , or because they set the framework for profit-oriented production and investment .
in a sense that mechanism is the cause of the industrial change : the shift to a new international division of labour occurs because of the international market and the multinational corporations , or because they set the [structure] for profit-oriented production and investment .

Like the previous framework , regulationist theories analyse industrial change both in terms of the strongly international driving force behind it , and in terms of the social and organizational restructuring that accompanies technical change and innovation .
like the previous [structure] , regulationist theories analyse industrial change both in terms of the strongly international driving force behind it , and in terms of the social and organizational restructuring that accompanies technical change and innovation .

According to this framework the late 1970s and the 1980s are a period of structural change partly because this new international structure of production has been put in place .
according to this [structure] the late 1970s and the 1980s are a period of structural change partly because this new international structure of production has been put in place .

Now place yourself inside the regulationist framework , that is , adopt the stance of a regulationist in relation to the other two theories .
now place yourself inside the regulationist [structure] , that is , adopt the stance of a regulationist in relation to the other two theories .

Yet within each school , and perhaps particularly among those using a long-wave framework , there is debate about the degree to which in spite of all the observable regularities the shape of the future is mouldable , is ours to create .
yet within each school , and perhaps particularly among those using a long-wave [structure] , there is debate about the degree to which in spite of all the observable regularities the shape of the future is mouldable , is ours to create .

Two of those uses — service industries and service occupations — provided the framework for a discussion of service employment trends in post-war Britain .
two of those uses — service industries and service occupations — provided the [structure] for a discussion of service employment trends in post-war britain .

( 1981 ) therefore follow the orthodox approach , previously developed in the private sector , by outlining a conceptual framework for accounting for users ' needs .
( 1981 ) therefore follow the orthodox approach , previously developed in the private sector , by outlining a conceptual [structure] for accounting for users ' needs .

This chapter considers the general framework of management control and its importance to the public sector .
this chapter considers the general [structure] of management control and its importance to the public sector .

provides a framework of accountability ;
provides a [structure] of accountability ;

( ii ) To improve the framework within which public policy is formulated by matching the field of responsibility of government departments to coherent fields of policy and administration .
( ii ) to improve the [structure] within which public policy is formulated by matching the field of responsibility of government departments to coherent fields of policy and administration .

( iii ) To ensure that the government machine responds and adapts itself to new policies and programmes as they emerge , within the broad framework of the main departmental fields of responsibility .
( iii ) to ensure that the government machine responds and adapts itself to new policies and programmes as they emerge , within the broad [structure] of the main departmental fields of responsibility .

Although the operational framework may differ , the opportunity cost of capital is equally relevant to investment decisions in the public sector .
although the operational [structure] may differ , the opportunity cost of capital is equally relevant to investment decisions in the public sector .

This report stated , inter alia , that efficiency auditing ‘ involves an evaluation of the effectiveness of administrative actions and decisions taken by management in achieving program objectives within the policy guidelines and legislative framework provided by government ’ .
this report stated , inter alia , that efficiency auditing ‘ involves an evaluation of the effectiveness of administrative actions and decisions taken by management in achieving program objectives within the policy guidelines and legislative [structure] provided by government ’ .

The 14 Select Committees are as follows : This then is the basic framework for controlling public expenditure at the central government level .
the 14 select committees are as follows : this then is the basic [structure] for controlling public expenditure at the central government level .

It is a document in which the government sets out the Budget , the short-term economic forecast and the medium-term financial strategy , which provides the financial framework for economic policy .
it is a document in which the government sets out the budget , the short-term economic forecast and the medium-term financial strategy , which provides the financial [structure] for economic policy .

This person is responsible for management leadership within a framework of policy objectives and resources set by the responsible minister , in consultation with the Treasury .
this person is responsible for management leadership within a [structure] of policy objectives and resources set by the responsible minister , in consultation with the treasury .

Assuming for the moment we have reached an organizational utopia , and we have a good strategy , driven by a charismatic leader , within a framework that is encouraging , there still remain further thorny problems of implementation .
assuming for the moment we have reached an organizational utopia , and we have a good strategy , driven by a charismatic leader , within a [structure] that is encouraging , there still remain further thorny problems of implementation .

The impetus for the development of this framework was the realization that a common point in discussions with managers of innovative activities was the issue of uncertainty . And this uncertainty could be usefully divided into two independently identifiable dimensions which can be described as :
the impetus for the development of this [structure] was the realization that a common point in discussions with managers of innovative activities was the issue of uncertainty . and this uncertainty could be usefully divided into two independently identifiable dimensions which can be described as :

The nature of the uncertainty present and the way it changes over time therefore becomes the focus of the framework shown in Figure 1 .
the nature of the uncertainty present and the way it changes over time therefore becomes the focus of the [structure] shown in figure 1 .

Examples from retrospective case studies suggest that the uncertainty map relates to and in fact provides an integrative framework for much of the innovation research to date .
examples from retrospective case studies suggest that the uncertainty map relates to and in fact provides an integrative [structure] for much of the innovation research to date .

It is the duty of the inventor to build a new gestalt for the old one in the framework of society .
it is the duty of the inventor to build a new gestalt for the old one in the [structure] of society .

Over time , Japanese companies have adapted to this environment by designing a highly integrated organizational framework .
over time , japanese companies have adapted to this environment by designing a highly integrated organizational [structure] .

The concept weaves together elements that are significant in the institutionalization of a region and which are represented in its structures of expectations , while the latter , for their part , operate as a framework for social classification among the inhabitants and those living outside the region .
the concept weaves together elements that are significant in the institutionalization of a region and which are represented in its structures of expectations , while the latter , for their part , operate as a [structure] for social classification among the inhabitants and those living outside the region .

In many ways , the framework developed in this and the following chapters is consistent with Paasi 's definition of a region rather than his usage of place .
in many ways , the [structure] developed in this and the following chapters is consistent with paasi 's definition of a region rather than his usage of place .

As with all other aspects of capitalist society , however , local variations in the interpretation of these two roles and the institutional framework within which they can be operated are normal .
as with all other aspects of capitalist society , however , local variations in the interpretation of these two roles and the institutional [structure] within which they can be operated are normal .

Enforcing rules when caught between opposing public constituencies causes difficulties for agencies which must work within the framework of an ostensibly activist legal mandate .
enforcing rules when caught between opposing public constituencies causes difficulties for agencies which must work within the [structure] of an ostensibly activist legal mandate .

the Deputy Head ( Curriculum ) worked with the Head of Additional Studies Faculty to produce a framework for a study-skills course which would link with the work of all other departments ;
the deputy head ( curriculum ) worked with the head of additional studies faculty to produce a [structure] for a study-skills course which would link with the work of all other departments ;

In a wide-ranging challenge to the opposition of multiculturalism to antiracism as an adequate framework for educational debate , Ali Rattansi argues that , in the wake of the Burnage Report , it is necessary to identify new priorities that undermine old certainties .
in a wide-ranging challenge to the opposition of multiculturalism to antiracism as an adequate [structure] for educational debate , ali rattansi argues that , in the wake of the burnage report , it is necessary to identify new priorities that undermine old certainties .

Billig 's research ( 1978 ) on adult National Front members revealed a complexity of attitudes and practices which belies what is , ironically enough , a social scientific stereotype of the strongly prejudiced individual who operates with a rigid set or framework of categories .
billig 's research ( 1978 ) on adult national front members revealed a complexity of attitudes and practices which belies what is , ironically enough , a social scientific stereotype of the strongly prejudiced individual who operates with a rigid set or [structure] of categories .

An alternative framework
an alternative [structure]

This type of analytical framework posits a range of views from strong versions of racism to weak versions of ethnocentrism .
this type of analytical [structure] posits a range of views from strong versions of racism to weak versions of ethnocentrism .

Within this framework , in other words , societies or individuals are made to develop according to certain ‘ laws of motion ’ which are inscribed in their very mode of being .
within this [structure] , in other words , societies or individuals are made to develop according to certain ‘ laws of motion ’ which are inscribed in their very mode of being .

The topological instructions can be written as a hierarchical framework allowing edge , surface or solid representations to be constructed from the same group of nodal entities .
the topological instructions can be written as a hierarchical [structure] allowing edge , surface or solid representations to be constructed from the same group of nodal entities .

We feel quite sure that , if you have followed this technique carefully , you have a much clearer mental framework within which to carry out studies of bending moment and shear force than you had before .
we feel quite sure that , if you have followed this technique carefully , you have a much clearer mental [structure] within which to carry out studies of bending moment and shear force than you had before .

They can be used to simplify the skeleton of the topic still more , until it stands out in its bare bones , giving you a framework on which memory can hang the developments , opinions and controversies .
they can be used to simplify the skeleton of the topic still more , until it stands out in its bare bones , giving you a [structure] on which memory can hang the developments , opinions and controversies .

In recent years a growing sophistication in tachistoscopic half-field investigations has derived from a conceptual and methodological framework known as information processing theory .
in recent years a growing sophistication in tachistoscopic half-field investigations has derived from a conceptual and methodological [structure] known as information processing theory .

Moscovitch , Scullion and Christie , ( 1976 ) also carried out an experiment within the framework of information processing theory .
moscovitch , scullion and christie , ( 1976 ) also carried out an experiment within the [structure] of information processing theory .

Follow the suggested menus each day , introducing new foods as directed and keeping within the framework of 1,000 calories per day .
follow the suggested menus each day , introducing new foods as directed and keeping within the [structure] of 1,000 calories per day .

How far does this framework of questions help you to identify the main points which relate to Britain 's foreign policy in this period ?
how far does this [structure] of questions help you to identify the main points which relate to britain 's foreign policy in this period ?

What other questions does this framework raise that are not answered by the extract ?
what other questions does this [structure] raise that are not answered by the extract ?

( a ) You must have a good framework of prior knowledge-of individuals , places , events , central ideas , etc .
( a ) you must have a good [structure] of prior knowledge-of individuals , places , events , central ideas , etc .

However , his on-the-spot tours of inspection , and his characteristically thorough investigations of the region 's peoples , problems and resources , quickly convinced him of Siberia 's enormous potential as a land of civilization and plenty , if only it could be provided with the necessary administrative , legal and political framework within which to develop its promise .
however , his on-the-spot tours of inspection , and his characteristically thorough investigations of the region 's peoples , problems and resources , quickly convinced him of siberia 's enormous potential as a land of civilization and plenty , if only it could be provided with the necessary administrative , legal and political [structure] within which to develop its promise .

One of the major preoccupations of Soviet Russian ethnic historians , obliged to work within the framework of Marxist-Leninist dogma , is to define the level of social-political evolution which the peoples of Siberia had reached by the sixteenth century in terms of Marx 's five universal stages .
one of the major preoccupations of soviet russian ethnic historians , obliged to work within the [structure] of marxist-leninist dogma , is to define the level of social-political evolution which the peoples of siberia had reached by the sixteenth century in terms of marx 's five universal stages .

Migrating from pasture to pasture with their herds of horses , cattle and other animals , they lived in a type of portable home ( ger ) consisting of a circular framework covered with felt ( which the Russians incorrectly called yuna ) .
migrating from pasture to pasture with their herds of horses , cattle and other animals , they lived in a type of portable home ( ger ) consisting of a circular [structure] covered with felt ( which the russians incorrectly called yuna ) .

The framework was aluminium , with brass fingers and steel feet , and the parts to cover it were cast in epoxy mixed with aluminium powder , like the full-size version , and similarly chromium plated .
the [structure] was aluminium , with brass fingers and steel feet , and the parts to cover it were cast in epoxy mixed with aluminium powder , like the full-size version , and similarly chromium plated .

For most people in El Salvador , especially the poor majority , traditional medicine offers a powerful , all-embracing and often effective medical and cultural framework to understand their health and seek appropriate care .
for most people in el salvador , especially the poor majority , traditional medicine offers a powerful , all-embracing and often effective medical and cultural [structure] to understand their health and seek appropriate care .

But the popular health system has provided a framework for addressing people 's health needs and finding solutions that validate and reaffirm their contribution to the health process .
but the popular health system has provided a [structure] for addressing people 's health needs and finding solutions that validate and reaffirm their contribution to the health process .

Formulation of a framework for privatisation-deregulation , discussing national scheme for financing health services .
formulation of a [structure] for privatisation-deregulation , discussing national scheme for financing health services .

When functionalists attempt to explain systems of social stratification , they set their explanations in the framework of larger theories which seek to explain the operation of society as a whole .
when functionalists attempt to explain systems of social stratification , they set their explanations in the [structure] of larger theories which seek to explain the operation of society as a whole .

In particular , the conflict of interest between the bourgeoisie and the proletariat can not be resolved within the framework of a capitalist economy .
in particular , the conflict of interest between the bourgeoisie and the proletariat can not be resolved within the [structure] of a capitalist economy .

All these assumptions and claims are challenged by John Scott , even though Scott works within a broadly Marxist framework .
all these assumptions and claims are challenged by john scott , even though scott works within a broadly marxist [structure] .

The Ehrenreichs provide an interesting attempt to analyse the position of one part of the ‘ middle class ’ within a neo-Marxist framework .
the ehrenreichs provide an interesting attempt to analyse the position of one part of the ‘ middle class ’ within a neo-marxist [structure] .

Research ministers approve Framework
research ministers approve [structure]

Swiss look for ways to reap benefits of next Framework
swiss look for ways to reap benefits of next [structure]

The change in status would have allowed Switzerland to participate fully in broader Framework programmes , although it would not yet have been eligible for direct financial support .
the change in status would have allowed switzerland to participate fully in broader [structure] programmes , although it would not yet have been eligible for direct financial support .

The Swiss government was prepared to pay SFr477 million to participate in the fourth Framework programme and had encouraged researchers and industry to submit proposals .
the swiss government was prepared to pay sfr477 million to participate in the fourth [structure] programme and had encouraged researchers and industry to submit proposals .

The statutory framework applicable to the applications for admissions made by the applicants in November 1990 can therefore be summarised as follows .
the statutory [structure] applicable to the applications for admissions made by the applicants in november 1990 can therefore be summarised as follows .

Observation statements , then , are always made in the language of some theory and will be as precise as the theoretical or conceptual framework that they utilize is precise .
observation statements , then , are always made in the language of some theory and will be as precise as the theoretical or conceptual [structure] that they utilize is precise .

Within Lakatos 's framework , scientific methodology must be discussed from two points of view , one concerning the work done within a single research programme , the other concerning the comparison of the merits of competing research programmes .
within lakatos 's [structure] , scientific methodology must be discussed from two points of view , one concerning the work done within a single research programme , the other concerning the comparison of the merits of competing research programmes .

If all scientists were critical of all parts of the framework in which they worked all of the time then no detailed work would ever get done .
if all scientists were critical of all parts of the [structure] in which they worked all of the time then no detailed work would ever get done .

This reversal provides the framework for an analysis of demographic change , but the trend has been uneven both spatially and socially .
this reversal provides the [structure] for an analysis of demographic change , but the trend has been uneven both spatially and socially .

These spatial and social variations provide the framework for interpreting the themes of accessibility , service provision , recreation and deprivation that are examine later in this book .
these spatial and social variations provide the [structure] for interpreting the themes of accessibility , service provision , recreation and deprivation that are examine later in this book .

The structure plans then provided a framework for local plans , which were to be more detailed strategies prepared at district level .
the structure plans then provided a [structure] for local plans , which were to be more detailed strategies prepared at district level .

The danger is of over-rigid definition , usually built on a failure to recognize the framework of assumptions underlying every distinction .
the danger is of over-rigid definition , usually built on a failure to recognize the [structure] of assumptions underlying every distinction .

While there were many conflicts over all the new music ( and dance ) forms ( see , for example , Hustwitt 1983 ) , by the mid-1920s we can see the outlines of a new , laboriously constructed consensus , ‘ hotter ’ and radical elements squeezed out , new techniques smoothed and assimilated within a musical framework with links back to bourgeois traditions , socially centred on ‘ respectable ’ dancing and home-listening , and on traditional kinds of concert and opera-going ( see Frith 1983b ; 1988b ) .
while there were many conflicts over all the new music ( and dance ) forms ( see , for example , hustwitt 1983 ) , by the mid-1920s we can see the outlines of a new , laboriously constructed consensus , ‘ hotter ’ and radical elements squeezed out , new techniques smoothed and assimilated within a musical [structure] with links back to bourgeois traditions , socially centred on ‘ respectable ’ dancing and home-listening , and on traditional kinds of concert and opera-going ( see frith 1983b ; 1988b ) .

Demands for greater ‘ freedom ’ and ‘ authenticity ’ can often be channelled into established stereotypes of rebellion and expression , and thus articulated to the framework of the dominant musical ideology , mediated by a discourse which is organized round notions of ‘ youth ’ , ‘ modernity ’ and ‘ pleasure ’ ; the result can be used across the age-range and across classes , securing the interests of cultural reproduction and of liberal tolerance .
demands for greater ‘ freedom ’ and ‘ authenticity ’ can often be channelled into established stereotypes of rebellion and expression , and thus articulated to the [structure] of the dominant musical ideology , mediated by a discourse which is organized round notions of ‘ youth ’ , ‘ modernity ’ and ‘ pleasure ’ ; the result can be used across the age-range and across classes , securing the interests of cultural reproduction and of liberal tolerance .

Without this kind of analytical framework , respecting the complex levels of mediation involved and their relative autonomy , Elvis becomes simply the plaything of naked political forces ( rebellious/manipulative ) ; and the fact that the young rock 'n' roller sang ballads from the start , that the older Hollywood star could still sing rock 'n' roll songs and was still respected by rock 'n' roll fans , that his ‘ blues ’ were ‘ romantic ’ ( a kind of fantasy ) , his ballads often ‘ realistic ’ ( given flesh ) , or that he could make boogification ironic — all this is inexplicable .
without this kind of analytical [structure] , respecting the complex levels of mediation involved and their relative autonomy , elvis becomes simply the plaything of naked political forces ( rebellious/manipulative ) ; and the fact that the young rock 'n' roller sang ballads from the start , that the older hollywood star could still sing rock 'n' roll songs and was still respected by rock 'n' roll fans , that his ‘ blues ’ were ‘ romantic ’ ( a kind of fantasy ) , his ballads often ‘ realistic ’ ( given flesh ) , or that he could make boogification ironic — all this is inexplicable .

Corvan 's achievement , then — with a narrow stock of materials and against a background of retrenchment , in which the bourgeoisie 's musical values , like its money , were increasingly setting the framework of socio-musical relationships — was to articulate those materials to the needs of his own particular audience .
corvan 's achievement , then — with a narrow stock of materials and against a background of retrenchment , in which the bourgeoisie 's musical values , like its money , were increasingly setting the [structure] of socio-musical relationships — was to articulate those materials to the needs of his own particular audience .

And it is here that we come to the nub , theoretically , of the problem with Adorno 's whole approach to listening Dick Bradley ( n.d. ) points out that within a Marxist framework production and consumption can not properly be given the near-identity which Adorno attributes to them .
and it is here that we come to the nub , theoretically , of the problem with adorno 's whole approach to listening dick bradley ( n.d. ) points out that within a marxist [structure] production and consumption can not properly be given the near-identity which adorno attributes to them .

Similarly , it becomes obvious that such reception does not always represent a direct appropriation of the consumer into a pre-given framework but is mediated by other , varied interpretative assumptions associated with other social institutions and values ( which may be mutually contradictory ) .
similarly , it becomes obvious that such reception does not always represent a direct appropriation of the consumer into a pre-given [structure] but is mediated by other , varied interpretative assumptions associated with other social institutions and values ( which may be mutually contradictory ) .

Dispossessed and relatively powerless groups — for example , American blacks or white working-class youths — articulate their various perspectives , as victims , on the dominant reality through musics which accept the basic rhythmic-harmonic framework derived from the tradition of notated music but at the same time work against this in various ways , notably by superimposing on the framework musical techniques typical of oral cultures .
dispossessed and relatively powerless groups — for example , american blacks or white working-class youths — articulate their various perspectives , as victims , on the dominant reality through musics which accept the basic rhythmic-harmonic [structure] derived from the tradition of notated music but at the same time work against this in various ways , notably by superimposing on the [structure] musical techniques typical of oral cultures .

unprofitable in the face of market competition ) supported within the framework of investment planning .
unprofitable in the face of market competition ) supported within the [structure] of investment planning .

’ Prior further claims that union support for such an industrial policy was a central plank of the social contract , which therefore ‘ represented the first British attempt within a framework of parliamentary democracy to build in a process of extra-parliamentary mobilisation around the policies of a Labour government ’ ( ibid .
’ prior further claims that union support for such an industrial policy was a central plank of the social contract , which therefore ‘ represented the first british attempt within a [structure] of parliamentary democracy to build in a process of extra-parliamentary mobilisation around the policies of a labour government ’ ( ibid .

The customary framework of the ‘ company ’ allowed an industrious and enterprising shopkeeper to participate , on a minute scale , in a variety of undertakings : shipbuilding , the fish and wine trade , the farming of royal or seignorial revenues , the new American trade , textiles , the importation of wheat and meat .
the customary [structure] of the ‘ company ’ allowed an industrious and enterprising shopkeeper to participate , on a minute scale , in a variety of undertakings : shipbuilding , the fish and wine trade , the farming of royal or seignorial revenues , the new american trade , textiles , the importation of wheat and meat .

The men of 1812 meant to create the legal framework of a bourgeois society ; they had given political power , by an intricate combination of universal suffrage and indirect election , to the middle classes considered as the ‘ regulator ’ of other classes .
the men of 1812 meant to create the legal [structure] of a bourgeois society ; they had given political power , by an intricate combination of universal suffrage and indirect election , to the middle classes considered as the ‘ regulator ’ of other classes .

Though Masonry was always to be an element in the liberal forces — particularly in later non-socialist brands of Republicanism — it was never again , as it was from 1815 to 1820 , its chief framework ; even then it was not so much a system of belief as the only clandestine organization available for conspiracy .
though masonry was always to be an element in the liberal forces — particularly in later non-socialist brands of republicanism — it was never again , as it was from 1815 to 1820 , its chief [structure] ; even then it was not so much a system of belief as the only clandestine organization available for conspiracy .

Moreover , the channels were being opened for peaceful management-employer bargaining within the framework of a private enterprise economy .
moreover , the channels were being opened for peaceful management-employer bargaining within the [structure] of a private enterprise economy .

At the local level , rural zemstvos and urban dumas provided the institutional framework for wider public involvement in self-government and expanding educational , medical , and other services .
at the local level , rural zemstvos and urban dumas provided the institutional [structure] for wider public involvement in self-government and expanding educational , medical , and other services .

They would have provided the basis for greater parliamentary co-operation between labour representatives and liberal politicians , and a framework in which the appeal to nationalism and the efforts of Church , school and middle-class reformers might have had more effect in moderating working-class attitudes .
they would have provided the basis for greater parliamentary co-operation between labour representatives and liberal politicians , and a [structure] in which the appeal to nationalism and the efforts of church , school and middle-class reformers might have had more effect in moderating working-class attitudes .

If this perception of the nature and causes of the crisis is a correct one — and we think it is — can it be located within a general theoretical framework which is both intellectually respectable and useful ?
if this perception of the nature and causes of the crisis is a correct one — and we think it is — can it be located within a general theoretical [structure] which is both intellectually respectable and useful ?

If this is the correct moral framework for punishment , what should be our judgement on our current penal practices ?
if this is the correct moral [structure] for punishment , what should be our judgement on our current penal practices ?

In our opinion the most satisfactory framework for explaining penal phenomena is one which draws on several different sociological traditions .
in our opinion the most satisfactory [structure] for explaining penal phenomena is one which draws on several different sociological traditions .

In the first three sections of this chapter we will outline the legal framework and organizational context in which each set of decisions is taken , and will also say something about the decision-makers themselves .
in the first three sections of this chapter we will outline the legal [structure] and organizational context in which each set of decisions is taken , and will also say something about the decision-makers themselves .

Not only do we lack a clearly articulated set of policy objectives , in the absence of a coordinating Ministry of Justice , we also lack the necessary institutional framework within which such a strategy could be implemented .
not only do we lack a clearly articulated set of policy objectives , in the absence of a coordinating ministry of justice , we also lack the necessary institutional [structure] within which such a strategy could be implemented .

In the virtual absence of effective external constraints , one of the most formative influences on the way this discretionary power was exercised came from the ideological framework within which all sentencers operate .
in the virtual absence of effective external constraints , one of the most formative influences on the way this discretionary power was exercised came from the ideological [structure] within which all sentencers operate .

And you have the framework of your story ready made for you , a great help to the beginner .
and you have the [structure] of your story ready made for you , a great help to the beginner .

It is only in recent decades that anything resembling this framework has been re-established .
it is only in recent decades that anything resembling this [structure] has been re-established .

If the Church provided the institutional framework within which Serbian national culture could be nurtured , the oral folk traditions of the peasants provided a rich source of inspiration to those who needed reassurance that the nation would eventually rise against its oppressors .
if the church provided the institutional [structure] within which serbian national culture could be nurtured , the oral folk traditions of the peasants provided a rich source of inspiration to those who needed reassurance that the nation would eventually rise against its oppressors .

The ovoid seemed to project a kind of deadly aura and , as Rostov compared the black egg shape with his memory of the framework structures which he had encountered previously , he wondered if the designers had been striving consciously for the visual effect which they had achieved .
the ovoid seemed to project a kind of deadly aura and , as rostov compared the black egg shape with his memory of the [structure] structures which he had encountered previously , he wondered if the designers had been striving consciously for the visual effect which they had achieved .

Mr Pascall 's emphasis came back time and time again to the idea of a ‘ framework ’ : ‘ The purpose of the national curriculum , ’ he said , ‘ is to ensure that there is a framework so that we can be confident that every child has the opportunity to read widely , to develop the habit of reading and to develop the love and understanding of literature .
mr pascall 's emphasis came back time and time again to the idea of a ‘ [structure] ’ : ‘ the purpose of the national curriculum , ’ he said , ‘ is to ensure that there is a [structure] so that we can be confident that every child has the opportunity to read widely , to develop the habit of reading and to develop the love and understanding of literature .

Mr Pascall was determined to reassure the audience by reiterating his view that the framework was the answer .
mr pascall was determined to reassure the audience by reiterating his view that the [structure] was the answer .

The government found it necessary to try to impose a centrally determined framework on what had hitherto been entirely local , and often monastic , charitable initiatives .
the government found it necessary to try to impose a centrally determined [structure] on what had hitherto been entirely local , and often monastic , charitable initiatives .

Readers must be warned that it has been the practice of governments in recent years to alter the departmental structure from time to time , ostensibly in an effort to find the best possible framework for policy co-ordination , but — it may be suggested — with less elevated political motives in mind too .
readers must be warned that it has been the practice of governments in recent years to alter the departmental structure from time to time , ostensibly in an effort to find the best possible [structure] for policy co-ordination , but — it may be suggested — with less elevated political motives in mind too .

Conformity to rules relies primarily upon compliance , upon a willingness to work within a regulated framework which Etzioni has suggested rests either upon acceptance of a ‘ utilitarian ’ financial bargain or upon a ‘ normative ’ commitment .
conformity to rules relies primarily upon compliance , upon a willingness to work within a regulated [structure] which etzioni has suggested rests either upon acceptance of a ‘ utilitarian ’ financial bargain or upon a ‘ normative ’ commitment .

An Act was passed in 1981 to pursue this aim and establish the new framework for special education suggested by Warnock .
an act was passed in 1981 to pursue this aim and establish the new [structure] for special education suggested by warnock .

Something of the administrative framework of the social services will have been gleaned from the preceding chapters on particular social problems and the services created in response to them .
something of the administrative [structure] of the social services will have been gleaned from the preceding chapters on particular social problems and the services created in response to them .

Some argue for much greater administrative decentralization , to remove the ‘ Whitehall bottleneck ’ , and urge that central government gives more thought to the formulation of clearly defined policies so that local authorities can be safely left to get on with the job within a clear policy framework .
some argue for much greater administrative decentralization , to remove the ‘ whitehall bottleneck ’ , and urge that central government gives more thought to the formulation of clearly defined policies so that local authorities can be safely left to get on with the job within a clear policy [structure] .

Non-working women do not comply with our male-dominated conceptual framework for defining who is unemployed .
non-working women do not comply with our male-dominated conceptual [structure] for defining who is unemployed .

Pope and Mays 's cognitive approaches fit well into this framework ( figure ) .
pope and mays 's cognitive approaches fit well into this [structure] ( figure ) .

As in the case of Bacon , the central importance of Paracelsus rests on the general impetus he gave to the reform of science and on the development of a comprehensive religious and ethical framework for scientific and medical endeavour .
as in the case of bacon , the central importance of paracelsus rests on the general impetus he gave to the reform of science and on the development of a comprehensive religious and ethical [structure] for scientific and medical endeavour .

With hindsight this explanatory framework often seems inadequate , inappropriate , and inconsistent .
with hindsight this explanatory [structure] often seems inadequate , inappropriate , and inconsistent .

Their confidence in providing care within this framework averaged 4 on the same scale , all but three of the doctors indicating that this method of care interfaced well with their primary health care practice .
their confidence in providing care within this [structure] averaged 4 on the same scale , all but three of the doctors indicating that this method of care interfaced well with their primary health care practice .

Despite the absence of a consensus on who had clinical responsibility for the patients in this scheme — general practitioner , hospital , or both — 28 of the 31 general practitioners wished to continue providing diabetic care within this framework .
despite the absence of a consensus on who had clinical responsibility for the patients in this scheme — general practitioner , hospital , or both — 28 of the 31 general practitioners wished to continue providing diabetic care within this [structure] .

But , equally clearly , the organisational complexity of teams varies , with all the concomitant problems of integrating different traditions and styles of work into a common framework .
but , equally clearly , the organisational complexity of teams varies , with all the concomitant problems of integrating different traditions and styles of work into a common [structure] .

It is important to have a clear , conceptual framework for analysing and evaluating community services .
it is important to have a clear , conceptual [structure] for analysing and evaluating community services .

Not only does it invert the natural sequence of events in a given life by interpreting origins and development in the light of conclusions ( teleological falsification ) ; it also selects particular ideas , events and utterances for interpretation within the framework of a preferred intellectual system ( ideological falsification ) .
not only does it invert the natural sequence of events in a given life by interpreting origins and development in the light of conclusions ( teleological falsification ) ; it also selects particular ideas , events and utterances for interpretation within the [structure] of a preferred intellectual system ( ideological falsification ) .

Nizan 's communist novels , produced within this global historical framework , may consequently be contextualised in the following manner : ( a ) Antoine Bloye , written between 1931 and 1933 , was produced at a moment of sectarian cultural politics , a moment when the French communist party was just beginning to emerge from political isolationism , a moment when the French working class was just beginning to reassert itself .
nizan 's communist novels , produced within this global historical [structure] , may consequently be contextualised in the following manner : ( a ) antoine bloye , written between 1931 and 1933 , was produced at a moment of sectarian cultural politics , a moment when the french communist party was just beginning to emerge from political isolationism , a moment when the french working class was just beginning to reassert itself .

The objective of this part of my analysis is therefore to provide a historical and theoretical overview of socialist realism with specific reference to the situation in interwar France , in order to establish a conceptual framework within which to place the work of Paul Nizan .
the objective of this part of my analysis is therefore to provide a historical and theoretical overview of socialist realism with specific reference to the situation in interwar france , in order to establish a conceptual [structure] within which to place the work of paul nizan .

It is worthwhile briefly examining Lukacs 's ideas on socialist realism at this juncture since they not only provide a constructive critical alternative to the mindless ideological stance adopted by Zhdanov , Radek and Stetsky , but also broaden the global conceptual framework within which to examine Nizan 's communist novels .
it is worthwhile briefly examining lukacs 's ideas on socialist realism at this juncture since they not only provide a constructive critical alternative to the mindless ideological stance adopted by zhdanov , radek and stetsky , but also broaden the global conceptual [structure] within which to examine nizan 's communist novels .

One of the most important components of the legal framework created by parliament for their protection will have been rendered ineffectual for them .
one of the most important components of the legal [structure] created by parliament for their protection will have been rendered ineffectual for them .

There is a system of spatio-temporal relations in which we ourselves have a place and which provides that unified framework within which every particular is uniquely related to every other , and where the distinction between numerical and qualitative identity has a perfectly valid and immediately intelligible application .
there is a system of spatio-temporal relations in which we ourselves have a place and which provides that unified [structure] within which every particular is uniquely related to every other , and where the distinction between numerical and qualitative identity has a perfectly valid and immediately intelligible application .

The theory discussed last , in a similar spirit , links the idea of particularity with the idea of a `` unitary spatio-temporal framework `` .
the theory discussed last , in a similar spirit , links the idea of particularity with the idea of a `` unitary spatio-temporal [structure] `` .

To begin with , we have to draw a distinction between spatial and temporal relations within a `` phenomenological `` space and time , and spatial and temporal relations within an objective framework .
to begin with , we have to draw a distinction between spatial and temporal relations within a `` phenomenological `` space and time , and spatial and temporal relations within an objective [structure] .

It follows that it is not enough simply to appeal to the `` differentiating power `` of spatio-temporal relations within an objective framework .
it follows that it is not enough simply to appeal to the `` differentiating power `` of spatio-temporal relations within an objective [structure] .

The question that has to be asked first , is : How is such a framework possible ?
the question that has to be asked first , is : how is such a [structure] possible ?

All these options , it should be noted , remain within the basic framework of the categorial schema of objects and attributes , and this inevitably sets limits to what can be achieved by the respective philosophies of mind `` .
all these options , it should be noted , remain within the basic [structure] of the categorial schema of objects and attributes , and this inevitably sets limits to what can be achieved by the respective philosophies of mind `` .

This was a two stage study , in which a detailed case-control study of a subset of data is undertaken within the framework of a large , less detailed dataset .
this was a two stage study , in which a detailed case-control study of a subset of data is undertaken within the [structure] of a large , less detailed dataset .

Such studies are particularly suited to subjects such as perinatal mortality rates ; the comparatively rare perinatal deaths and their controls are nested within the framework of the large dataset of all notified births .
such studies are particularly suited to subjects such as perinatal mortality rates ; the comparatively rare perinatal deaths and their controls are nested within the [structure] of the large dataset of all notified births .

His officials were particularly interested in the economic potential of European unity , which could help French post-war reconstruction , and also in ideas for controlling Germany within a European framework .
his officials were particularly interested in the economic potential of european unity , which could help french post-war reconstruction , and also in ideas for controlling germany within a european [structure] .

Her vision of inter-governmental European co-operation within a wider ‘ Atlantic ’ framework seemed to have won out over schemes for more radical co-operation .
her vision of inter-governmental european co-operation within a wider ‘ atlantic ’ [structure] seemed to have won out over schemes for more radical co-operation .

And the Plan would give Europeans a framework for activity which was removed from the institutions created to deal with the Cold War .
and the plan would give europeans a [structure] for activity which was removed from the institutions created to deal with the cold war .

The matrix diagram also provides a basic framework for working out the phases of the site .
the matrix diagram also provides a basic [structure] for working out the phases of the site .

While the first step towards the historical framework is establishing a sequence of events , it is also necessary to know how much time elapsed between events .
while the first step towards the historical [structure] is establishing a sequence of events , it is also necessary to know how much time elapsed between events .

Still used by archaeologists , it went only part of the way towards providing a historical framework for archaeological evidence , however .
still used by archaeologists , it went only part of the way towards providing a historical [structure] for archaeological evidence , however .

The usefulness of this framework was limited , however , as the dates of occupation were known for very few sites ; and furthermore , the time interval between sites and finds was also unknown .
the usefulness of this [structure] was limited , however , as the dates of occupation were known for very few sites ; and furthermore , the time interval between sites and finds was also unknown .

Since the framework gave no hint of the long periods of time during which tool types were in use , sites that were originally considered to be contemporary were subsequently found to be separated by hundreds or thousands of years .
since the [structure] gave no hint of the long periods of time during which tool types were in use , sites that were originally considered to be contemporary were subsequently found to be separated by hundreds or thousands of years .

Using these techniques , a network of links between many finds and archaeological layers ( contexts ) form a dated framework used to date other finds and contexts .
using these techniques , a network of links between many finds and archaeological layers ( contexts ) form a dated [structure] used to date other finds and contexts .

Once such a framework has been established , the emphasis is on finding new methods of dating finds and ways of refining existing methods to increase accuracy .
once such a [structure] has been established , the emphasis is on finding new methods of dating finds and ways of refining existing methods to increase accuracy .

If some of the artefacts could then be precisely dated , a dating framework could be established .
if some of the artefacts could then be precisely dated , a dating [structure] could be established .

There were also a cluster of Picassoesque still lifes , including Fish in a Glass Tank ( Leeds City Art Gallery ) in which tessellated areas of rich colour were marshalled into position by a harsh linear framework .
there were also a cluster of picassoesque still lifes , including fish in a glass tank ( leeds city art gallery ) in which tessellated areas of rich colour were marshalled into position by a harsh linear [structure] .

To develop such an environment , teachers aimed to create a self-supporting framework , in which pupils could work independently of the teacher , using the resource of other pupils and contributing actively to their own learning .
to develop such an environment , teachers aimed to create a self-supporting [structure] , in which pupils could work independently of the teacher , using the resource of other pupils and contributing actively to their own learning .

creating a self-supporting framework which encourages and enables the children to operate independently of the teacher , thus freeing the teacher to use time as productively as possible ;
creating a self-supporting [structure] which encourages and enables the children to operate independently of the teacher , thus freeing the teacher to use time as productively as possible ;

Creating a self-supporting framework
creating a self-supporting [structure]

The self-supporting framework builds on the children 's existing collective resources : their knowledge and experience , their social relationships , their capacity to support and stimulate one another through shared interests and concerns .
the self-supporting [structure] builds on the children 's existing collective resources : their knowledge and experience , their social relationships , their capacity to support and stimulate one another through shared interests and concerns .

These katures of the National Curriculum framework offer a powerful resource with which to classify children according to their level of attainment in ways that do not help teachers to overcome their difficulties .
these katures of the national curriculum [structure] offer a powerful resource with which to classify children according to their level of attainment in ways that do not help teachers to overcome their difficulties .

The proposed remedy is more detailed : ‘ Statements of attainment are best regarded as long term objectives which provide the framework , allowing teachers and pupils freedom to choose short term objectives and related activities , materials instructions and criteria ’ ( Reason 1989 : 150 ) .
the proposed remedy is more detailed : ‘ statements of attainment are best regarded as long term objectives which provide the [structure] , allowing teachers and pupils freedom to choose short term objectives and related activities , materials instructions and criteria ’ ( reason 1989 : 150 ) .

These types of criticism have led some to reject the functionalist framework altogether , especially since there have been parallel criticisms of functionalist explanation in other areas of sociology .
these types of criticism have led some to reject the functionalist [structure] altogether , especially since there have been parallel criticisms of functionalist explanation in other areas of sociology .

The thrust of this argument is that tribunals which resolve disputes have matured beyond the framework envisaged by the Franks Report . The aims of the modern tribunal are :
the thrust of this argument is that tribunals which resolve disputes have matured beyond the [structure] envisaged by the franks report . the aims of the modern tribunal are :

This coupling of social insurance with a safety net of means-tested benefits was taken up in the Beveridge Plan which settled the framework of the welfare state after the Second World War ( Beveridge , 1942 ) .
this coupling of social insurance with a safety net of means-tested benefits was taken up in the beveridge plan which settled the [structure] of the welfare state after the second world war ( beveridge , 1942 ) .

The procedure at the hearing is determined by the tribunal within the framework of the statutory rules which provide that the tribunal shall ‘ so far as appears to it appropriate seek to avoid formality ’ .
the procedure at the hearing is determined by the tribunal within the [structure] of the statutory rules which provide that the tribunal shall ‘ so far as appears to it appropriate seek to avoid formality ’ .

In practice the procedure is one which is best coped with by those with appropriate forensic skills in the questioning and cross-examination of witnesses , and the marshalling of evidence and argument , coupled with a sound knowledge of the legal framework within which such cases are determined .
in practice the procedure is one which is best coped with by those with appropriate forensic skills in the questioning and cross-examination of witnesses , and the marshalling of evidence and argument , coupled with a sound knowledge of the legal [structure] within which such cases are determined .

The Dickens study reports that the contribution of lay members on matters of industrial and practical knowledge are tempered by the carefully constructed legal framework within which unfair dismissal applications must be considered .
the dickens study reports that the contribution of lay members on matters of industrial and practical knowledge are tempered by the carefully constructed legal [structure] within which unfair dismissal applications must be considered .

She would speak of the necessity of holding on to a framework of belief , a reasonable percentage of belie
she would speak of the necessity of holding on to a [structure] of belief , a reasonable percentage of belie

Here the mother is interpreting the child 's earliest noises as turns , a phenomenon which has led some researchers to wonder whether the turn-taking mechanisms of conversation , and ability to recognize the kind of turn that is in use , might be the initial framework into which the child gradually fills the details of the language , working top-down , from the largest structures to the smallest , as well as or perhaps instead of bottom-up , as has usually been assumed .
here the mother is interpreting the child 's earliest noises as turns , a phenomenon which has led some researchers to wonder whether the turn-taking mechanisms of conversation , and ability to recognize the kind of turn that is in use , might be the initial [structure] into which the child gradually fills the details of the language , working top-down , from the largest structures to the smallest , as well as or perhaps instead of bottom-up , as has usually been assumed .

On the other hand , successful communication must work within the framework of the receiver 's existing knowledge ; it must not make too many demands .
on the other hand , successful communication must work within the [structure] of the receiver 's existing knowledge ; it must not make too many demands .

Successful communication gives us new information , but works within the framework of the receiver 's assumptions .
successful communication gives us new information , but works within the [structure] of the receiver 's assumptions .

Text c is intended for specific addressees , not for the general public , and it is hard for the general public to interpret without access to shared presuppositions and previous experience which can not comfortably be forced into the framework proposed by Lewis .
text c is intended for specific addressees , not for the general public , and it is hard for the general public to interpret without access to shared presuppositions and previous experience which can not comfortably be forced into the [structure] proposed by lewis .

This behaviour is consistent with Hymes ' own expectations about how his framework would be used .
this behaviour is consistent with hymes ' own expectations about how his [structure] would be used .

The principle of analogy will provide a reasonably secure framework for interpretation for the hearer and for the analyst most of the time .
the principle of analogy will provide a reasonably secure [structure] for interpretation for the hearer and for the analyst most of the time .

We shall suggest that formal attempts to identify topics are doomed to failure , but that the discourse analyst may usefully make appeal to notions like ‘ speaking topically ’ and ‘ the speaker 's topic ’ within a ‘ topic framework ’ .
we shall suggest that formal attempts to identify topics are doomed to failure , but that the discourse analyst may usefully make appeal to notions like ‘ speaking topically ’ and ‘ the speaker 's topic ’ within a ‘ topic [structure] ’ .

Topic framework
topic [structure]

We suggest that such a characterisation can be developed in terms of a topic framework .
we suggest that such a characterisation can be developed in terms of a topic [structure] .

Those aspects of the context which are directly reflected in the text , and which need to be called upon to interpret the text , we shall refer to as activated features of context and suggest that they constitute the contextual framework within which the topic is constituted , that is , the topic framework .
those aspects of the context which are directly reflected in the text , and which need to be called upon to interpret the text , we shall refer to as activated features of context and suggest that they constitute the contextual [structure] within which the topic is constituted , that is , the topic [structure] .

As a way of characterising the type of feature which will be required in a topic framework , we shall examine a fragment of conversational discourse and try to determine what is ‘ being talked about ’ .
as a way of characterising the type of feature which will be required in a topic [structure] , we shall examine a fragment of conversational discourse and try to determine what is ‘ being talked about ’ .

As a first approximation , then , we could produce a partial representation of a ‘ framework ’ for extract ( 5 ) in terms of the following set of activated contextual features .
as a first approximation , then , we could produce a partial representation of a ‘ [structure] ’ for extract ( 5 ) in terms of the following set of activated contextual features .

We have introduced some basic components which would be required in a characterisation of the topic framework for any discourse fragment .
we have introduced some basic components which would be required in a characterisation of the topic [structure] for any discourse fragment .

The topic framework consists of elements derivable from the physical context and from the discourse domain of any discourse fragment .
the topic [structure] consists of elements derivable from the physical context and from the discourse domain of any discourse fragment .

If we say that characterising the topic framework is a means of making explicit some of the assumptions a speaker can make about his hearer 's knowledge , we are not talking about the total knowledge which the speaker believes he shares with his hearer .
if we say that characterising the topic [structure] is a means of making explicit some of the assumptions a speaker can make about his hearer 's knowledge , we are not talking about the total knowledge which the speaker believes he shares with his hearer .

What we have described as a topic framework has much in common with Venneman 's proposal that , for a discourse , there is a presupposition pool which contains information ‘ constituted from general knowledge , from the situative context of the discourse , and from the completed part of the discourse itself ’ ( Venneman , 1975 : 314 ) .
what we have described as a topic [structure] has much in common with venneman 's proposal that , for a discourse , there is a presupposition pool which contains information ‘ constituted from general knowledge , from the situative context of the discourse , and from the completed part of the discourse itself ’ ( venneman , 1975 : 314 ) .

That is , the reader will be forced to use these ‘ texts ’ to reconstruct , not just some relevant discourse subjects in the presupposition pool , following Venneman , but rather some of the elements of the topic framework existing when these discourse fragments were produced .
that is , the reader will be forced to use these ‘ texts ’ to reconstruct , not just some relevant discourse subjects in the presupposition pool , following venneman , but rather some of the elements of the topic [structure] existing when these discourse fragments were produced .

The topic framework , as we have described it , represents the area of overlap in the knowledge which has been activated and is shared by the participants at a particular point in a discourse .
the topic [structure] , as we have described it , represents the area of overlap in the knowledge which has been activated and is shared by the participants at a particular point in a discourse .

Once the elements in the topic framework and the interrelationships between them have been identified , the analyst has some basis for making judgements of relevance with regard to conversational contributions .
once the elements in the topic [structure] and the interrelationships between them have been identified , the analyst has some basis for making judgements of relevance with regard to conversational contributions .

’ One way of solving this problem is to translate the maxim ‘ Be relevant ’ into a more practically useful form as ‘ Make your contribution relevant in terms of the existing topic framework .
’ one way of solving this problem is to translate the maxim ‘ be relevant ’ into a more practically useful form as ‘ make your contribution relevant in terms of the existing topic [structure] .

What we have characterised as a convention of conversational discourse — ‘ making your contribution relevant in terms of the existing topic framework ’ — could be captured more succinctly in the expression speaking topically .
what we have characterised as a convention of conversational discourse — ‘ making your contribution relevant in terms of the existing topic [structure] ’ — could be captured more succinctly in the expression speaking topically .

We could say that a discourse participant is ‘ speaking topically ’ when he makes his contribution fit closely to the most recent elements incorporated in the topic framework .
we could say that a discourse participant is ‘ speaking topically ’ when he makes his contribution fit closely to the most recent elements incorporated in the topic [structure] .

Both forms are based on the existing topic framework , but the distinction derives from what each individual speaker treats as the salient elements in the existing topic framework .
both forms are based on the existing topic [structure] , but the distinction derives from what each individual speaker treats as the salient elements in the existing topic [structure] .

Before we explore the influence of ‘ speaker 's topic ’ , we shall try to illustrate in some detail the way in which conversational participants ‘ speak topically ’ , by making their contributions relevant to the existing topic framework .
before we explore the influence of ‘ speaker 's topic ’ , we shall try to illustrate in some detail the way in which conversational participants ‘ speak topically ’ , by making their contributions relevant to the existing topic [structure] .

In the representation of the topic framework , we shall present the elements involved as a list .
in the representation of the topic [structure] , we shall present the elements involved as a list .

Given a fragment of conversation and a topic framework as in ( 10 ) , it is possible for the analyst to point out some ways in which each participant ‘ speaks topically ’ .
given a fragment of conversation and a topic [structure] as in ( 10 ) , it is possible for the analyst to point out some ways in which each participant ‘ speaks topically ’ .

We have tried to list the connections existing across contributions in this discourse fragment to emphasise the ways speakers make what they 're talking about fit into a framework which represents what we ( as discourse participants ) are talking about in conversational discourse .
we have tried to list the connections existing across contributions in this discourse fragment to emphasise the ways speakers make what they 're talking about fit into a [structure] which represents what we ( as discourse participants ) are talking about in conversational discourse .

Identifying the elements in the topic framework at any point in the discourse allows the analyst to make claims about what is involved in ‘ speaking topically ’ .
identifying the elements in the topic [structure] at any point in the discourse allows the analyst to make claims about what is involved in ‘ speaking topically ’ .

The ‘ topic framework ’ , as an analytic device , is essentially a means of characterising the area of overlap in contributions to a discourse .
the ‘ topic [structure] ’ , as an analytic device , is essentially a means of characterising the area of overlap in contributions to a discourse .

If we can treat any piece of conversational data as a process in which two or more participants speak within the topic framework , we should also find in their contributions elements which characterise their own personal ‘ speaker 's topics ’ .
if we can treat any piece of conversational data as a process in which two or more participants speak within the topic [structure] , we should also find in their contributions elements which characterise their own personal ‘ speaker 's topics ’ .

We shall look at a fragment of spoken discourse , not in terms of how we would characterise the participants ' shared information , but in terms of a process in which each participant expresses a personal topic within the general topic framework of the conversation as a whole .
we shall look at a fragment of spoken discourse , not in terms of how we would characterise the participants ' shared information , but in terms of a process in which each participant expresses a personal topic within the general topic [structure] of the conversation as a whole .

The general point in this case is something like ‘ the effect of restoring old buildings ’ which is already part of the topic framework established by the preceding discourse .
the general point in this case is something like ‘ the effect of restoring old buildings ’ which is already part of the topic [structure] established by the preceding discourse .

Each speaker contributes to the conversation in terms of both the existing topic framework and his or her personal topic .
each speaker contributes to the conversation in terms of both the existing topic [structure] and his or her personal topic .

It is relevant that the topic framework for this extract ( 16 ) should contain information about the speaker ( female , 20+ , Edinburgh-resident ) and the preceding discourse ( the types of drinks the participants had encountered in different types of bars during their respective recent holidays in the United States ) .
it is relevant that the topic [structure] for this extract ( 16 ) should contain information about the speaker ( female , 20+ , edinburgh-resident ) and the preceding discourse ( the types of drinks the participants had encountered in different types of bars during their respective recent holidays in the united states ) .

Although happy at first with the series concept as handed to him by Donald Wilson , David Whitaker 's under-lying love for ‘ ripping yarn ’ storytelling was threatening to draw him into conflict with Newman 's wish to present educative and allegorical discussion of social issues within the show 's framework .
although happy at first with the series concept as handed to him by donald wilson , david whitaker 's under-lying love for ‘ ripping yarn ’ storytelling was threatening to draw him into conflict with newman 's wish to present educative and allegorical discussion of social issues within the show 's [structure] .

To use the phrase which better expresses the underlying concept , what the requirements of fairness demand when any body , domestic , administrative or judicial , has to make a decision which will affect the rights of individuals depends on the character of the decision-making body , the kind of decision it has to make and the statutory or other framework in which it operates .
to use the phrase which better expresses the underlying concept , what the requirements of fairness demand when any body , domestic , administrative or judicial , has to make a decision which will affect the rights of individuals depends on the character of the decision-making body , the kind of decision it has to make and the statutory or other [structure] in which it operates .

the Secretary of State , and the framework in which he operates , such that additional procedural safeguards are required in the interests of fairness ?
the secretary of state , and the [structure] in which he operates , such that additional procedural safeguards are required in the interests of fairness ?

The civil law provides a framework for the redress of individual grievances .
the civil law provides a [structure] for the redress of individual grievances .

Where that right is not granted by the framework within which the decision taker operates then it should be supplied as an implied grant by the law .
where that right is not granted by the [structure] within which the decision taker operates then it should be supplied as an implied grant by the law .

To use the phrase which better expresses the underlying concept , what the requirements of fairness demand when any body , domestic , administrative or judicial , has to make a decision which will affect the rights of individuals depends on the character of the decision-making body , the kind of decision it has to make and the statutory or other framework in which it operates .
to use the phrase which better expresses the underlying concept , what the requirements of fairness demand when any body , domestic , administrative or judicial , has to make a decision which will affect the rights of individuals depends on the character of the decision-making body , the kind of decision it has to make and the statutory or other [structure] in which it operates .

He further contends by ground ( 2 ) of his notice of appeal that the failure of the judge to perceive the limitations imposed on her discretion in the context of the Convention led her to reject the proposition that the elements necessary to the exercise of that discretion have to exist within the framework laid down by the Convention itself .
he further contends by ground ( 2 ) of his notice of appeal that the failure of the judge to perceive the limitations imposed on her discretion in the context of the convention led her to reject the proposition that the elements necessary to the exercise of that discretion have to exist within the [structure] laid down by the convention itself .

As far as the residence requirements were concerned , the Commission considered that , as it stated in its communication of 19 July 1989 on a Community framework for access to fishing quotas ( Official Journal 1989 No .
as far as the residence requirements were concerned , the commission considered that , as it stated in its communication of 19 july 1989 on a community [structure] for access to fishing quotas ( official journal 1989 no .

The Commission 's communication of 19 July 1989 on a Community framework for access to fishing quotas ( Official Journal 1989 No .
the commission 's communication of 19 july 1989 on a community [structure] for access to fishing quotas ( official journal 1989 no .

The Commission communication of 19 July 1989 on a Community framework for access to fishing quotas was not appropriate to resolve that conflict , because it did not tackle the problem of the effective exploitation of the catch quotas allocated to the member states .
the commission communication of 19 july 1989 on a community [structure] for access to fishing quotas was not appropriate to resolve that conflict , because it did not tackle the problem of the effective exploitation of the catch quotas allocated to the member states .

The Commission points out that , in is communication of 19 July 1989 on a Community framework for access to fishing quotas ( Official Journal 1989 No .
the commission points out that , in is communication of 19 july 1989 on a community [structure] for access to fishing quotas ( official journal 1989 no .

It is for these reasons that Woolwich is not enabled or required to seek its remedy through the statutory framework , but must fall back on the common law .
it is for these reasons that woolwich is not enabled or required to seek its remedy through the statutory [structure] , but must fall back on the common law .

All that is missing is the outer framework .
all that is missing is the outer [structure] .

In the first section of this paper we saw that algebraic laws provide a novel but precise framework for describing and defining occam .
in the first section of this paper we saw that algebraic laws provide a novel but precise [structure] for describing and defining occam .

The 1832 act aimed to give the `` middle orders `` in society political influence and it also provided for a framework within which landed wealth and industrial wealth could adjust their conflicts of interest without resort to force .
the 1832 act aimed to give the `` middle orders `` in society political influence and it also provided for a [structure] within which landed wealth and industrial wealth could adjust their conflicts of interest without resort to force .

The liberal-democratic constitution is seen as the only context and as the be-all-and-end-all of things so that the economic and societal context of power and the constraints which this imposes on Cabinet and Prime Minister alike are outside of the framework of serious consideration .
the liberal-democratic constitution is seen as the only context and as the be-all-and-end-all of things so that the economic and societal context of power and the constraints which this imposes on cabinet and prime minister alike are outside of the [structure] of serious consideration .

Budgetary planning and control is used as the framework for detailed operational planning and control .
budgetary planning and control is used as the [structure] for detailed operational planning and control .

It would be stupid to say that there are no egos , there 's always been a push and pull and there always will be , ’ explains Burgess , coolly positioning himself within the team framework — the intelligent old pop heads and firebrand upstart combination that makes The Charlatans devilish in Brit pop terms .
it would be stupid to say that there are no egos , there 's always been a push and pull and there always will be , ’ explains burgess , coolly positioning himself within the team [structure] — the intelligent old pop heads and firebrand upstart combination that makes the charlatans devilish in brit pop terms .

Scott Rockenfield pulses out the backbone framework on his suitably futuristic kit over which Chris DeGarmo and Micahel Wilton drape intricate guitar flesh .
scott rockenfield pulses out the backbone [structure] on his suitably futuristic kit over which chris degarmo and micahel wilton drape intricate guitar flesh .

Thanks to the excellent response — nearly a third of the University 's 65,000 alumni replied — we now know enough to build a framework on which the University can base its future plans for alumni relations .
thanks to the excellent response — nearly a third of the university 's 65,000 alumni replied — we now know enough to build a [structure] on which the university can base its future plans for alumni relations .

Within the framework of this short debate the Minister has an opportunity to say whether the Government will give any substance to their words .
within the [structure] of this short debate the minister has an opportunity to say whether the government will give any substance to their words .

Nevertheless it is hoped that this analysis will provide a framework within which the detailed practice of other unit staff can be examined .
nevertheless it is hoped that this analysis will provide a [structure] within which the detailed practice of other unit staff can be examined .

Users can hang their own content on the framework .
users can hang their own content on the [structure] .

One presumes that Rappaport 's cost framework relates to the accounts of the whole company .
one presumes that rappaport 's cost [structure] relates to the accounts of the whole company .

Quinn 's line of thought can be traced back to earlier works such as those of Lindblom ( 1959 ) and Wrapp ( 1967 ) , but he took these general ideas and turned them into a framework for observing organization behaviour and then into practical recommendations for the chief executive who is responsible for strategic change .
quinn 's line of thought can be traced back to earlier works such as those of lindblom ( 1959 ) and wrapp ( 1967 ) , but he took these general ideas and turned them into a [structure] for observing organization behaviour and then into practical recommendations for the chief executive who is responsible for strategic change .

Working class women 's groups and the Workers ' Birth Control Group , formed in 1924 , which played a major part in the struggle for access to birth control information , also found it impossible to ignore the maternalist framework in their campaign .
working class women 's groups and the workers ' birth control group , formed in 1924 , which played a major part in the struggle for access to birth control information , also found it impossible to ignore the maternalist [structure] in their campaign .

Within an evolutionary framework it could be argued that the work working class women did outside the home was an anachronistic survival and that society was in fact progressing towards a position whereby all women would be able to stay at home .
within an evolutionary [structure] it could be argued that the work working class women did outside the home was an anachronistic survival and that society was in fact progressing towards a position whereby all women would be able to stay at home .

Thus the ideas formulated by scientists and mediated by the medical profession formed the framework within which all women , including active feminists ( most of whom were middle class ) , had to work .
thus the ideas formulated by scientists and mediated by the medical profession formed the [structure] within which all women , including active feminists ( most of whom were middle class ) , had to work .

In the long run it may be correct to argue , as Patricia Branca has done , that doctors were ‘ the logical answer to the middle class woman 's increasing desire for self-improvement and self-control ’ , but evidence suggests that medical and scientific expertise set the basic framework for discussion and action within which women tended to respond — albeit not always in an anticipated manner — rather than initiate .
in the long run it may be correct to argue , as patricia branca has done , that doctors were ‘ the logical answer to the middle class woman 's increasing desire for self-improvement and self-control ’ , but evidence suggests that medical and scientific expertise set the basic [structure] for discussion and action within which women tended to respond — albeit not always in an anticipated manner — rather than initiate .

The pervasive belief in the natural , biological difference between male and female characteristics formed a framework within which feminists and non-feminists alike thought and lived .
the pervasive belief in the natural , biological difference between male and female characteristics formed a [structure] within which feminists and non-feminists alike thought and lived .

Instead , they focused their main arguments on the position of women who did not marry , using the individualistic framework of nineteenth-century liberalism and political economy to argue for a ‘ fair field and no favour ’ and the removal of all barriers that hindered single women from earning a decent living .
instead , they focused their main arguments on the position of women who did not marry , using the individualistic [structure] of nineteenth-century liberalism and political economy to argue for a ‘ fair field and no favour ’ and the removal of all barriers that hindered single women from earning a decent living .

Nineteenth-century feminists had viewed this as an impediment to women 's employment and as an extension of a legal framework that denied adult women the freedom to contract .
nineteenth-century feminists had viewed this as an impediment to women 's employment and as an extension of a legal [structure] that denied adult women the freedom to contract .

But as the pictorial innovations of Picasso and Braque — the construction of a painting in terms of a linear grid or framework , the fusion of objects with their surroundings , the combination of several views of an object in a single image , and of abstract and representational elements in the same picture — began to influence a widening circle of artists , the style became distinguishable by virtue of these features .
but as the pictorial innovations of picasso and braque — the construction of a painting in terms of a linear grid or [structure] , the fusion of objects with their surroundings , the combination of several views of an object in a single image , and of abstract and representational elements in the same picture — began to influence a widening circle of artists , the style became distinguishable by virtue of these features .

One interpretation would see fairness as simply fitting into an adjudicative framework and not necessitating the development of non-adjudicative procedures .
one interpretation would see fairness as simply fitting into an adjudicative [structure] and not necessitating the development of non-adjudicative procedures .

In so far as fairness is used within the traditional adjudicative framework the balancing involved therein may be different in degree but not in kind to that which has always gone on within natural justice itself .
in so far as fairness is used within the traditional adjudicative [structure] the balancing involved therein may be different in degree but not in kind to that which has always gone on within natural justice itself .

As has been evident , our procedural rules are sown in an adjudicative framework .
as has been evident , our procedural rules are sown in an adjudicative [structure] .

The development of fairness within our jurisprudence has not as yet caused us to depart from the adjudicative framework within which we operate .
the development of fairness within our jurisprudence has not as yet caused us to depart from the adjudicative [structure] within which we operate .

Nevertheless , these are seen as modifications within the traditional adjudicatory framework .
nevertheless , these are seen as modifications within the traditional adjudicatory [structure] .

The concluding comments thus far have been directed towards the application and content of natural justice and fairness seeing both of these terms against an adjudicative framework .
the concluding comments thus far have been directed towards the application and content of natural justice and fairness seeing both of these terms against an adjudicative [structure] .

Whether we should discard the traditional framework , and whether review should become akin to appeal , will be considered below .
whether we should discard the traditional [structure] , and whether review should become akin to appeal , will be considered below .

The former provide the managerial and administrative framework for moving products from supplier to customer .
the former provide the managerial and administrative [structure] for moving products from supplier to customer .

By far the greatest protection for consumers in Britain is provided by parliament , which in several important pieces of legislation has set up a framework in which the respective rights and duties of consumers and suppliers can be identified and clarified .
by far the greatest protection for consumers in britain is provided by parliament , which in several important pieces of legislation has set up a [structure] in which the respective rights and duties of consumers and suppliers can be identified and clarified .

Manager , Production Planning and Control — this role is responsible for providing the framework and the impetus for production-the main activities of the role are described in the following chapter on this topic .
manager , production planning and control — this role is responsible for providing the [structure] and the impetus for production-the main activities of the role are described in the following chapter on this topic .

He sought to show that legal conceptions are the product of historical development ; but in particular he indicated how law functions as a framework within which we move .
he sought to show that legal conceptions are the product of historical development ; but in particular he indicated how law functions as a [structure] within which we move .

In the same way , the laws of thermodynamics laid down a framework within which engines and refrigerators operate .
in the same way , the laws of thermodynamics laid down a [structure] within which engines and refrigerators operate .

The structures created between 1963 and 1988 provided a new administrative framework for local government but such structures in themselves reveal relatively little about the practice of local administration .
the structures created between 1963 and 1988 provided a new administrative [structure] for local government but such structures in themselves reveal relatively little about the practice of local administration .

Two points about Dunleavy 's framework can usefully be raised : ( a ) He tends to assume that what applies in the case of high-rise flats or town-centre redevelopment applies in other areas of policy-making ; ( b ) He places a heavy emphasis on the nationalizing of urban policy change , arguing ( 1980a , p. 98 ) that within ‘ broad limits the decentralised authorities implementing policies have moved in step with a precision that cries out for explanation ’ .
two points about dunleavy 's [structure] can usefully be raised : ( a ) he tends to assume that what applies in the case of high-rise flats or town-centre redevelopment applies in other areas of policy-making ; ( b ) he places a heavy emphasis on the nationalizing of urban policy change , arguing ( 1980a , p. 98 ) that within ‘ broad limits the decentralised authorities implementing policies have moved in step with a precision that cries out for explanation ’ .

Distinctiveness , albeit within a framework established by the centre , appears to be an unmistakable feature of local policy-making .
distinctiveness , albeit within a [structure] established by the centre , appears to be an unmistakable feature of local policy-making .

The formal framework
the formal [structure]

The formal legal framework of central-local relations needs to be set against actual working relationships .
the formal legal [structure] of central-local relations needs to be set against actual working relationships .

As a basis for understanding ‘ the current crisis of central-local relations in Britain ' ( p. 10 ) Saunders offers an alternative analytical framework encompassing four main dimensions : organizational , economic , political , and ideological .
as a basis for understanding ‘ the current crisis of central-local relations in britain ' ( p. 10 ) saunders offers an alternative analytical [structure] encompassing four main dimensions : organizational , economic , political , and ideological .

Modern secular man was born into a world whose moral framework was composed not of laws and duties but of tests and comparisons .
modern secular man was born into a world whose moral [structure] was composed not of laws and duties but of tests and comparisons .

Within this framework , differentiation can be made between strategic elites , which may have power over society as a whole , and segmental elites ( the terms are Keller 's ) , which are predominant or which vie for predominance in restricted fields .
within this [structure] , differentiation can be made between strategic elites , which may have power over society as a whole , and segmental elites ( the terms are keller 's ) , which are predominant or which vie for predominance in restricted fields .

Most obviously , despite their efforts to provide an analytical framework for the observation of this second face of power , no fully successful effort has yet been made to operationalise their analysis .
most obviously , despite their efforts to provide an analytical [structure] for the observation of this second face of power , no fully successful effort has yet been made to operationalise their analysis .

Whatever is seen as the main cause will depend on the theoretical framework which is used to make sense of the military-industrial complex .
whatever is seen as the main cause will depend on the theoretical [structure] which is used to make sense of the military-industrial complex .

Despite all the evidence which they have themselves presented to testify to the way in which liberal democratic institutions are bypassed and used to serve the interests of particular interests , these writers still believe the problem can be exorcised within the liberal democratic framework which exists .
despite all the evidence which they have themselves presented to testify to the way in which liberal democratic institutions are bypassed and used to serve the interests of particular interests , these writers still believe the problem can be exorcised within the liberal democratic [structure] which exists .

But regionalism in this ‘ everything and nothing ’ sense is not just a territorial dimension to central policy-making ; like planning , regionalism could not he regarded as just one policy among many but rather , in principle , as meta-policy , the implicit or explicit framework for other interventionist policies .
but regionalism in this ‘ everything and nothing ’ sense is not just a territorial dimension to central policy-making ; like planning , regionalism could not he regarded as just one policy among many but rather , in principle , as meta-policy , the implicit or explicit [structure] for other interventionist policies .

Indeed , in a certain kind of theory , centre-periphery relations are not just a particular case , they constitute the framework within which all social interaction takes place .
indeed , in a certain kind of theory , centre-periphery relations are not just a particular case , they constitute the [structure] within which all social interaction takes place .

Nonetheless , the main thrust of Kandel 's findings and the theoretical framework within which he set them during the 1970s and 1980s have until recently scarcely been challenged .
nonetheless , the main thrust of kandel 's findings and the theoretical [structure] within which he set them during the 1970s and 1980s have until recently scarcely been challenged .

More and more over the last few years , however , findings both from his own lab and others have tended to enrich the somewhat simplistic reductionist framework within which the Aplysia findings had earlier been set .
more and more over the last few years , however , findings both from his own lab and others have tended to enrich the somewhat simplistic reductionist [structure] within which the aplysia findings had earlier been set .

The concept of a cognitive map , in O'Keefe and Nadel 's hands , is more than just a topographic representation of the space in which the animal is located ; it also describes the distribution of cell systems concerned with the analysis and integration of spatial cues within a framework of behavioural meaning for the animal .
the concept of a cognitive map , in o'keefe and nadel 's hands , is more than just a topographic representation of the space in which the animal is located ; it also describes the distribution of cell systems concerned with the analysis and integration of spatial cues within a [structure] of behavioural meaning for the animal .

Within this basic framework the amount of time allocated to each stage varied considerably .
within this basic [structure] the amount of time allocated to each stage varied considerably .

Before tracing the developments of public spending control at the centre , it is worth briefly setting out the contrasting ways in which other academics have sought to analyse it in order to make my own theoretical framework explicit .
before tracing the developments of public spending control at the centre , it is worth briefly setting out the contrasting ways in which other academics have sought to analyse it in order to make my own theoretical [structure] explicit .

Within a broadly Marxian framework , these groups encompass a wide range of positions , many of which have only a very tenuous connection with Soviet doctrine .
within a broadly marxian [structure] , these groups encompass a wide range of positions , many of which have only a very tenuous connection with soviet doctrine .

The material which yesterday had draped them now lay in discarded heaps on the stones of the paving below , and men were hastily tacking new lengths — the mercers and drapers must have ransacked their warehouses to find enough , and the cost would no doubt make the court treasurer blench — to the framework .
the material which yesterday had draped them now lay in discarded heaps on the stones of the paving below , and men were hastily tacking new lengths — the mercers and drapers must have ransacked their warehouses to find enough , and the cost would no doubt make the court treasurer blench — to the [structure] .

Within the framework something moved , brushing the mist aside like water .
within the [structure] something moved , brushing the mist aside like water .

On the one hand it is evident that the old order is collapsing of its own accord , so any attempt to subvert it would be pointless ; and on the other , none of these authors portrays a main character secure enough in his own moral beliefs to propose them as a new global framework .
on the one hand it is evident that the old order is collapsing of its own accord , so any attempt to subvert it would be pointless ; and on the other , none of these authors portrays a main character secure enough in his own moral beliefs to propose them as a new global [structure] .

One could not help feeling that the authoress was an awfully clever gel , insofar as she could manipulate quite adequately the basic framework of the nineteenth-century novel of manners .
one could not help feeling that the authoress was an awfully clever gel , insofar as she could manipulate quite adequately the basic [structure] of the nineteenth-century novel of manners .

For a period in the 1950s she flirted with Roman Catholicism , and whether her Catholic point of view made her see moral issues exclusively within a religious framework , or whether she simply did not share the same experience as English-born-and-raised writers who faced the dissolution of their class system is difficult to judge .
for a period in the 1950s she flirted with roman catholicism , and whether her catholic point of view made her see moral issues exclusively within a religious [structure] , or whether she simply did not share the same experience as english-born-and-raised writers who faced the dissolution of their class system is difficult to judge .

The goal on each of these three planes is unity , and , appropriately , the novel takes as its framework the multi-layered but harmonious structure of medieval allegory .
the goal on each of these three planes is unity , and , appropriately , the novel takes as its [structure] the multi-layered but harmonious structure of medieval allegory .

the Master ( borrowed from Jacques le fataliste ) tells a somnolent Jacques about Kristeva 's use of Irigaray 's pronominal framework to describe the role of the narrator :
the master ( borrowed from jacques le fataliste ) tells a somnolent jacques about kristeva 's use of irigaray 's pronominal [structure] to describe the role of the narrator :

Both as social models and as models of narrative functioning , structuralist theories have gained wide currency within the institutional framework that determines how literature is read and the role it plays in society .
both as social models and as models of narrative functioning , structuralist theories have gained wide currency within the institutional [structure] that determines how literature is read and the role it plays in society .

It was within this ideological framework which was always present but as outlined above became to be more and more publicly articulated by the Tories prior to 1979 that the operations of the justice system in England and Wales need to be considered .
it was within this ideological [structure] which was always present but as outlined above became to be more and more publicly articulated by the tories prior to 1979 that the operations of the justice system in england and wales need to be considered .

These recommendations are part of the 1990 Government White Paper ( Home Office 1990a ) , which claimed to set out a coherent , legislative framework for sentencing , matching punishment to the seriousness of the crime , and making the distinction between violent and non-violent crime .
these recommendations are part of the 1990 government white paper ( home office 1990a ) , which claimed to set out a coherent , legislative [structure] for sentencing , matching punishment to the seriousness of the crime , and making the distinction between violent and non-violent crime .

Consideration of the Commission 's proposal for the telematics programme by both the European Parliament and the advisory bodies to the Research Council is going on apace and it is hoped that this programme will be one of the first from the third Framework programme to be adopted in 1991 .
consideration of the commission 's proposal for the telematics programme by both the european parliament and the advisory bodies to the research council is going on apace and it is hoped that this programme will be one of the first from the third [structure] programme to be adopted in 1991 .

As the research in intelligent knowledge-based systems has progressed steadily over the past decade , it has become increasingly clear that there are classes of complex problems which can not be solved by a single system in isolation ; they require several systems to work together interactively in a co- operative framework .
as the research in intelligent knowledge-based systems has progressed steadily over the past decade , it has become increasingly clear that there are classes of complex problems which can not be solved by a single system in isolation ; they require several systems to work together interactively in a co- operative [structure] .

It 's a vicious circle from which the only escape is to bring all parties together with some common framework such as Eureka with the prospect of Government support in order to reduce the very real financial risks involved .
it 's a vicious circle from which the only escape is to bring all parties together with some common [structure] such as eureka with the prospect of government support in order to reduce the very real financial risks involved .

These four sections provide a convenient framework for an examination of the Act .
these four sections provide a convenient [structure] for an examination of the act .

Above : Aptly named the Sun Lounge , this neat conservatory from Sunrise has a thermally efficient uPVC framework and sealed-unit double glazing so you can use it all year round . Available in any size , this version costs £6,750 ( including basework and installation )
above : aptly named the sun lounge , this neat conservatory from sunrise has a thermally efficient upvc [structure] and sealed-unit double glazing so you can use it all year round . available in any size , this version costs £6,750 ( including basework and installation )

Available in a wide range of sizes , the uPVC framework will never rot or corrode and the conservatory is double glazed throughout .
available in a wide range of sizes , the upvc [structure] will never rot or corrode and the conservatory is double glazed throughout .

Octagonal in shape , the framework is made from western red cedar and is available with single or double glazing throughout .
octagonal in shape , the [structure] is made from western red cedar and is available with single or double glazing throughout .

Its objectives are to promote education in skiing at schools or recognised youth organisations as part of the general framework or programme of educational physical activities .
its objectives are to promote education in skiing at schools or recognised youth organisations as part of the general [structure] or programme of educational physical activities .

The rough positions of the animals were pencilled onto this framework .
the rough positions of the animals were pencilled onto this [structure] .

To help things along we provide our usual framework of social activities , sharing costs between survivors .
to help things along we provide our usual [structure] of social activities , sharing costs between survivors .

They 're ideal for people by themselves , and everyone enjoys the framework of social activities we arrange .
they 're ideal for people by themselves , and everyone enjoys the [structure] of social activities we arrange .

We add our usual framework of activities which you 're welcome to join .
we add our usual [structure] of activities which you 're welcome to join .

We add our usual framework of activities which you 're welcome to join , sharing costs .
we add our usual [structure] of activities which you 're welcome to join , sharing costs .

We add our usual framework of activities , which you 're welcome to join , sharing costs .
we add our usual [structure] of activities , which you 're welcome to join , sharing costs .

These technologies could be said to be neo-Fordist — that is they make use of information technologies but within a framework determined in the Fordist era .
these technologies could be said to be neo-fordist — that is they make use of information technologies but within a [structure] determined in the fordist era .

An unratified Anglo-Ottoman accord of 1913 recognised the independence of Kuwait within the theoretical framework of the Ottoman Empire .
an unratified anglo-ottoman accord of 1913 recognised the independence of kuwait within the theoretical [structure] of the ottoman empire .

What the computer system enables us to do is input the various pieces of information for each case which are particular to that case but to run these pieces of information through a set framework of events which produce the appropriate documentation , thus achieving a cost effective and efficient system .
what the computer system enables us to do is input the various pieces of information for each case which are particular to that case but to run these pieces of information through a set [structure] of events which produce the appropriate documentation , thus achieving a cost effective and efficient system .

It is therefore highly appropriate that UAPT's-Infolink plc has introduced a new corporate structure in its 150th anniversary year to provide the framework for the continued success of the organisation .
it is therefore highly appropriate that uapt's-infolink plc has introduced a new corporate structure in its 150th anniversary year to provide the [structure] for the continued success of the organisation .

These attributes , so essential to good management , must be underpinned by a clear policy framework and a skilled , well-trained staff .
these attributes , so essential to good management , must be underpinned by a clear policy [structure] and a skilled , well-trained staff .

These trends and interrelationships can be illustrated most effectively by reference to the zone level of the Functional Regions framework , particularly the contrast between the Cores and Rings which make up the Daily Urban Systems of the 228 Functional Regions in Britain .
these trends and interrelationships can be illustrated most effectively by reference to the zone level of the functional regions [structure] , particularly the contrast between the cores and rings which make up the daily urban systems of the 228 functional regions in britain .

This is seen in the narrowing of the difference in growth rate between the Cores and Rings of the Functional Regions framework ( Table 4.6 ) .
this is seen in the narrowing of the difference in growth rate between the cores and rings of the functional regions [structure] ( table 4.6 ) .

These three domains can provide a framework for a consideration of the role of language in education .
these three domains can provide a [structure] for a consideration of the role of language in education .

Within a theoretical framework , they constitute the start , at least , of a serious and methodical study of language , though certainly one looking very different from a University undergraduate course in Linguistics .
within a theoretical [structure] , they constitute the start , at least , of a serious and methodical study of language , though certainly one looking very different from a university undergraduate course in linguistics .

The theoretical framework which underwrites the planning , attempts to keep together the four modes of language and their relation to learning and teaching in schools .
the theoretical [structure] which underwrites the planning , attempts to keep together the four modes of language and their relation to learning and teaching in schools .

— an account of a workshop organised within the framework of the June 1985 conference on The Supply and Training of Community Language Teachers by the National Council for Mother Tongue Teaching in conjunction with Lancashire Polytechnic .
— an account of a workshop organised within the [structure] of the june 1985 conference on the supply and training of community language teachers by the national council for mother tongue teaching in conjunction with lancashire polytechnic .

Teachers who on their own make the effort to design appropriate materials are doing a great and necessary job in the promotion of community languages , adding to the growing storehouses of available approaches : working groups for the creation of teaching materials can make this activity more efficient and exciting , especially when headteachers can be convinced of the value of such activities in the framework of the normal timetable of departmental meetings , perhaps using ‘ slack time ’ which becomes available during examination periods .
teachers who on their own make the effort to design appropriate materials are doing a great and necessary job in the promotion of community languages , adding to the growing storehouses of available approaches : working groups for the creation of teaching materials can make this activity more efficient and exciting , especially when headteachers can be convinced of the value of such activities in the [structure] of the normal timetable of departmental meetings , perhaps using ‘ slack time ’ which becomes available during examination periods .

This will require considerable competence on behalf of the teacher who will need to set the general framework .
this will require considerable competence on behalf of the teacher who will need to set the general [structure] .

The Act introduced a new development plan system as successor to that based on planning schemes : obligatory but more flexible , the plan was intended to outline a basic framework of future land use against which development proposals might be considered .
the act introduced a new development plan system as successor to that based on planning schemes : obligatory but more flexible , the plan was intended to outline a basic [structure] of future land use against which development proposals might be considered .

Glasgow , Liverpool , Newcastle and Leeds pressed on with their extensive highway systems , but other cities abandoned them and by the mid-1970s an urban road policy in the context of an explicit town planning framework was stood on its head .
glasgow , liverpool , newcastle and leeds pressed on with their extensive highway systems , but other cities abandoned them and by the mid-1970s an urban road policy in the context of an explicit town planning [structure] was stood on its head .

It depended for its success on the motives of those involved , like Jerry Crichton 's need for the satisfaction of peaceful authority or Toby Knight 's wish for a permissible framework to act out his resentment of the world .
it depended for its success on the motives of those involved , like jerry crichton 's need for the satisfaction of peaceful authority or toby knight 's wish for a permissible [structure] to act out his resentment of the world .

Darwinian evolutionism is an example of a theory that was adopted by middle-class thinkers because it portrayed Nature in terms that paralleled their preferred framework of society .
darwinian evolutionism is an example of a theory that was adopted by middle-class thinkers because it portrayed nature in terms that paralleled their preferred [structure] of society .

Conservative interests sought their own way of picturing the order of Nature , preferring images that admitted change only within the framework of a divinely preordained plan of creation .
conservative interests sought their own way of picturing the order of nature , preferring images that admitted change only within the [structure] of a divinely preordained plan of creation .

There was a passion for information among the general public , creating a vast demand for books and a framework of local organization in the form of natural-history societies and national bodies devoted to particular areas such as ornithology .
there was a passion for information among the general public , creating a vast demand for books and a [structure] of local organization in the form of natural-history societies and national bodies devoted to particular areas such as ornithology .

If the intellectual lead in the area of biology gradually switched to Germany in the course of the mid-century , Paris had already established the ideal framework through which to promote scientific research into animals and plants .
if the intellectual lead in the area of biology gradually switched to germany in the course of the mid-century , paris had already established the ideal [structure] through which to promote scientific research into animals and plants .

Opinions on a whole range of theoretical issues were polarized in ways that can be related to positions taken up in the struggle for control of the social framework of science .
opinions on a whole range of theoretical issues were polarized in ways that can be related to positions taken up in the struggle for control of the social [structure] of science .

To understand the conceptual framework of his contemporaries , we must look first at the efforts being made to uncover a pattern of development among the fossils .
to understand the conceptual [structure] of his contemporaries , we must look first at the efforts being made to uncover a pattern of development among the fossils .

Those naturalists who wanted to preserve a role for the supernatural in the creation of life were forced to try out a number of alternatives in an attempt to provide an explanatory framework that would serve as an alternative to evolutionism .
those naturalists who wanted to preserve a role for the supernatural in the creation of life were forced to try out a number of alternatives in an attempt to provide an explanatory [structure] that would serve as an alternative to evolutionism .

The cooling-earth theory provided the perfect framework for such a model of successive adaptive stages .
the cooling-earth theory provided the perfect [structure] for such a model of successive adaptive stages .

Chambers ' book thus played an important role in creating the framework of opinion into which Darwin 's theory would be received .
chambers ' book thus played an important role in creating the [structure] of opinion into which darwin 's theory would be received .

Other private universities including Harvard and the University of Chicago created a framework for elite scientific research freed from the immediate demands of industry .
other private universities including harvard and the university of chicago created a [structure] for elite scientific research freed from the immediate demands of industry .

This school had a different institutional framework based on applied research supported by agricultural stations , and had its roots in the European tradition of plant geography .
this school had a different institutional [structure] based on applied research supported by agricultural stations , and had its roots in the european tradition of plant geography .

Protestantism brought more impersonal social sanctions for the bereaved , emphasizing behaviour rather than feelings , but continued to provide a strong framework within which grief could be experienced .
protestantism brought more impersonal social sanctions for the bereaved , emphasizing behaviour rather than feelings , but continued to provide a strong [structure] within which grief could be experienced .

The need for precise application results in sprinkler heads , detection systems and nozzles being positioned within the framework of materials in store , increasing the possibility of these influences and also the problems of satisfactory installation , inspection and maintenance .
the need for precise application results in sprinkler heads , detection systems and nozzles being positioned within the [structure] of materials in store , increasing the possibility of these influences and also the problems of satisfactory installation , inspection and maintenance .

Drawing on Habermas ' analytical framework , we can say that in developing in this way , institutions of higher education are expanding the scope of their self-reflection and , in the process , are increasing their own self-understanding .
drawing on habermas ' analytical [structure] , we can say that in developing in this way , institutions of higher education are expanding the scope of their self-reflection and , in the process , are increasing their own self-understanding .

Thirdly , both conceptions of the higher education enterprise were developed and indeed articulated within the framework of a set of wider philosophical values and meanings .
thirdly , both conceptions of the higher education enterprise were developed and indeed articulated within the [structure] of a set of wider philosophical values and meanings .

So , whether we look purely to the way in which a corpus sustains itself internally , or to the production of new perspectives for the corpus , or to the intermingling of different corpuses , or finally to standing outside a corpus altogether and developing a critique of it , we can see that reason is exhibited within and given sense by a framework with its own tacit rules .
so , whether we look purely to the way in which a corpus sustains itself internally , or to the production of new perspectives for the corpus , or to the intermingling of different corpuses , or finally to standing outside a corpus altogether and developing a critique of it , we can see that reason is exhibited within and given sense by a [structure] with its own tacit rules .

Ethical choices , then , enter into a discipline at all sorts of levels , from its overarching framework of values , through the specific truth criteria in current use , to their application on specific occasions .
ethical choices , then , enter into a discipline at all sorts of levels , from its overarching [structure] of values , through the specific truth criteria in current use , to their application on specific occasions .

We have to see through this framework of thought for what it is : nothing short of academic ideology .
we have to see through this [structure] of thought for what it is : nothing short of academic ideology .

Certainly , that movement of mind normally takes place in a bounded framework of study , i.e .
certainly , that movement of mind normally takes place in a bounded [structure] of study , i.e .

But it is not right for a member of the teaching staff to so present that disciplinary framework that the student is unable to view it from the outside or is discouraged from officering an alternative perspective from another discipline .
but it is not right for a member of the teaching staff to so present that disciplinary [structure] that the student is unable to view it from the outside or is discouraged from officering an alternative perspective from another discipline .

This means that , for most academics at least , research and teaching require an institutional framework .
this means that , for most academics at least , research and teaching require an institutional [structure] .

The student may come to appreciate that each concept , or theory or professional practice is set within a particular framework of thought or action .
the student may come to appreciate that each concept , or theory or professional practice is set within a particular [structure] of thought or action .

Philosophy has value in two ways : first , in helping the student to form an understanding of the character of knowledge claims in the student 's discipline ; and , secondly , in giving the student a framework in which to pose value questions of the course of studies . The types of question a philosophical perspective could prompt might include :
philosophy has value in two ways : first , in helping the student to form an understanding of the character of knowledge claims in the student 's discipline ; and , secondly , in giving the student a [structure] in which to pose value questions of the course of studies . the types of question a philosophical perspective could prompt might include :

They can provide the makings of a common framework for a critical understanding of knowledge which any student on any programme of study should have at least some acquaintance with .
they can provide the makings of a common [structure] for a critical understanding of knowledge which any student on any programme of study should have at least some acquaintance with .

( Blue does n't reproduce when photographed for printing ) Within this framework the typeset text would be stuck down and photographs and illustrations added as required .
( blue does n't reproduce when photographed for printing ) within this [structure] the typeset text would be stuck down and photographs and illustrations added as required .

And that 's just about it for the basic framework of the publication .
and that 's just about it for the basic [structure] of the publication .

Today 's well known examples of integration include such industry mammoth 's as Lotus ' 1–2–3 , Jazz and Symphony , Ashton Tate 's Framework , Microsoft 's up and coming Excel together with a host of upstarts like Twin and Integrated 7 from Mosaic .
today 's well known examples of integration include such industry mammoth 's as lotus ' 1–2–3 , jazz and symphony , ashton tate 's [structure] , microsoft 's up and coming excel together with a host of upstarts like twin and integrated 7 from mosaic .

However , Taylor and Walton ( 1971 ) have provided a sociological framework of analysis .
however , taylor and walton ( 1971 ) have provided a sociological [structure] of analysis .

Conflict keeps the organisation sensitive to the need to change , while reinforcing its essential framework of control .
conflict keeps the organisation sensitive to the need to change , while reinforcing its essential [structure] of control .

It is worth reiterating the point that the dominant , mainstream cultures of organisations are broadly acceptable within the framework of the formal organisation structure .
it is worth reiterating the point that the dominant , mainstream cultures of organisations are broadly acceptable within the [structure] of the formal organisation structure .

Around this framework , Adair developed a scheme of leadership training based on precept and practice in each of eight leadership activities :
around this [structure] , adair developed a scheme of leadership training based on precept and practice in each of eight leadership activities :

Her prophetic framework was based largely on the writings of Thomas Brightman [ q.v . ]
her prophetic [structure] was based largely on the writings of thomas brightman [ q.v . ]

Within a providential framework , her writings reveal staunch Royalist views and a distinctly Anglican Restoration piety expressed through the set forms of the Common Prayer Book and the regular orderly celebration of the sacraments .
within a providential [structure] , her writings reveal staunch royalist views and a distinctly anglican restoration piety expressed through the set forms of the common prayer book and the regular orderly celebration of the sacraments .

As principal lady inspector Anderson sought to create a rational framework for inspection while preserving the independence and enlarging the sphere of activity of the women 's branch .
as principal lady inspector anderson sought to create a rational [structure] for inspection while preserving the independence and enlarging the sphere of activity of the women 's branch .

It is both experimental and learned , aiming ‘ to strike a little out of ’ the beaten track of novels and essays , with scenes and dialogue borrowed from the drama , an allegorical framework explicitly borrowed from Edmund Spenser [ q.v . ]
it is both experimental and learned , aiming ‘ to strike a little out of ’ the beaten track of novels and essays , with scenes and dialogue borrowed from the drama , an allegorical [structure] explicitly borrowed from edmund spenser [ q.v . ]

Both were inspired by the potential of law to create a disciplined framework for global technological and social change .
both were inspired by the potential of law to create a disciplined [structure] for global technological and social change .

In 1919 a Secret Service committee of senior ministers was established to monitor its development and decide the delicate issues involved in fitting it into its democratic framework .
in 1919 a secret service committee of senior ministers was established to monitor its development and decide the delicate issues involved in fitting it into its democratic [structure] .

In 1725 he was employed by Graham to construct the framework of the eight-feet mural quadrant for Edmond Halley [ q.v . ]
in 1725 he was employed by graham to construct the [structure] of the eight-feet mural quadrant for edmond halley [ q.v . ]

The contradiction remains that in a liberal framework , feminism can be tolerated in a piecemeal way , and be claimed as evidence of enlightenment and progress , so long as nothing else — the rest — has to change .
the contradiction remains that in a liberal [structure] , feminism can be tolerated in a piecemeal way , and be claimed as evidence of enlightenment and progress , so long as nothing else — the rest — has to change .

Ultimately , it is necessary to develop forms of trade union education which tackle , as well as the collective bargaining framework and negotiating tactics , issues of control and power .
ultimately , it is necessary to develop forms of trade union education which tackle , as well as the collective bargaining [structure] and negotiating tactics , issues of control and power .

The first is that the social purpose framework — of raising collective working-class consciousness through critical , liberal educational processes — has been of central importance in the development of community adult education practice in Britain .
the first is that the social purpose [structure] — of raising collective working-class consciousness through critical , liberal educational processes — has been of central importance in the development of community adult education practice in britain .

Whilst such experimentation in community education may be small-scale it does provide the opportunity for adult education to demonstrate in microcosm the potential for change that inheres within the adult education framework , given the right political context .
whilst such experimentation in community education may be small-scale it does provide the opportunity for adult education to demonstrate in microcosm the potential for change that inheres within the adult education [structure] , given the right political context .

This is because both assist a reader or listener to relate individual events and pieces of information into an organised framework .
this is because both assist a reader or listener to relate individual events and pieces of information into an organised [structure] .

It is clear that , within the framework of a dual-route model of spelling , phonological dysgraphia is the pattern you would expect if the non-lexical procedure for spelling is selectively damaged , and surface dysgraphia is the pattern expected if it is the lexical procedure for spelling that is the damaged one .
it is clear that , within the [structure] of a dual-route model of spelling , phonological dysgraphia is the pattern you would expect if the non-lexical procedure for spelling is selectively damaged , and surface dysgraphia is the pattern expected if it is the lexical procedure for spelling that is the damaged one .

This institutional framework was imitated at all but the lowest levels of the party hierarchy .
this institutional [structure] was imitated at all but the lowest levels of the party hierarchy .

Demands for national self-determination , from Scotland to Catalonia , have been stimulated by the development of the European Community , which has both exacerbated perceptions of distance from the decision-making process and provided a familiar and supportive framework within which the newly independent states could operate .
demands for national self-determination , from scotland to catalonia , have been stimulated by the development of the european community , which has both exacerbated perceptions of distance from the decision-making process and provided a familiar and supportive [structure] within which the newly independent states could operate .

The result has been that within the legal framework , policies have been chosen on an ad hoc basis .
the result has been that within the legal [structure] , policies have been chosen on an ad hoc basis .

The King model of pediplanation provided a framework for an interpretation of the vegetation patterns of the savannas of the southern hemisphere and in a series of papers Cole ( e.g .
the king model of pediplanation provided a [structure] for an interpretation of the vegetation patterns of the savannas of the southern hemisphere and in a series of papers cole ( e.g .

Büdel distinguished three generations of geomorphology namely dynamic which concerns the study of particular processes ; climatic which considers the total complex of present processes in their climatic framework ; and climatogenetic geomorphology which involves the analysis of the entire relief including features adjusted to the contemporary climate and also produced by former climates .
büdel distinguished three generations of geomorphology namely dynamic which concerns the study of particular processes ; climatic which considers the total complex of present processes in their climatic [structure] ; and climatogenetic geomorphology which involves the analysis of the entire relief including features adjusted to the contemporary climate and also produced by former climates .

planation surfaces should be considered in the general framework of plate tectonics , sea floor spreading , and the resulting change of continental areas with respect to the position of climatic zones .
planation surfaces should be considered in the general [structure] of plate tectonics , sea floor spreading , and the resulting change of continental areas with respect to the position of climatic zones .

One of the most striking developments was a nine-unit landsurface model proposed ( Conacher and Dalrymple , 1977 ) as an appropriate framework for pedogeomorphic research .
one of the most striking developments was a nine-unit landsurface model proposed ( conacher and dalrymple , 1977 ) as an appropriate [structure] for pedogeomorphic research .

In the fields of glacial and periglacial geomorphology the first modern textbook ( Embleton and King , 1968 ) was soon followed by others ( Price , 1973 ) ; and later work utilized a systems framework ( Andrews , 1975 ; Sugden and John , 1976 ) as indicated later ( p. 159 ) .
in the fields of glacial and periglacial geomorphology the first modern textbook ( embleton and king , 1968 ) was soon followed by others ( price , 1973 ) ; and later work utilized a systems [structure] ( andrews , 1975 ; sugden and john , 1976 ) as indicated later ( p. 159 ) .

It simply did not , and does not , offer a framework on which to hang a convincing story … the geographer , when he analyses the material properties of the man-environment systems , must base himself on the central functions of that system , rather than on the traditional divisions of physical geography .
it simply did not , and does not , offer a [structure] on which to hang a convincing story … the geographer , when he analyses the material properties of the man-environment systems , must base himself on the central functions of that system , rather than on the traditional divisions of physical geography .

Simmons proceeds to offer a stronger conceptual framework .
simmons proceeds to offer a stronger conceptual [structure] .

Despite the widespread incorporation of the systems approach into branches of physical geography and its increasing use as a framework for textbook structures , some disillusionment has occurred , possibly because the systems approach did not immediately offer all that was at first hoped .
despite the widespread incorporation of the systems approach into branches of physical geography and its increasing use as a [structure] for textbook structures , some disillusionment has occurred , possibly because the systems approach did not immediately offer all that was at first hoped .

First , it is monistic and brings together environment , man and the plant and animal world within a single framework in which interaction between the components could be analysed .
first , it is monistic and brings together environment , man and the plant and animal world within a single [structure] in which interaction between the components could be analysed .

General systems theory was proposed by a biologist Ludwig von Bertalanffy ( 1901- ) as an analytical framework and procedure for all sciences .
general systems theory was proposed by a biologist ludwig von bertalanffy ( 1901- ) as an analytical [structure] and procedure for all sciences .

The scientist taking a more generalist view should concentrate upon the structure and magnitude at all levels of magnitude , fit detail into the general framework and , by endeavouring to identify relationships , believe that some knowledge of connected complexity is preferable to an even more detailed specialized knowledge .
the scientist taking a more generalist view should concentrate upon the structure and magnitude at all levels of magnitude , fit detail into the general [structure] and , by endeavouring to identify relationships , believe that some knowledge of connected complexity is preferable to an even more detailed specialized knowledge .

An additional approach to geography as a whole using a systems framework has been advocated by Wilson ( 1981 ) .
an additional approach to geography as a whole using a systems [structure] has been advocated by wilson ( 1981 ) .

Thus in her Physical Geography King ( 1980a ) adopts a systems framework in combination with an emphasis upon three scales of investigation and treats local-scale studies and continental-scale studies , and global-scale studies separately .
thus in her physical geography king ( 1980a ) adopts a systems [structure] in combination with an emphasis upon three scales of investigation and treats local-scale studies and continental-scale studies , and global-scale studies separately .

In presenting a geomorphological approach to glaciers and landscape Sugden and John ( 1976 ) utilize a simple systems approach as a vehicle for the explanation of complicated ideas because they believe ‘ in the value of a systems framework as a powerful explanatory tool ’ .
in presenting a geomorphological approach to glaciers and landscape sugden and john ( 1976 ) utilize a simple systems approach as a vehicle for the explanation of complicated ideas because they believe ‘ in the value of a systems [structure] as a powerful explanatory tool ’ .

More recently Sugden ( 1982 ) has utilized a systems framework for his synthesis of the character of the Arctic and Antarctic .
more recently sugden ( 1982 ) has utilized a systems [structure] for his synthesis of the character of the arctic and antarctic .

In climatology the system has been adopted as providing a suitable framework and appears as the introductory foundation for Causes of Climate ( Lockwood , 1979a ) , where it is argued that the application of systems theory and mathematics has completely changed the subject of climatology .
in climatology the system has been adopted as providing a suitable [structure] and appears as the introductory foundation for causes of climate ( lockwood , 1979a ) , where it is argued that the application of systems theory and mathematics has completely changed the subject of climatology .

The cleft in the rock made a dramatic framework to the distant mountains , reminding Melissa of her initial reason for this expedition .
the cleft in the rock made a dramatic [structure] to the distant mountains , reminding melissa of her initial reason for this expedition .

The regime established by the neutralisation of an entire region could be based on a framework of obligations undertaken by the Great Powers to desist or refrain from particular forms of military involvement in that region , in particular the maintenance of military bases , facilities and alliance systems .
the regime established by the neutralisation of an entire region could be based on a [structure] of obligations undertaken by the great powers to desist or refrain from particular forms of military involvement in that region , in particular the maintenance of military bases , facilities and alliance systems .

In his memoirs President Carter 's National Security Adviser , Zbigniew Brzezinski , relates that he had urged Carter already in February 1979 to abandon earlier plans to demilitarise the Indian Ocean and to adopt a new ‘ security framework ’ to reassert American power and influence in the region .
in his memoirs president carter 's national security adviser , zbigniew brzezinski , relates that he had urged carter already in february 1979 to abandon earlier plans to demilitarise the indian ocean and to adopt a new ‘ security [structure] ’ to reassert american power and influence in the region .

It was implicitly understood in this agreement that a political solution would ultimately involve the emergence of a coalition regime within the framework of a settlement ; the Soviet Union indicated to a number of non-aligned states including India that it was not averse to such a development .
it was implicitly understood in this agreement that a political solution would ultimately involve the emergence of a coalition regime within the [structure] of a settlement ; the soviet union indicated to a number of non-aligned states including india that it was not averse to such a development .

More recently the Soviet leadership under Gorbachev has attempted to revive the framework of Asian collective security through promoting a range of interlocking initiatives addressing military and security issues in the Asian-Pacific region .
more recently the soviet leadership under gorbachev has attempted to revive the [structure] of asian collective security through promoting a range of interlocking initiatives addressing military and security issues in the asian-pacific region .

He claimed that such ‘ unclear matters ’ had been eliminated following recent high-level Soviet-Indian talks , and cited Rajiv Gandhi to the effect that the principles of non-alignment ‘ provide a legal and political framework for an analysis of the complex and particular problems of peace and security in the Asian-Pacific region ’ .
he claimed that such ‘ unclear matters ’ had been eliminated following recent high-level soviet-indian talks , and cited rajiv gandhi to the effect that the principles of non-alignment ‘ provide a legal and political [structure] for an analysis of the complex and particular problems of peace and security in the asian-pacific region ’ .

The main ridge and the laterals only provide the framework for the island , for , as will be described below , the development of sand dunes and of salt marsh is of the greatest importance in the history of offshore features of this type .
the main ridge and the laterals only provide the [structure] for the island , for , as will be described below , the development of sand dunes and of salt marsh is of the greatest importance in the history of offshore features of this type .

Each department has its own history , traditions and culture , and to impose a general framework to account for their development is not easy .
each department has its own history , traditions and culture , and to impose a general [structure] to account for their development is not easy .

As Haynes points out , the planning process reflected this in that it ‘ usually took the form of a series of isolated , departmental exercises which lacked any common framework of reference apart from the central control of financial input ’ ( Haynes , 1980 , p. 82 ) .
as haynes points out , the planning process reflected this in that it ‘ usually took the form of a series of isolated , departmental exercises which lacked any common [structure] of reference apart from the central control of financial input ’ ( haynes , 1980 , p. 82 ) .

Senior managers should be able to look to the external environment in order to obtain messages about likely future trends , for example in the demand for services , resources that may be available , changes in the legislative framework , etc .
senior managers should be able to look to the external environment in order to obtain messages about likely future trends , for example in the demand for services , resources that may be available , changes in the legislative [structure] , etc .

For example , local government depends on Parliament and government to determine the financial framework .
for example , local government depends on parliament and government to determine the financial [structure] .

The new relationship , which will be set out in framework documents agreed between the minister and the chief executive of the agency , will cover areas such as recruitment and staff management , planning and financial arrangements .
the new relationship , which will be set out in [structure] documents agreed between the minister and the chief executive of the agency , will cover areas such as recruitment and staff management , planning and financial arrangements .

There are a few solutions , such as improvisation on a ground bass , on a theme , or using a skeleton harmonic framework as in jazz .
there are a few solutions , such as improvisation on a ground bass , on a theme , or using a skeleton harmonic [structure] as in jazz .

But though it may sound free and uninhibited , the skeleton framework of harmony or a theme , which can remain almost completely hidden , supports the whole and gives it its coherence .
but though it may sound free and uninhibited , the skeleton [structure] of harmony or a theme , which can remain almost completely hidden , supports the whole and gives it its coherence .

It is most necessary , before we begin , to have some idea of the skeleton framework which will shape the theme and create its total form .
it is most necessary , before we begin , to have some idea of the skeleton [structure] which will shape the theme and create its total form .

Perhaps Puccini discovered part of the secret of including a degree of narration within a melodic framework which could be called an ‘ aria ’ without upsetting the melodic and formal definition of the music .
perhaps puccini discovered part of the secret of including a degree of narration within a melodic [structure] which could be called an ‘ aria ’ without upsetting the melodic and formal definition of the music .

There are two main ways of creating atonality : one is to begin with a tonal framework and then obscure it ; the other is to ignore conventional harmonies altogether and use only note-combinations which do not suggest tonalities .
there are two main ways of creating atonality : one is to begin with a tonal [structure] and then obscure it ; the other is to ignore conventional harmonies altogether and use only note-combinations which do not suggest tonalities .

The committee structure set out in Figure 3.2 represents the collective decision-making framework of the Modular Course .
the committee structure set out in figure 3.2 represents the collective decision-making [structure] of the modular course .

It is notable , in this context , that the Modular Course timetabling system ( including both the ‘ slotting ’ framework , and the timetabling process described above ) favours no part of the week .
it is notable , in this context , that the modular course timetabling system ( including both the ‘ slotting ’ [structure] , and the timetabling process described above ) favours no part of the week .

By sticking to a small basic unit ( 100 or 120 hours of student effort ) delivered across terms ( three per year , and with the development of a summer school , potentially four ) Oxford has established a pattern of regular assessment , and regular award-making examinations boards , that depends upon an intensity of academic staff commitment that other institutions would find difficult if not impossible to implement within the current framework of practice and conditions of service .
by sticking to a small basic unit ( 100 or 120 hours of student effort ) delivered across terms ( three per year , and with the development of a summer school , potentially four ) oxford has established a pattern of regular assessment , and regular award-making examinations boards , that depends upon an intensity of academic staff commitment that other institutions would find difficult if not impossible to implement within the current [structure] of practice and conditions of service .

There have been several instances of polytechnic or college academic boards adopting a ‘ modular policy ’ which requires specified courses , over time , to move into a common framework of delivery ( usually achieved administratively by common timetabling and academically by convergence of course titles and examination arrangements ) .
there have been several instances of polytechnic or college academic boards adopting a ‘ modular policy ’ which requires specified courses , over time , to move into a common [structure] of delivery ( usually achieved administratively by common timetabling and academically by convergence of course titles and examination arrangements ) .

It tends to be exclusive rather than inclusive , in that our thinking may be confined to those matters which fall within accepted categories rather than accepting that all situations to which the law pertains can give rise to legal problems despite the fact that there is no immediately available legal framework for their solution .
it tends to be exclusive rather than inclusive , in that our thinking may be confined to those matters which fall within accepted categories rather than accepting that all situations to which the law pertains can give rise to legal problems despite the fact that there is no immediately available legal [structure] for their solution .

Nevertheless the taxation rules remain significant in providing the framework within which the parties can negotiate .
nevertheless the taxation rules remain significant in providing the [structure] within which the parties can negotiate .

This article discusses these issues and proposes a framework for comprehensive assessment with older people and their carers , derived from development work with social workers in a number of local authorities .
this article discusses these issues and proposes a [structure] for comprehensive assessment with older people and their carers , derived from development work with social workers in a number of local authorities .

provide a coherent framework for understanding and prioritizing the complex information gathered from a range of different sources ;
provide a coherent [structure] for understanding and prioritizing the complex information gathered from a range of different sources ;

provide clear guidelines , instructions , and a sound framework for the comprehensive assessment process and these should be developed with practitioners ;
provide clear guidelines , instructions , and a sound [structure] for the comprehensive assessment process and these should be developed with practitioners ;

It is clear that practitioners need a framework to help them manage this process , to produce a degree of consistency of purpose , scope , and content of assessment across different practitioners , whilst also enabling the assessment process to be adapted flexibly to individual people and their circumstances .
it is clear that practitioners need a [structure] to help them manage this process , to produce a degree of consistency of purpose , scope , and content of assessment across different practitioners , whilst also enabling the assessment process to be adapted flexibly to individual people and their circumstances .

However , of themselves , they offer no more than a functional approach to assessment , and therefore must be organized into a framework which is based on the principles defined above .
however , of themselves , they offer no more than a functional approach to assessment , and therefore must be organized into a [structure] which is based on the principles defined above .

In order to accommodate these principles , the framework should :
in order to accommodate these principles , the [structure] should :

Figure 1 depicts this data-collection phase of the framework , and presents schematically a model which incorporates the principles identified .
figure 1 depicts this data-collection phase of the [structure] , and presents schematically a model which incorporates the principles identified .

It is rather a graphic representation of the various elements , dimensions , and perspectives which need to be incorporated into the framework and the process of data collection .
it is rather a graphic representation of the various elements , dimensions , and perspectives which need to be incorporated into the [structure] and the process of data collection .

This paper has described in some detail a possible framework for comprehensive assessment of older people , starting from an analysis of current practice and based on principles derived with practitioners and middle managers of social service departments .
this paper has described in some detail a possible [structure] for comprehensive assessment of older people , starting from an analysis of current practice and based on principles derived with practitioners and middle managers of social service departments .

The framework has been designed to facilitate management of the process without reducing the task to an over-simplified and limited data collection exercise .
the [structure] has been designed to facilitate management of the process without reducing the task to an over-simplified and limited data collection exercise .

Weiner 's ( 1986 ) cognitive theory of emotions provides a theoretical framework for the above .
weiner 's ( 1986 ) cognitive theory of emotions provides a theoretical [structure] for the above .

The problem of aesthetic modernism can perhaps be best approached via the time-tested framework of the sociology of modernized .
the problem of aesthetic modernism can perhaps be best approached via the time-tested [structure] of the sociology of modernized .

In Western music the established framework for stability and order has been the diatonic harmonic system which was developed in the Renaissance .
in western music the established [structure] for stability and order has been the diatonic harmonic system which was developed in the renaissance .

In the end , however , this movement always falls back into order or into ‘ cadence ’ ; back into the framework of the triad , the element of ‘ authority , stability , consonance and repose ’ .
in the end , however , this movement always falls back into order or into ‘ cadence ’ ; back into the [structure] of the triad , the element of ‘ authority , stability , consonance and repose ’ .

The idea was to create a spatial framework that would carry the sightline of viewers towards a central focus .
the idea was to create a spatial [structure] that would carry the sightline of viewers towards a central focus .

Berlin naturalism , which thrived in the framework of the ‘ Verein der Freie Bühne ’ , a large proportion of whose sponsorship and membership was Jewish , was called ‘ Arme-Leute Theater ’ and ‘ Juden-Theater ’ by its opponents .
berlin naturalism , which thrived in the [structure] of the ‘ verein der freie bühne ’ , a large proportion of whose sponsorship and membership was jewish , was called ‘ arme-leute theater ’ and ‘ juden-theater ’ by its opponents .

He recast , in a piece published in English only in 1987 , Weber 's model of religious change in the framework of cultural markets .
he recast , in a piece published in english only in 1987 , weber 's model of religious change in the [structure] of cultural markets .

This sort of framework attributes a much greater importance to the real , existing economy than Bourdieu 's own analyses .
this sort of [structure] attributes a much greater importance to the real , existing economy than bourdieu 's own analyses .

This chapter will focus on the English law of rape , its relationship with other sexual offences and the options for reform within the present framework of the law .
this chapter will focus on the english law of rape , its relationship with other sexual offences and the options for reform within the present [structure] of the law .

The hallmark of proposals for radical reform is a rejection of the existing legal framework in favour of the introduction of new offences with a different emphasis .
the hallmark of proposals for radical reform is a rejection of the existing legal [structure] in favour of the introduction of new offences with a different emphasis .

Wycliffe saw a gull which seemed to be standing on the water but as he watched it took off with a derisive squawk and he caught sight of the lattice framework of the Wheel lifting to the swell .
wycliffe saw a gull which seemed to be standing on the water but as he watched it took off with a derisive squawk and he caught sight of the lattice [structure] of the wheel lifting to the swell .

Most of the framework of the Wheel was now visible ; scorched and blackened branches of yew and laurel were still entangled with the osiers along with the seaweeds , but there was no sign of the Scapegoat .
most of the [structure] of the wheel was now visible ; scorched and blackened branches of yew and laurel were still entangled with the osiers along with the seaweeds , but there was no sign of the scapegoat .

The plan has ten key priorities with specific action points that provide a framework for the Institute 's activities over each 12-month period .
the plan has ten key priorities with specific action points that provide a [structure] for the institute 's activities over each 12-month period .

4 Future framework
4 future [structure]

Consultation with the Institute 's Regions on the new educational framework has been completed .
consultation with the institute 's regions on the new educational [structure] has been completed .

The new educational framework , which has been through an extensive consultation process with practice committees and the Regions , will replace the current Member Part 1 and 11 examinations and will be phased in from September next year .
the new educational [structure] , which has been through an extensive consultation process with practice committees and the regions , will replace the current member part 1 and 11 examinations and will be phased in from september next year .

NVQs are part of a government scheme to establish a national framework of qualifications across all industries .
nvqs are part of a government scheme to establish a national [structure] of qualifications across all industries .

More awareness also needs to be integrated into the educational framework and programs .
more awareness also needs to be integrated into the educational [structure] and programs .

The professional framework will be in place — systems have been designed to support the all important task of needs assessments .
the professional [structure] will be in place — systems have been designed to support the all important task of needs assessments .

The paper , called ‘ Restoring the Balance ’ , argued for a decentralised system of local government within the framework of the one all-purpose authority based on the existing Lothian boundary .
the paper , called ‘ restoring the balance ’ , argued for a decentralised system of local government within the [structure] of the one all-purpose authority based on the existing lothian boundary .

Distinct from the current Teleworking project , Lothian Regional Council has a framework document which allows male and female employees to telework is appropriate .
distinct from the current teleworking project , lothian regional council has a [structure] document which allows male and female employees to telework is appropriate .

In all cases other than those described above , individual placements will be arranged within the pricing framework outlined below .
in all cases other than those described above , individual placements will be arranged within the pricing [structure] outlined below .

To adopt this approach successfully it is important that government has a clearly defined framework for investment in research .
to adopt this approach successfully it is important that government has a clearly defined [structure] for investment in research .

This framework must be agreed in partnership with industry , and not just the large companies but also the many thousands of smaller companies that form such an important part of our industrial base .
this [structure] must be agreed in partnership with industry , and not just the large companies but also the many thousands of smaller companies that form such an important part of our industrial base .

We believe that harnessing the technology base to the goals of wealth creation within a strategic framework overseen by the Office of Science and Technology is an important principle .
we believe that harnessing the technology base to the goals of wealth creation within a strategic [structure] overseen by the office of science and technology is an important principle .

Government can play an essential role as a catalyst and in establishing the framework in which successful technology transfer can be achieved .
government can play an essential role as a catalyst and in establishing the [structure] in which successful technology transfer can be achieved .

Specifically , we believe that changes to the Framework and Implementing Regulations are required in the following areas :
specifically , we believe that changes to the [structure] and implementing regulations are required in the following areas :

Article 1 of the Framework Regulation ( 2052/88 ) should stipulate that all Structural Fund operations must be consistent with the principles of sustainable development .
article 1 of the [structure] regulation ( 2052/88 ) should stipulate that all structural fund operations must be consistent with the principles of sustainable development .

Strategic Planning Guidance … can provide the framework to begin the necessary work which will have to be undertaken if sustainability is to be given any credence within the development plan framework .
strategic planning guidance … can provide the [structure] to begin the necessary work which will have to be undertaken if sustainability is to be given any credence within the development plan [structure] .

Second , there would be great advantage in trying to develop a somewhat more coherent framework or strategy to achieve the goal of enabling local action .
second , there would be great advantage in trying to develop a somewhat more coherent [structure] or strategy to achieve the goal of enabling local action .

The Department of the Environment 's Draft Framework
the department of the environment 's draft [structure]

We agree that the fact that a completely new organisation , with a unique combination of responsibilities , inherited statutory powers and duties designed for another era and a different institutional framework , does not make it easy for the Council achieve its aspirations .
we agree that the fact that a completely new organisation , with a unique combination of responsibilities , inherited statutory powers and duties designed for another era and a different institutional [structure] , does not make it easy for the council achieve its aspirations .

When all other subjects are to be described in terms of attainment targets , strands and levels , Religious Education must consider the implication of ignoring or accepting such a framework .
when all other subjects are to be described in terms of attainment targets , strands and levels , religious education must consider the implication of ignoring or accepting such a [structure] .

Catholic schools continue and , indeed , are expected to provide a moral framework in a society which no longer has a common moral code .
catholic schools continue and , indeed , are expected to provide a moral [structure] in a society which no longer has a common moral code .

The framework of the grid itself is decorated with simple guilloche , which is present in the Blackfriars mosaic ( pI .
the [structure] of the grid itself is decorated with simple guilloche , which is present in the blackfriars mosaic ( pi .

The framework of the mosaic was of simple guilloche ( as at Gloucester ; St. Nicholas Street , Leicester ; and Great Witcombe ) , with an outer border of four-strand guilloche .
the [structure] of the mosaic was of simple guilloche ( as at gloucester ; st. nicholas street , leicester ; and great witcombe ) , with an outer border of four-strand guilloche .

Only one of the small tilted squares is preserved , this supports a guilloche knot ( aligned with the axes of the grid framework ) .
only one of the small tilted squares is preserved , this supports a guilloche knot ( aligned with the axes of the grid [structure] ) .

This should be backed up by improved public transport , within the framework of overall traffic management plans to be drawn up with highway authorities .
this should be backed up by improved public transport , within the [structure] of overall traffic management plans to be drawn up with highway authorities .

The convention , which has been proposed by Greenpeace , would not so much be concerned with enforcement and punishment but " would be more a guidance framework to be introduced into the thinking of governments " , declared Richard Falk , professor of international law at Harvard University and one of the keynote speakers at the conference .
the convention , which has been proposed by greenpeace , would not so much be concerned with enforcement and punishment but " would be more a guidance [structure] to be introduced into the thinking of governments " , declared richard falk , professor of international law at harvard university and one of the keynote speakers at the conference .

Originally drawn up in 1959 , the Antarctic Treaty provides an international framework for human activities in the area .
originally drawn up in 1959 , the antarctic treaty provides an international [structure] for human activities in the area .

In Sperber and Wilson 's ( 1986 ) framework , a summary is an example of an utterance which is relevant as an interpretation of another utterance ( or block of utterances ) .
in sperber and wilson 's ( 1986 ) [structure] , a summary is an example of an utterance which is relevant as an interpretation of another utterance ( or block of utterances ) .

The speaker of [ 14 ] was a newsreader on Radio 4 : In a Gricean framework ( Grice 1981 ) , a speaker who produces an utterance knowing in advance that the hearer will not be able to establish its relevance would be said to be deliberately flouting the maxim of relation in order to achieve a special effect .
the speaker of [ 14 ] was a newsreader on radio 4 : in a gricean [structure] ( grice 1981 ) , a speaker who produces an utterance knowing in advance that the hearer will not be able to establish its relevance would be said to be deliberately flouting the maxim of relation in order to achieve a special effect .

Non-statutory framework
non-statutory [structure]

Within this framework a wide range of other headings is covered , from gender to register , from implied reader to cinematic techniques , from deviation to rhyme , sound and rhythm .
within this [structure] a wide range of other headings is covered , from gender to register , from implied reader to cinematic techniques , from deviation to rhyme , sound and rhythm .

But the permitted alternatives that do arise must be : There are a series of methodological and philosophical problems in this framework of assumptions .
but the permitted alternatives that do arise must be : there are a series of methodological and philosophical problems in this [structure] of assumptions .

Those who employ linguistics to study literature form some kind of social network with distinct practices and a skeletal institutional framework , defined at least by overt inter-disciplinary norms .
those who employ linguistics to study literature form some kind of social network with distinct practices and a skeletal institutional [structure] , defined at least by overt inter-disciplinary norms .

This framework presumably imposes interpretative limits .
this [structure] presumably imposes interpretative limits .

The Manifesto had called for `` Unity of all sections of the working class movement `` for `` the return of a Labour government `` , and `` Unity within the framework of the Labour Party and the Trade Unions `` .
the manifesto had called for `` unity of all sections of the working class movement `` for `` the return of a labour government `` , and `` unity within the [structure] of the labour party and the trade unions `` .

Members of the League and supporters of the Unity Manifesto had repeatedly called for `` Unity within the framework of the Labour Party `` .
members of the league and supporters of the unity manifesto had repeatedly called for `` unity within the [structure] of the labour party `` .

Work in the Modern Studies department began with an experimental datafile based on `` Parliament `` in 1983-4 and is gradually extending to cover the proposed Standard Grade framework .
work in the modern studies department began with an experimental datafile based on `` parliament `` in 1983-4 and is gradually extending to cover the proposed standard grade [structure] .

The information skills framework
the information skills [structure]

Information skills in relation to computerized information retrieval are developed within the following framework information awareness and the information cycle of selecting , processing and communicating information computer awareness : the difference between databases and datafiles information needs awareness : the articulation of purpose information source awareness : identifying , selecting and using relevant sources of information which encompasses the multi-level cognitive skills of analysis , negotiation , interpretation and synthesis .
information skills in relation to computerized information retrieval are developed within the following [structure] information awareness and the information cycle of selecting , processing and communicating information computer awareness : the difference between databases and datafiles information needs awareness : the articulation of purpose information source awareness : identifying , selecting and using relevant sources of information which encompasses the multi-level cognitive skills of analysis , negotiation , interpretation and synthesis .

Some of the material for this framework was developed from work done on an earlier pupil-created datafile project .
some of the material for this [structure] was developed from work done on an earlier pupil-created datafile project .

The committee argued that conditions , standards and attitudes had changed so greatly since the early days of minerals planning that a major recasting of the legislative framework was needed .
the committee argued that conditions , standards and attitudes had changed so greatly since the early days of minerals planning that a major recasting of the legislative [structure] was needed .

The Land Commission had to work within the framework of the planning system .
the land commission had to work within the [structure] of the planning system .

Brown and Harris 's model therefore provides a framework within which many of the ideas emanating from different perspectives can be brought together .
brown and harris 's model therefore provides a [structure] within which many of the ideas emanating from different perspectives can be brought together .

8 Perhaps this offers a useful framework to think about the work that has been produced over the last quarter of a century .
8 perhaps this offers a useful [structure] to think about the work that has been produced over the last quarter of a century .

In the remainder of this book we will be using plate tectonics as a framework for the interpretation of the Earth 's large-scale topographic features .
in the remainder of this book we will be using plate tectonics as a [structure] for the interpretation of the earth 's large-scale topographic features .

Indeed , traditional archivists devote much time and resources to providing users with a description of the administrative framework that gave rise to the generation of a particular record or class of records .
indeed , traditional archivists devote much time and resources to providing users with a description of the administrative [structure] that gave rise to the generation of a particular record or class of records .

Currently , much of the archival work reconstructing the administrative framework of the deposited documents is carried out retrospective to their creation .
currently , much of the archival work reconstructing the administrative [structure] of the deposited documents is carried out retrospective to their creation .

There was no possible way of reconciling such a view with that of peasants or landlords , for whom land was not merely a source of maximisable income but the framework of life ; with that of social systems , for which the relations of men to the land and to each other in terms of the land were not , as it were , optional , but obligatory .
there was no possible way of reconciling such a view with that of peasants or landlords , for whom land was not merely a source of maximisable income but the [structure] of life ; with that of social systems , for which the relations of men to the land and to each other in terms of the land were not , as it were , optional , but obligatory .

However , in none of the natural sciences did there seem to be serious uncertainty about the general direction in which knowledge was advancing , or the basic conceptual or methodological framework of its advance .
however , in none of the natural sciences did there seem to be serious uncertainty about the general direction in which knowledge was advancing , or the basic conceptual or methodological [structure] of its advance .

Had Keynes gone too far down the road of attempting to accommodate many of the central tenets of classical economics within the framework of his own theory of employment ?
had keynes gone too far down the road of attempting to accommodate many of the central tenets of classical economics within the [structure] of his own theory of employment ?

The aggregate demand — aggregate supply framework
the aggregate demand — aggregate supply [structure]

If one were to peruse the extensive range of surveys of the applications of the rational expectations hypothesis to macroeconomics , one would come across a different framework of analysis , one which is so widely accepted that it is rarely explained in any detail , still less is its theoretical basis probed critically or its conclusions called into question .
if one were to peruse the extensive range of surveys of the applications of the rational expectations hypothesis to macroeconomics , one would come across a different [structure] of analysis , one which is so widely accepted that it is rarely explained in any detail , still less is its theoretical basis probed critically or its conclusions called into question .

Figure 7.2 Aggregate demand/aggregate supply framework
figure 7.2 aggregate demand/aggregate supply [structure]

Reflections on the aggregate demand — aggregate supply framework
reflections on the aggregate demand — aggregate supply [structure]

There is nothing in the criteria which it stipulates for rational behaviour that confines its application to a market clearing framework .
there is nothing in the criteria which it stipulates for rational behaviour that confines its application to a market clearing [structure] .

To this end Lucas ( 1977 , 1978 ) devised a model which was quite a remarkable demonstration of his virtuosity in operating within the confines of the market clearing framework to which he is such a committed adherent .
to this end lucas ( 1977 , 1978 ) devised a model which was quite a remarkable demonstration of his virtuosity in operating within the confines of the market clearing [structure] to which he is such a committed adherent .

Real theories of the cycle bear many of the family characteristics of the earlier monetary theories , in particular the retention of the intertemporal substitutability theorem within a market clearing framework .
real theories of the cycle bear many of the family characteristics of the earlier monetary theories , in particular the retention of the intertemporal substitutability theorem within a market clearing [structure] .

Although most of this chapter has been given over to an exposition of the policy inefficacy proposition which was grounded in the aggregate demand-aggregate supply framework where variations in the absolute price level figure prominently , the reader should note that many new classical writers simply take it for granted that , in a competitive economy , markets clear on average over time .
although most of this chapter has been given over to an exposition of the policy inefficacy proposition which was grounded in the aggregate demand-aggregate supply [structure] where variations in the absolute price level figure prominently , the reader should note that many new classical writers simply take it for granted that , in a competitive economy , markets clear on average over time .

Precedent 3 is a framework agreement governing the continuous supply of goods under a number of orders placed over a period of time .
precedent 3 is a [structure] agreement governing the continuous supply of goods under a number of orders placed over a period of time .

Thus the process of contract formation arising out of the exchange of documents containing or referring to standard terms creates considerable problems when one tries to fit it into the framework of offer and acceptance .
thus the process of contract formation arising out of the exchange of documents containing or referring to standard terms creates considerable problems when one tries to fit it into the [structure] of offer and acceptance .

2.17 Framework supply agreements
2.17 [structure] supply agreements

Where the parties have a continuing relationship based on a large volume of business under regular orders the most efficient way to proceed is to enter into a framework agreement which regulates the mechanism for placing orders and decides in advance the terms and conditions which will govern each order .
where the parties have a continuing relationship based on a large volume of business under regular orders the most efficient way to proceed is to enter into a [structure] agreement which regulates the mechanism for placing orders and decides in advance the terms and conditions which will govern each order .

Precedent 3 is a typical framework or `` umbrella `` supply agreement .
precedent 3 is a typical [structure] or `` umbrella `` supply agreement .

Obviously , once the principle of the document has been understood it is possible to create more elaborate framework agreements depending upon the client 's requirements .
obviously , once the principle of the document has been understood it is possible to create more elaborate [structure] agreements depending upon the client 's requirements .

However , in most cases , the best approach is to keep the framework agreement rather along the lines of Precedent 3 for length and simplicity , and to attach a more elaborate set of standard terms and conditions to govern each order .
however , in most cases , the best approach is to keep the [structure] agreement rather along the lines of precedent 3 for length and simplicity , and to attach a more elaborate set of standard terms and conditions to govern each order .

Framework supply agreement
[structure] supply agreement

That definition will have to keep the issue within the framework of the parties ' original contract , but precision within that framework will save costs and uncertainty .
that definition will have to keep the issue within the [structure] of the parties ' original contract , but precision within that [structure] will save costs and uncertainty .

Gates argues that a framework of green corridors and wildlife circulation networks should be introduced to augment the protected sites .
gates argues that a [structure] of green corridors and wildlife circulation networks should be introduced to augment the protected sites .

The current level of funding , amounting to 550 million ecu for the 1990-94 framework programme on research and technological development , is close to running out .
the current level of funding , amounting to 550 million ecu for the 1990-94 [structure] programme on research and technological development , is close to running out .

The government has adopted a decree laying down the legal framework for licensing companies to carry out recovery and treatment of packaging waste .
the government has adopted a decree laying down the legal [structure] for licensing companies to carry out recovery and treatment of packaging waste .

The Department of the Environment has rejected the report , claiming that it contained misleading information and that the existing statutory framework was effective in controlling pollution .
the department of the environment has rejected the report , claiming that it contained misleading information and that the existing statutory [structure] was effective in controlling pollution .

The party will also attempt to establish a legal framework for the protection of the environment .
the party will also attempt to establish a legal [structure] for the protection of the environment .

Environmental commissioner Ioannis Paleokrassas announced that a special committee had been set up to carry out impact assessments on the application of regional and structural funds , and that a timetable would be drawn up for the implementation of the " Fifth Action programme for the environment " — a legislative framework for the future .
environmental commissioner ioannis paleokrassas announced that a special committee had been set up to carry out impact assessments on the application of regional and structural funds , and that a timetable would be drawn up for the implementation of the " fifth action programme for the environment " — a legislative [structure] for the future .

More than 160 nations signed the framework treaty , which commits governments to curbing emissions of greenhouse gases .
more than 160 nations signed the [structure] treaty , which commits governments to curbing emissions of greenhouse gases .

The strategy is focused around nine general aims : , Respect and care for the community of life , Improve the quality of human life , Conserve the earth 's vitality and diversity , Minimize the depletion of non-renewable resources , Keep within the Earth 's carrying capacity , Change personal attitudes and practises , Enable communities to care for their own environments , Provide a national framework for integrating development and conservation , Create a global alliance .
the strategy is focused around nine general aims : , respect and care for the community of life , improve the quality of human life , conserve the earth 's vitality and diversity , minimize the depletion of non-renewable resources , keep within the earth 's carrying capacity , change personal attitudes and practises , enable communities to care for their own environments , provide a national [structure] for integrating development and conservation , create a global alliance .

An agreement to protect Europe 's 30 species of bats has been concluded within the framework of the Bonn Convention on the Conservation of Migratory Species of Wild Animals .
an agreement to protect europe 's 30 species of bats has been concluded within the [structure] of the bonn convention on the conservation of migratory species of wild animals .

They enable one to draw out the distinctive features of that culture , in a more useful manner than does the framework provided by others , and to consider the impact of both history and resources .
they enable one to draw out the distinctive features of that culture , in a more useful manner than does the [structure] provided by others , and to consider the impact of both history and resources .

While tempered by experience and ( according to Beard ) self-interest , the framers of the United States Constitution were informed by Lockean values and sought to impose a political framework in line with a Lockean conception of society .
while tempered by experience and ( according to beard ) self-interest , the framers of the united states constitution were informed by lockean values and sought to impose a political [structure] in line with a lockean conception of society .

The formal political framework facilitates an adversary relationship among political parties , but the underlying reality is a quest for compromise .
the formal political [structure] facilitates an adversary relationship among political parties , but the underlying reality is a quest for compromise .

Thus , within the formal framework of deciding public policy , the government was dominant .
thus , within the formal [structure] of deciding public policy , the government was dominant .

Having lacked the opportunity to create a new constitutional framework afresh from first principles , Britain now stands out as one of the few nations lacking such a document .
having lacked the opportunity to create a new constitutional [structure] afresh from first principles , britain now stands out as one of the few nations lacking such a document .

The working of the various relationships within the framework established by law and convention is made possible by the operation of bodies not formally recognized by the Constitution , namely political parties .
the working of the various relationships within the [structure] established by law and convention is made possible by the operation of bodies not formally recognized by the constitution , namely political parties .

To understand contemporary British politics , one has to understand the constitutional framework .
to understand contemporary british politics , one has to understand the constitutional [structure] .

As we shall see , to understand British politics fully one has also to go beyond that framework .
as we shall see , to understand british politics fully one has also to go beyond that [structure] .

In practice , they constitute something of as guide to interested bodies ad provide a framework for the main items of legislation introduced by an incoming government in the first session or two of a new Parliament : most manifesto promises are usually implemented .
in practice , they constitute something of as guide to interested bodies ad provide a [structure] for the main items of legislation introduced by an incoming government in the first session or two of a new parliament : most manifesto promises are usually implemented .

The overview of agreements does not give a direct picture of this process , but rather the framework within which such influence may take place .
the overview of agreements does not give a direct picture of this process , but rather the [structure] within which such influence may take place .

Within this framework , Ryan makes two main proposals , both extremely interesting : first , that plot-advancing propositions can be defined as those that affect , directly or indirectly , the relationships between the worlds that make up the textual universe ( Chapter 7 ) ; second , that the aesthetic value or `` tellability `` of a story partly depends on the degree of diversification of such worlds , i.e .
within this [structure] , ryan makes two main proposals , both extremely interesting : first , that plot-advancing propositions can be defined as those that affect , directly or indirectly , the relationships between the worlds that make up the textual universe ( chapter 7 ) ; second , that the aesthetic value or `` tellability `` of a story partly depends on the degree of diversification of such worlds , i.e .

Thus , it was thought best that the development of the linguistic framework should parallel the development of the workshop activity .
thus , it was thought best that the development of the linguistic [structure] should parallel the development of the workshop activity .

One such model , which would not only provide an insightful analysis of the story in its own terms but would also help clarify some of the reconstructions discussed earlier , is the framework of natural narrative proposed by the sociolinguist William Labov .
one such model , which would not only provide an insightful analysis of the story in its own terms but would also help clarify some of the reconstructions discussed earlier , is the [structure] of natural narrative proposed by the sociolinguist william labov .

Indeed it may well be that it would be impossible to stand in no relation to the past , or to the framework in which one 's mind and one 's awareness as a religious person were formed .
indeed it may well be that it would be impossible to stand in no relation to the past , or to the [structure] in which one 's mind and one 's awareness as a religious person were formed .

What has happened however is that we have lost the philosophical framework which made the development of patristic Christology possible .
what has happened however is that we have lost the philosophical [structure] which made the development of patristic christology possible .

Today people conceive as ‘ real ’ that which , within a dominantly Platonist framework of thought , would have been held to be a particular instance of what could be said most truly to exist .
today people conceive as ‘ real ’ that which , within a dominantly platonist [structure] of thought , would have been held to be a particular instance of what could be said most truly to exist .

But it would seem to be impossible for us to return to patristic sensibilities , for the framework of thought which made that Christology possible is no longer with us .
but it would seem to be impossible for us to return to patristic sensibilities , for the [structure] of thought which made that christology possible is no longer with us .

It is within such a framework of thought that it is contended that a priest must necessarily be male .
it is within such a [structure] of thought that it is contended that a priest must necessarily be male .

But this is the framework we operate within at present and how we use it is important .
but this is the [structure] we operate within at present and how we use it is important .

No legal framework prevails to enable disabled people to counteract discrimination , unfair employment practices , problems of access , etc .
no legal [structure] prevails to enable disabled people to counteract discrimination , unfair employment practices , problems of access , etc .

In the public sector , in agencies such as the Groundwork trusts , and in the private sector , you will find committed professionals anxious to play their part in the protection , creation and enhancement of wildlife habitats and the landscape framework of both our countryside and our cities .
in the public sector , in agencies such as the groundwork trusts , and in the private sector , you will find committed professionals anxious to play their part in the protection , creation and enhancement of wildlife habitats and the landscape [structure] of both our countryside and our cities .

Relationships can be far freer within a secure framework than when partners or children have to take into account the possible collapse of the whole basic structure .
relationships can be far freer within a secure [structure] than when partners or children have to take into account the possible collapse of the whole basic structure .

It does mean , however , that the material has been carefully constructed within a narrative framework , with a clear purpose in mind and with recognizable objectives on the part of the author or editor .
it does mean , however , that the material has been carefully constructed within a narrative [structure] , with a clear purpose in mind and with recognizable objectives on the part of the author or editor .

The framework of the Pentateuch consists of the story of God 's people from the call of Abraham to the death of Moses .
the [structure] of the pentateuch consists of the story of god 's people from the call of abraham to the death of moses .

Israel appears to have shared many of the techniques and conceptions of sacrifice of her neighbours , but her own observances were set firmly in the framework of God 's revelation at Sinai .
israel appears to have shared many of the techniques and conceptions of sacrifice of her neighbours , but her own observances were set firmly in the [structure] of god 's revelation at sinai .

Verses 29–33 : the Merarites are to look after and transport the framework — pillars , pegs , cords — also under Ithamar 's supervision .
verses 29–33 : the merarites are to look after and transport the [structure] — pillars , pegs , cords — also under ithamar 's supervision .

Henry Ii planned to provide a legal framework for the continuance of his empire by asking both Richard and Geoffrey to do homage to their elder brother ; doubtless he also hoped that this clear recognition of his seniority would do something to allay the Young King 's sense of frustration .
henry ii planned to provide a legal [structure] for the continuance of his empire by asking both richard and geoffrey to do homage to their elder brother ; doubtless he also hoped that this clear recognition of his seniority would do something to allay the young king 's sense of frustration .

If the Government sets itself the job of providing a framework of laws which enables families to meet those personal goals , the country will grow in prosperity and stability .
if the government sets itself the job of providing a [structure] of laws which enables families to meet those personal goals , the country will grow in prosperity and stability .

And we have set ourselves — within the European Exchange Rate Mechanism — the right framework for success in the 1990s .
and we have set ourselves — within the european exchange rate mechanism — the right [structure] for success in the 1990s .

In the final chapter , Robin Campbell and David Olson offer a framework for a theory of children 's thinking and its development .
in the final chapter , robin campbell and david olson offer a [structure] for a theory of children 's thinking and its development .

Unlike recent ‘ innatist ’ views of children 's intellectual development , Campbell and Olson 's framework represents cognitive development as ‘ the accretion and expansion of representational powers ’ .
unlike recent ‘ innatist ’ views of children 's intellectual development , campbell and olson 's [structure] represents cognitive development as ‘ the accretion and expansion of representational powers ’ .

Since the route-finding task took place within a discourse framework , unlike the conventional referential communication task where the activity seems to be virtually disembedded from natural dialogue , it was appropriate to use methods of discourse analysis to throw further light on the communication process .
since the route-finding task took place within a discourse [structure] , unlike the conventional referential communication task where the activity seems to be virtually disembedded from natural dialogue , it was appropriate to use methods of discourse analysis to throw further light on the communication process .

It has been argued that the limited success of children in referential communication tasks is due to a large extent to the tasks being extracted from a meaningful framework .
it has been argued that the limited success of children in referential communication tasks is due to a large extent to the tasks being extracted from a meaningful [structure] .

He goes on to explain the nature of a specifically Christian order — a society which would construct a framework for the political acts of the state , which would realize the importance of a Christian education and in which a `` Community of Christians `` , an elite of both laity and clerisy , would influence the values of the ordinary citizens of the country .
he goes on to explain the nature of a specifically christian order — a society which would construct a [structure] for the political acts of the state , which would realize the importance of a christian education and in which a `` community of christians `` , an elite of both laity and clerisy , would influence the values of the ordinary citizens of the country .

They were admirably suited to a problem of framework or atmosphere .
they were admirably suited to a problem of [structure] or atmosphere .

After all , the Whigs were still acting within the framework of assumptions commonly held by the ruling class then and tacitly accepted by the great majority of a generally deferential lower class , assumptions which attached privilege — and responsibility — to property .
after all , the whigs were still acting within the [structure] of assumptions commonly held by the ruling class then and tacitly accepted by the great majority of a generally deferential lower class , assumptions which attached privilege — and responsibility — to property .

Given that framework , the glaring injustice to which the Whigs pointed was that the distribution of seats in Parliament should secure the ‘ representation of green mounds , of stone wall , even of a pig sty , while many of our most populous manufacturing towns remain unrepresented ’ ; that one propertied class should be overwhelmingly represented while another had so little say in Parliament .
given that [structure] , the glaring injustice to which the whigs pointed was that the distribution of seats in parliament should secure the ‘ representation of green mounds , of stone wall , even of a pig sty , while many of our most populous manufacturing towns remain unrepresented ’ ; that one propertied class should be overwhelmingly represented while another had so little say in parliament .

Thus , Chartism was the eldest surviving child of Owenism ; and the six points of the People 's Charter brought into sharper focus , and as a realisable political objective within the given constitutional framework , the expectations of most of those who had earlier looked , if not for the re-creation of man on Owen 's visionary model , at least for a rapid and general application of co-operative practice as the means to a better life : who had , in short , looked for the reconstruction of the state as an industrial democracy .
thus , chartism was the eldest surviving child of owenism ; and the six points of the people 's charter brought into sharper focus , and as a realisable political objective within the given constitutional [structure] , the expectations of most of those who had earlier looked , if not for the re-creation of man on owen 's visionary model , at least for a rapid and general application of co-operative practice as the means to a better life : who had , in short , looked for the reconstruction of the state as an industrial democracy .

Recent legislation , on employment protection by making provision for disclosure of information and advance consultation on redundancy , and on health and safety by bringing the subject into the sphere of joint regulation , is advanced as the basis for this declaration : ‘ It can be argued indeed that the basis for a legislative framework designed to encourage industrial democracy at shop floor level already exists ’ .
recent legislation , on employment protection by making provision for disclosure of information and advance consultation on redundancy , and on health and safety by bringing the subject into the sphere of joint regulation , is advanced as the basis for this declaration : ‘ it can be argued indeed that the basis for a legislative [structure] designed to encourage industrial democracy at shop floor level already exists ’ .

Thirdly , the expansion of subject matters of legitimate international concern to include , inter alia , economic development , environmental and conservation interests , the regulation of the allocation of resources , and human rights all weigh against a strictly bilateral framework .
thirdly , the expansion of subject matters of legitimate international concern to include , inter alia , economic development , environmental and conservation interests , the regulation of the allocation of resources , and human rights all weigh against a strictly bilateral [structure] .

The international community is not per se owed a duty of obedience to the claims of some of its members , but it does provide a framework for the articulation of claims and for cohesion in response .
the international community is not per se owed a duty of obedience to the claims of some of its members , but it does provide a [structure] for the articulation of claims and for cohesion in response .

Articles 34–38 specify no exceptions to the pacta tertiis rule ; such exceptions must either be fitted into the Articles or they must be accepted as prescribing only the general framework of the law .
articles 34–38 specify no exceptions to the pacta tertiis rule ; such exceptions must either be fitted into the articles or they must be accepted as prescribing only the general [structure] of the law .

The treaty is a bilateral commitment with reciprocal rights and duties which contains no direct mention of the role of the United States in facilitating its conclusion , other than a general preambular reference to the Camp David framework for peace .
the treaty is a bilateral commitment with reciprocal rights and duties which contains no direct mention of the role of the united states in facilitating its conclusion , other than a general preambular reference to the camp david [structure] for peace .

In these ways third States whose co-operation is required for the effective performance of a treaty can be brought within its framework , without necessarily becoming parties to it .
in these ways third states whose co-operation is required for the effective performance of a treaty can be brought within its [structure] , without necessarily becoming parties to it .

The Vienna Convention provisions on reservations create reciprocal relationships within a multiparty framework , despite the apparently objective limitation of compatibility with the object and purpose of the treaty .
the vienna convention provisions on reservations create reciprocal relationships within a multiparty [structure] , despite the apparently objective limitation of compatibility with the object and purpose of the treaty .

Other treaties of alliance do not contain such precise prohibitions against conflicting agreements , but may be understood as forming part of a regional defence framework and thus as impliedly restricting future freedom of treaty-making .
other treaties of alliance do not contain such precise prohibitions against conflicting agreements , but may be understood as forming part of a regional defence [structure] and thus as impliedly restricting future freedom of treaty-making .

Each time she read the story , she experienced a new shock ; it was the shock of finding the new contained and expressed in the framework and the terms of the old .
each time she read the story , she experienced a new shock ; it was the shock of finding the new contained and expressed in the [structure] and the terms of the old .

While the handlebar , brush bow and runners are setting , attention turns to the rest of the framework .
while the handlebar , brush bow and runners are setting , attention turns to the rest of the [structure] .

It is here that team work gives extra support and guidance , providing a discussion framework in which such matters can be aired .
it is here that team work gives extra support and guidance , providing a discussion [structure] in which such matters can be aired .

Simple psychological support is required by many and can be easily provided in this framework .
simple psychological support is required by many and can be easily provided in this [structure] .

His consistency means that his people know what to expect of him , enabling him to work effectively within a clear framework of expectations .
his consistency means that his people know what to expect of him , enabling him to work effectively within a clear [structure] of expectations .

They form the basis of an overall framework of success cumulatively indicated perhaps by the achievement of the annual sales , production or growth targets .
they form the basis of an overall [structure] of success cumulatively indicated perhaps by the achievement of the annual sales , production or growth targets .

Francis Mulhern has argued that Scrutiny developed and propagated for the profession of English studies an ideological framework suited to the maintenance of a talent-governed career structure which eventually came to dominate the profession as a whole .
francis mulhern has argued that scrutiny developed and propagated for the profession of english studies an ideological [structure] suited to the maintenance of a talent-governed career structure which eventually came to dominate the profession as a whole .

The goal , therefore , is to work out a theoretical framework of communication ethics which can be related to the formation of policies in different cultural and political settings , concentrating , as noted above , on the positive aspects of ethical norms and motivations rather than negative restrictions .
the goal , therefore , is to work out a theoretical [structure] of communication ethics which can be related to the formation of policies in different cultural and political settings , concentrating , as noted above , on the positive aspects of ethical norms and motivations rather than negative restrictions .

The civil zone still poses many difficult problems of chronology in the framework of what is known of the historical narrative .
the civil zone still poses many difficult problems of chronology in the [structure] of what is known of the historical narrative .

The magisterial pronouncement of Sir George Macdonald on the Antonine Wall has now been overthrown by the brilliant study of the samian by Brian Hartley ( 1972 ) , and the work at Carpow and other Severan sites will help to stabilize the dating of the pottery of this period , so with more revisions and adjustments , we may eventually have a framework which will endure , but only possible since all the groundwork had been so carefully prepared .
the magisterial pronouncement of sir george macdonald on the antonine wall has now been overthrown by the brilliant study of the samian by brian hartley ( 1972 ) , and the work at carpow and other severan sites will help to stabilize the dating of the pottery of this period , so with more revisions and adjustments , we may eventually have a [structure] which will endure , but only possible since all the groundwork had been so carefully prepared .

But it should constantly be borne in mind that law and institutions only provide a framework for human activity and , in particular , for political activity .
but it should constantly be borne in mind that law and institutions only provide a [structure] for human activity and , in particular , for political activity .

Under this programme ( which is being implemented not by statute but by ‘ framework documents ’ of unclear legal status ) the Civil Service is being progressively subdivided into two sectors which , very crudely , might be called the ‘ policy-making sector ’ and the ‘ policy-executing sector ’ .
under this programme ( which is being implemented not by statute but by ‘ [structure] documents ’ of unclear legal status ) the civil service is being progressively subdivided into two sectors which , very crudely , might be called the ‘ policy-making sector ’ and the ‘ policy-executing sector ’ .

But if the decisions involved are perceived as being too politically sensitive for the courts , some legislative intervention might be necessary to establish the desired framework of value judgments .
but if the decisions involved are perceived as being too politically sensitive for the courts , some legislative intervention might be necessary to establish the desired [structure] of value judgments .

‘ We aim to foster the study and reflection proper to a public institution ’ , concludes Pacquement ‘ and to restore public confidence by rediscovering the framework of reference we all need , especially those of us in the profession ’ .
‘ we aim to foster the study and reflection proper to a public institution ’ , concludes pacquement ‘ and to restore public confidence by rediscovering the [structure] of reference we all need , especially those of us in the profession ’ .

All viewers have the right to express their views on television either personally or within the framework of representative organisations .
all viewers have the right to express their views on television either personally or within the [structure] of representative organisations .

In sharp contrast , inside the tidy framework of the classical law , we sense intuitively the liberal principles which inspire the legal rules and determine the province of contractual obligations .
in sharp contrast , inside the tidy [structure] of the classical law , we sense intuitively the liberal principles which inspire the legal rules and determine the province of contractual obligations .

In order to express their concern for equality and individual autonomy , liberals often insist that certain rights should be fundamental to the framework of society .
in order to express their concern for equality and individual autonomy , liberals often insist that certain rights should be fundamental to the [structure] of society .

The result is that company lawyers lack an intellectual tradition which places the particular rules and doctrines of their discipline within a broader theoretical framework which gives meaning and coherence to them .
the result is that company lawyers lack an intellectual tradition which places the particular rules and doctrines of their discipline within a broader theoretical [structure] which gives meaning and coherence to them .

One object of this essay will be to suggest such a theoretical framework .
one object of this essay will be to suggest such a theoretical [structure] .

The framework aims to provide a tool for analysing and explaining many of the fundamental rules of company law .
the [structure] aims to provide a tool for analysing and explaining many of the fundamental rules of company law .

Thus the theoretical framework takes the legitimation of corporate managerial power to be one of the underlying and unifying themes of company law .
thus the theoretical [structure] takes the legitimation of corporate managerial power to be one of the underlying and unifying themes of company law .

If private property is to be legitimate within the framework of a liberal society it is also necessary to show that there are constraints which prevent it from becoming a source of power which threatens the liberty of the individual or rivals the power of the state .
if private property is to be legitimate within the [structure] of a liberal society it is also necessary to show that there are constraints which prevent it from becoming a source of power which threatens the liberty of the individual or rivals the power of the state .

The economic power of the company was not thought to pose any particular difficulty within this framework of legitimation .
the economic power of the company was not thought to pose any particular difficulty within this [structure] of legitimation .

The power conferred upon corporate managers by the business company was potentially unchecked and hence illegitimate within the framework of liberal democracy .
the power conferred upon corporate managers by the business company was potentially unchecked and hence illegitimate within the [structure] of liberal democracy .

The constitutional framework makes the shareholders responsible for monitoring and supervising the directors of the company .
the constitutional [structure] makes the shareholders responsible for monitoring and supervising the directors of the company .

Yet the reality is that it is only in companies where each shareholder has a sufficiently substantial stake in the company to make it worth his or her while performing the tasks of monitoring and supervising the behaviour of the directors that this constitutional framework can hope to provide an adequate control on the behaviour of directors .
yet the reality is that it is only in companies where each shareholder has a sufficiently substantial stake in the company to make it worth his or her while performing the tasks of monitoring and supervising the behaviour of the directors that this constitutional [structure] can hope to provide an adequate control on the behaviour of directors .

Because company law fails to differentiate in any consistent fashion between these different sorts of companies all are treated as regulated by the traditional legal framework which we have been examining .
because company law fails to differentiate in any consistent fashion between these different sorts of companies all are treated as regulated by the traditional legal [structure] which we have been examining .

There is a need not only for some ‘ sociological ’ appreciation of the institutional framework and the social function of law and punishment but also for some philosophy of mind and action and a moral philosophy .
there is a need not only for some ‘ sociological ’ appreciation of the institutional [structure] and the social function of law and punishment but also for some philosophy of mind and action and a moral philosophy .

They have n't attempted to create period rooms , and they do n't have the big architectural framework of our museum .
they have n't attempted to create period rooms , and they do n't have the big architectural [structure] of our museum .

While the government does not foresee the need for pre-censorship of publications , films and video cassettes , it is the intention of the government to enact appropriate legislation to provide the framework within which an assessment could be made of the suitability of any publication , film or video cassette for public and private consumption with regard to obscenity and offending of religious convictions .
while the government does not foresee the need for pre-censorship of publications , films and video cassettes , it is the intention of the government to enact appropriate legislation to provide the [structure] within which an assessment could be made of the suitability of any publication , film or video cassette for public and private consumption with regard to obscenity and offending of religious convictions .

Despite the notable absence of Antonio López and Dau al Set , among others , critics agree that this half of the exhibition is the most successful due to its relatively coherent theoretical framework and some fine works by Picasso , Gris , Miró , González , and Dalí .
despite the notable absence of antonio lópez and dau al set , among others , critics agree that this half of the exhibition is the most successful due to its relatively coherent theoretical [structure] and some fine works by picasso , gris , miró , gonzález , and dalí .

‘ Thirdly , for the first time , we have a legal framework prescribing that people have a right to balanced information and the right to communicate . That includes the right to know the truth concerning a matter ; the right of reply — both through the
‘ thirdly , for the first time , we have a legal [structure] prescribing that people have a right to balanced information and the right to communicate . that includes the right to know the truth concerning a matter ; the right of reply — both through the

Renton 's suggestion of a further review of its role stems from the feeling in his department that the present system is an administrative duplication , that it does not allow the Minister to determine the policy framework , and that whenever a major funding issue arises the government has in any case to be directly involved at present .
renton 's suggestion of a further review of its role stems from the feeling in his department that the present system is an administrative duplication , that it does not allow the minister to determine the policy [structure] , and that whenever a major funding issue arises the government has in any case to be directly involved at present .

Furthermore , ever since it became an independent department it has wanted to stop being merely a postman between the Treasury and the recipients of funds , and aspires instead to set the policy framework .
furthermore , ever since it became an independent department it has wanted to stop being merely a postman between the treasury and the recipients of funds , and aspires instead to set the policy [structure] .

He leaned on her unhesitatingly in all times of crisis and disaster , remained all his life proud of her beauty , her birth and her intelligence … In later years when they were reduced to penury , she displayed great moral heroism in preserving intact the framework of a family and a household , which alone enabled her husband to continue his work .
he leaned on her unhesitatingly in all times of crisis and disaster , remained all his life proud of her beauty , her birth and her intelligence … in later years when they were reduced to penury , she displayed great moral heroism in preserving intact the [structure] of a family and a household , which alone enabled her husband to continue his work .

While the government does not foresee the need for pre-censorship of publications , films and video cassettes , it is the intention of the government to enact appropriate legislation to provide the framework within which an assessment could be made of the suitability of any publication , film or video cassette for public and private consumption with regard to obscenity and offending of religious convictions .
while the government does not foresee the need for pre-censorship of publications , films and video cassettes , it is the intention of the government to enact appropriate legislation to provide the [structure] within which an assessment could be made of the suitability of any publication , film or video cassette for public and private consumption with regard to obscenity and offending of religious convictions .

It is far better to plan a media relations programme within the framework of your organisation 's objectives as whole .
it is far better to plan a media relations programme within the [structure] of your organisation 's objectives as whole .

1 It is much more effective to carry out media relations activities within the framework of a detailed plan than simply to publicise events as they happen and haphazardly respond to media enquiries .
1 it is much more effective to carry out media relations activities within the [structure] of a detailed plan than simply to publicise events as they happen and haphazardly respond to media enquiries .

Habitual activity gives our lives an element of security — the daily pattern of eating , sleeping , ablution and exercise — which provides the essential framework within which we can then be adventurous , taking some risk , enjoying the stimulation of the new and exciting .
habitual activity gives our lives an element of security — the daily pattern of eating , sleeping , ablution and exercise — which provides the essential [structure] within which we can then be adventurous , taking some risk , enjoying the stimulation of the new and exciting .

What you need is a simple but effective structure or framework , strong enough to support the weight of your answer .
what you need is a simple but effective structure or [structure] , strong enough to support the weight of your answer .

This is achieved by constructing a rectangular framework , usually of wood , which may be either of fixed dimensions or adjustable in size .
this is achieved by constructing a rectangular [structure] , usually of wood , which may be either of fixed dimensions or adjustable in size .

It is composed of a single floral head within a diamond framework flanked by four outwardly curling leaves .
it is composed of a single floral head within a diamond [structure] flanked by four outwardly curling leaves .

In fact , politics may have more to say about the actual extent of a regulatory framework than does economics .
in fact , politics may have more to say about the actual extent of a regulatory [structure] than does economics .

This chapter examines these questions from a theoretical standpoint within the framework of natural monopoly industries .
this chapter examines these questions from a theoretical standpoint within the [structure] of natural monopoly industries .

Supply of a set of goods within a natural monopoly framework may under some circumstances require suppression of entry into closely related areas in order to prevent competitive entry undermining the natural monopoly properties .
supply of a set of goods within a natural monopoly [structure] may under some circumstances require suppression of entry into closely related areas in order to prevent competitive entry undermining the natural monopoly properties .

The general framework adopted is a `` principal-agent `` one , the manager being the agent of principals such as the shareholders .
the general [structure] adopted is a `` principal-agent `` one , the manager being the agent of principals such as the shareholders .

Hence with our present framework perfect competition does not necessarily imply an efficient set of firms .
hence with our present [structure] perfect competition does not necessarily imply an efficient set of firms .

Before concluding the development of this framework , we should investigate the relationship between the constraints .
before concluding the development of this [structure] , we should investigate the relationship between the constraints .

The scheme for managerial pay set out above essentially refers to the pay framework for a manager in a plc , but my aim is to provide a comparative analysis .
the scheme for managerial pay set out above essentially refers to the pay [structure] for a manager in a plc , but my aim is to provide a comparative analysis .

The framework of the chapter is as follows .
the [structure] of the chapter is as follows .

In other words , we may continue with a partial equilibrium framework .
in other words , we may continue with a partial equilibrium [structure] .

Yet actually , the scheme would still work within their framework if , say , the manager received one tenth of — the incentives would still be in the right direction .
yet actually , the scheme would still work within their [structure] if , say , the manager received one tenth of — the incentives would still be in the right direction .

— temporal relations , i.e. the time at which a predicate applies . This requires the development of a more elaborate logical framework ;
— temporal relations , i.e. the time at which a predicate applies . this requires the development of a more elaborate logical [structure] ;

It can be argued that the successful development of such techniques requires an adherence to semantic theory from both the computational and linguistic perspective , to provide a sound theoretical framework .
it can be argued that the successful development of such techniques requires an adherence to semantic theory from both the computational and linguistic perspective , to provide a sound theoretical [structure] .

Although much further research is required , evidently connectionist models can provide a framework for modelling comprehension phenomena that can not be tackled using ordinary serial or symbolic models .
although much further research is required , evidently connectionist models can provide a [structure] for modelling comprehension phenomena that can not be tackled using ordinary serial or symbolic models .

The inadequacy of the domain-specific dictionaries on these occasions reflects an attempt to constrain the highly unpredictable phenomenon of language by using too narrow a framework .
the inadequacy of the domain-specific dictionaries on these occasions reflects an attempt to constrain the highly unpredictable phenomenon of language by using too narrow a [structure] .

How should knowledge be represented , and within what framework should the inferences be made ?
how should knowledge be represented , and within what [structure] should the inferences be made ?

In the case of Gagnon and Simon and those influenced by them ( such as Kenneth Plummer ) , the theoretical framework derives from Meadean social psychology , which sees the individual as having a developing personality which is created in an interaction with others ; and from labelling theories of deviance , which concentrate on the public processes of stigmatisation .
in the case of gagnon and simon and those influenced by them ( such as kenneth plummer ) , the theoretical [structure] derives from meadean social psychology , which sees the individual as having a developing personality which is created in an interaction with others ; and from labelling theories of deviance , which concentrate on the public processes of stigmatisation .

Within a wider social framework , we need to study both the formal and informal modes of the regulation of sexuality .
within a wider social [structure] , we need to study both the formal and informal modes of the regulation of sexuality .

Over the long term we can detect three broad tendencies : the conservative , authoritarian often expressed in the actions of social morality campaigns ; the liberal often in the vanguard of reforming activity ; and the radical , libertarian ; the first asserting the importance of absolute moral standards ; the second by and large seeking relaxation within a traditional framework of family values ; and the third advocating a transformation of values .
over the long term we can detect three broad tendencies : the conservative , authoritarian often expressed in the actions of social morality campaigns ; the liberal often in the vanguard of reforming activity ; and the radical , libertarian ; the first asserting the importance of absolute moral standards ; the second by and large seeking relaxation within a traditional [structure] of family values ; and the third advocating a transformation of values .

The reports of the great Parliamentary Commissions , which in the 1830s and 1840s investigated working conditions in factories and mines , were saturated with an obsessive concern with the sexuality of the working class , the social other , displacing in the end the acute social crisis from the area of exploitation and class conflict , where it could not be coped with , into the framework of a more amenable and discussable area of ‘ morality ’ .
the reports of the great parliamentary commissions , which in the 1830s and 1840s investigated working conditions in factories and mines , were saturated with an obsessive concern with the sexuality of the working class , the social other , displacing in the end the acute social crisis from the area of exploitation and class conflict , where it could not be coped with , into the [structure] of a more amenable and discussable area of ‘ morality ’ .

Moreover , there were strong elements of continuity , especially with regard to the central organising significance of Christianity which from the early days of Christendom to the present has structured basic beliefs and formed the framework within which law and custom ( if not always behaviour ) have operated .
moreover , there were strong elements of continuity , especially with regard to the central organising significance of christianity which from the early days of christendom to the present has structured basic beliefs and formed the [structure] within which law and custom ( if not always behaviour ) have operated .

Increasingly , as Charles Rosenberg has suggested , disease sanctions were used as the ‘ basic framework for exposition and admonition ’ .
increasingly , as charles rosenberg has suggested , disease sanctions were used as the ‘ basic [structure] for exposition and admonition ’ .

’ The population increase in turn affected the finely balanced domestic economy , forcing women and children out to work , and by the end of the period , with the crisis of the framework knitters , there is some evidence , when faced with major economic problems , of a use of restraint to limit births .
’ the population increase in turn affected the finely balanced domestic economy , forcing women and children out to work , and by the end of the period , with the crisis of the [structure] knitters , there is some evidence , when faced with major economic problems , of a use of restraint to limit births .

’ The problem was , how to establish a framework within which moral reform could take place .
’ the problem was , how to establish a [structure] within which moral reform could take place .

The general moral framework was unquestionably that of the Christian tradition .
the general moral [structure] was unquestionably that of the christian tradition .

But of course these rights were contained within an ideological framework which stressed domesticity and in many ways , as we know , worked to restress the importance of female chastity .
but of course these rights were contained within an ideological [structure] which stressed domesticity and in many ways , as we know , worked to restress the importance of female chastity .

The Health and Safety at Work ( Northern Ireland ) Order 1978 provides a legislative framework to promote , stimulate and encourage high standards of health and safety at work .
the health and safety at work ( northern ireland ) order 1978 provides a legislative [structure] to promote , stimulate and encourage high standards of health and safety at work .

It is in this family that the child is taught to make basic distinctions between self and others , or between male and female , to acquire and to use language , and to develop a framework through which to understand , interpret and evaluate the world outside .
it is in this family that the child is taught to make basic distinctions between self and others , or between male and female , to acquire and to use language , and to develop a [structure] through which to understand , interpret and evaluate the world outside .

Their managerial framework was probably best reflected in Fayol 's ( 1916 ) management criteria : planning , organising , coordinating and controlling .
their managerial [structure] was probably best reflected in fayol 's ( 1916 ) management criteria : planning , organising , coordinating and controlling .

Unique complex of 19th Century framework knitters building containing a restored workshop with 26 hand frames .
unique complex of 19th century [structure] knitters building containing a restored workshop with 26 hand frames .

Working machinery , samples and exhibition of local framework history plus video presentation .
working machinery , samples and exhibition of local [structure] history plus video presentation .

Further confusion was created by the inclination of many Japanese historians to adopt a Marxist framework .
further confusion was created by the inclination of many japanese historians to adopt a marxist [structure] .

Interpretation of the restoration has broader implications for understanding Japanese history as a whole , particularly for the many Japanese historians who have sought to locate it within a Marxist historical framework .
interpretation of the restoration has broader implications for understanding japanese history as a whole , particularly for the many japanese historians who have sought to locate it within a marxist historical [structure] .

The debate was a major exercise in the application of Marx 's framework to a non-European , late developing country , and continues to this day .
the debate was a major exercise in the application of marx 's [structure] to a non-european , late developing country , and continues to this day .

Within the 1920s cooperative framework Japan had sought to enhance her position in China , but as domestic conditions in China by the late 1920s increasingly undermined the rights of the powers there , Japan 's interests in adjoining areas also seemed threatened .
within the 1920s cooperative [structure] japan had sought to enhance her position in china , but as domestic conditions in china by the late 1920s increasingly undermined the rights of the powers there , japan 's interests in adjoining areas also seemed threatened .

The rescript was a powerful exhortation to patriotism , loyalty , filial piety , obedience and duty within the political framework established by the Meiji Constitution .
the rescript was a powerful exhortation to patriotism , loyalty , filial piety , obedience and duty within the political [structure] established by the meiji constitution .

The growth and prosperity of the agricultural sector in the postwar years have stemmed not merely from the new institutional framework and advances in technology .
the growth and prosperity of the agricultural sector in the postwar years have stemmed not merely from the new institutional [structure] and advances in technology .

This belief in the centrality of law — law to provide a framework for change — echoes throughout the legislation introduced since 1988 .
this belief in the centrality of law — law to provide a [structure] for change — echoes throughout the legislation introduced since 1988 .

Similarly , the Transformation Act , 1989 , begins with the rationale : Law , then , is to provide a framework for economic change .
similarly , the transformation act , 1989 , begins with the rationale : law , then , is to provide a [structure] for economic change .

Although private business initiatives were encouraged from the early 1980s , the legal framework was antiquated and ambiguous .
although private business initiatives were encouraged from the early 1980s , the legal [structure] was antiquated and ambiguous .

The change from centrally planned to market economy requires , one may say as a condition precedent , proper legal framework .
the change from centrally planned to market economy requires , one may say as a condition precedent , proper legal [structure] .

The purpose of this Act is to set up a legal framework for the conversion of units of the planned economy into companies and a conversion of one company into another form of company and mergers between such companies .
the purpose of this act is to set up a legal [structure] for the conversion of units of the planned economy into companies and a conversion of one company into another form of company and mergers between such companies .

This Act gives the legal framework for ‘ reducing of the function of the state as owner of the means of production ’ .
this act gives the legal [structure] for ‘ reducing of the function of the state as owner of the means of production ’ .

There was a degree of continuity in the sense that specific advances in understanding were achieved from within a magical framework .
there was a degree of continuity in the sense that specific advances in understanding were achieved from within a magical [structure] .

The result of this legislative output has been the creation of a statutory framework for the administration of criminal justice and the sentencing and treatment of offenders .
the result of this legislative output has been the creation of a statutory [structure] for the administration of criminal justice and the sentencing and treatment of offenders .

Whereas there is general acceptance that the apportionment of punishment is a judicial function , the legal framework of penalties is the creation of Parliament .
whereas there is general acceptance that the apportionment of punishment is a judicial function , the legal [structure] of penalties is the creation of parliament .

… the right framework for placing the management of the service on a more professional footing , providing the most positive environment for staff to work in and , above all , ensuring the delivery of an improved service both to the public and those held in custody .
… the right [structure] for placing the management of the service on a more professional footing , providing the most positive environment for staff to work in and , above all , ensuring the delivery of an improved service both to the public and those held in custody .

In such circumstances it is natural that Ministers should want to implement without undue delay policies for changes in the legal framework of the criminal law and for dealing with offenders which they may have espoused before coming to power .
in such circumstances it is natural that ministers should want to implement without undue delay policies for changes in the legal [structure] of the criminal law and for dealing with offenders which they may have espoused before coming to power .

Societies should always be aware when they are launched that life is not always sweetness and light when the pressure is on and constitutions should be framed so that disputes do arrive the framework for settlement already exists .
societies should always be aware when they are launched that life is not always sweetness and light when the pressure is on and constitutions should be framed so that disputes do arrive the [structure] for settlement already exists .

The researcher , interested in different modes of communication , has to investigate the framework of thought within which decisions regarding what is legitimate are made and to explain how a particular group succeeds in making its ideology dominant in specific contexts .
the researcher , interested in different modes of communication , has to investigate the [structure] of thought within which decisions regarding what is legitimate are made and to explain how a particular group succeeds in making its ideology dominant in specific contexts .

The characteristics of ‘ storage ’ , ‘ indirectness ’ , and the construction of ‘ successive layers of historically validated meanings ’ which Goody attributes to literacy alone are , then , part of the intellectual framework of any society .
the characteristics of ‘ storage ’ , ‘ indirectness ’ , and the construction of ‘ successive layers of historically validated meanings ’ which goody attributes to literacy alone are , then , part of the intellectual [structure] of any society .

Gellner ( 1973 ) , for instance , provides a more complex intellectual framework for analysing such change .
gellner ( 1973 ) , for instance , provides a more complex intellectual [structure] for analysing such change .

The contradictions between these implicit tendencies and Goody 's explicit rejection of them can be explained by the framework of distinctions on which the inquiry is based in the first place .
the contradictions between these implicit tendencies and goody 's explicit rejection of them can be explained by the [structure] of distinctions on which the inquiry is based in the first place .

Romaine ( 1982 ) suggests an alternative framework to the ‘ objective/ subjective ’ dichotomy that Lyons ' argument seems to rest on .
romaine ( 1982 ) suggests an alternative [structure] to the ‘ objective/ subjective ’ dichotomy that lyons ' argument seems to rest on .

We might therefore ask whether , even within the framework of Oakeshott 's thought , this should be considered an achievement of great importance — not simply prudentially but also morally .
we might therefore ask whether , even within the [structure] of oakeshott 's thought , this should be considered an achievement of great importance — not simply prudentially but also morally .

Such models also share an essentially procedural conception of justice and view the primary function of the state as that of securing a framework of law through which individuals may pursue their own particular goals .
such models also share an essentially procedural conception of justice and view the primary function of the state as that of securing a [structure] of law through which individuals may pursue their own particular goals .

The constructive dimension argues that , in order to remedy government failure , it is essential to reform the framework of rules within which the business of politics is conducted .
the constructive dimension argues that , in order to remedy government failure , it is essential to reform the [structure] of rules within which the business of politics is conducted .

There has therefore emerged , within the framework of public choice , a theory arguing specifically for the establishment of constitutional limits to the scope of governmental action .
there has therefore emerged , within the [structure] of public choice , a theory arguing specifically for the establishment of constitutional limits to the scope of governmental action .

As we have seen , Hayek criticizes Oakeshott 's traditionalism on the ground that it does not provide a framework for critical evaluation of social evolution .
as we have seen , hayek criticizes oakeshott 's traditionalism on the ground that it does not provide a [structure] for critical evaluation of social evolution .

Nevertheless , although he may evade these basic criticisms of classical liberalism , Hayek , by rooting his liberal theory in an evolutionary framework , encounters a different problem .
nevertheless , although he may evade these basic criticisms of classical liberalism , hayek , by rooting his liberal theory in an evolutionary [structure] , encounters a different problem .

Hobhouse 's evolutionary method was , however , also reminiscent of Comte since he argued that it was the growing domination of mind over the conditions of life that enables us to appreciate the importance of the collective framework of society .
hobhouse 's evolutionary method was , however , also reminiscent of comte since he argued that it was the growing domination of mind over the conditions of life that enables us to appreciate the importance of the collective [structure] of society .

Within that normativist framework the functionalist style in public law is to be identified with that side of the dualist divide that is associated with error , distortion , and corruption .
within that normativist [structure] the functionalist style in public law is to be identified with that side of the dualist divide that is associated with error , distortion , and corruption .

The idea here is that Parliament will set the framework of general rules for society , the executive will govern within those rules and an independent judiciary will resolve disputes over the meaning of those rules and will , in particular , keep the executive within the boundaries of law .
the idea here is that parliament will set the [structure] of general rules for society , the executive will govern within those rules and an independent judiciary will resolve disputes over the meaning of those rules and will , in particular , keep the executive within the boundaries of law .

In other words , there was a growth in the use of ‘ framework legislation ’ , with Parliament establishing a general framework for controlling or regulating an area of activity and granting to governmental agencies both rule-making powers to put flesh on the framework or quasi-judicial powers to resolve disputes that arose in the course of implementing these schemes .
in other words , there was a growth in the use of ‘ [structure] legislation ’ , with parliament establishing a general [structure] for controlling or regulating an area of activity and granting to governmental agencies both rule-making powers to put flesh on the [structure] or quasi-judicial powers to resolve disputes that arose in the course of implementing these schemes .

For here we find the head of the common law courts , echoing the spirit of Coke , Hale , and Mansfield and working largely within Dicey 's framework , expressing anxiety about the challenge to the supremacy of the ‘ ordinary law ’ posed by statutory developments .
for here we find the head of the common law courts , echoing the spirit of coke , hale , and mansfield and working largely within dicey 's [structure] , expressing anxiety about the challenge to the supremacy of the ‘ ordinary law ’ posed by statutory developments .

In general public law should ensure that the legal framework within which government operated provided an effective and equitable structure for the implementation of the public good , as expressed in the positive functions of the state .
in general public law should ensure that the legal [structure] within which government operated provided an effective and equitable structure for the implementation of the public good , as expressed in the positive functions of the state .

The use of framework legislation and the practice of delegated legislation were thus viewed essentially as methods of efficiently allocating legislative tasks .
the use of [structure] legislation and the practice of delegated legislation were thus viewed essentially as methods of efficiently allocating legislative tasks .

Ginsberg 's framework , which was in accord with the spirit of work being done by Hobson in economics , Tawney in economic history , and Laski in political science , seems equally applicable to the functionalist style of Robson , Jennings , and Willis .
ginsberg 's [structure] , which was in accord with the spirit of work being done by hobson in economics , tawney in economic history , and laski in political science , seems equally applicable to the functionalist style of robson , jennings , and willis .

However , by using different assessment methods , the concept has been refined to include how managers perceive their world , how they search for and select data , and how they conceptualize with that data to give it a framework and meaning .
however , by using different assessment methods , the concept has been refined to include how managers perceive their world , how they search for and select data , and how they conceptualize with that data to give it a [structure] and meaning .

It refers to an ability to identify patterns or relationships in information and events ( inductive reasoning ) and to convey the meaning by developing a framework using appropriate metaphors and analogies .
it refers to an ability to identify patterns or relationships in information and events ( inductive reasoning ) and to convey the meaning by developing a [structure] using appropriate metaphors and analogies .

Similarly , if the framework proves to be unhelpful in reducing a lot of information to a managerial level , then that framework is dropped and new conceptualizations or frameworks are developed .
similarly , if the [structure] proves to be unhelpful in reducing a lot of information to a managerial level , then that [structure] is dropped and new conceptualizations or frameworks are developed .

The first chapter developed a framework for analysing an individual 's capabilities and work goals .
the first chapter developed a [structure] for analysing an individual 's capabilities and work goals .

This would permit an accurate assessment of current purchaser and provider research and development activity , interest , expertise , and capacity and develop a framework for maintaining this .
this would permit an accurate assessment of current purchaser and provider research and development activity , interest , expertise , and capacity and develop a [structure] for maintaining this .

An editorial recently went so far as to say that more important than establishing a framework for research and development was doing something about the failure to disseminate and apply existing knowledge .
an editorial recently went so far as to say that more important than establishing a [structure] for research and development was doing something about the failure to disseminate and apply existing knowledge .

This transformation would not have been possible without the framework established by the government to concentrate high technology medicine and medical education in the public hospitals .
this transformation would not have been possible without the [structure] established by the government to concentrate high technology medicine and medical education in the public hospitals .

The constitutional framework reflects and sustains that political culture by providing an almost paralysed political system that sets one branch against another and hamstrings those who aspire to lead .
the constitutional [structure] reflects and sustains that political culture by providing an almost paralysed political system that sets one branch against another and hamstrings those who aspire to lead .

Yet it also represented at least a first step towards an institutional framework for dialogue between State and commoners .
yet it also represented at least a first step towards an institutional [structure] for dialogue between state and commoners .

The whole framework within which Nicholas had viewed the options before him broke down .
the whole [structure] within which nicholas had viewed the options before him broke down .

Conservative though its aims were , in carrying through so fundamental a reform as Emancipation the government could not help but loosen the rigid framework of public life .
conservative though its aims were , in carrying through so fundamental a reform as emancipation the government could not help but loosen the rigid [structure] of public life .

The new law also provides a simple and straightforward legal framework for the foundation of postgraduate courses , which have so far been weak and virtually non-existent .
the new law also provides a simple and straightforward legal [structure] for the foundation of postgraduate courses , which have so far been weak and virtually non-existent .

As and put it : ‘ Whatever decisions flow from the government 's policy review , it is important to understand the background … Throughout , there was no formal framework of energy policy .
as and put it : ‘ whatever decisions flow from the government 's policy review , it is important to understand the background … throughout , there was no formal [structure] of energy policy .

Biologists have developed a theoretical framework within which the evolution of virulence can be analysed , and it has been demonstrated experimentally that virulence can evolve in response to alternative modes of parasite transmission .
biologists have developed a theoretical [structure] within which the evolution of virulence can be analysed , and it has been demonstrated experimentally that virulence can evolve in response to alternative modes of parasite transmission .

It is marked by the crossing of a distinct threshold in the complexity and realism with which systems of interest are modelled , an abandoning of the simplify-and-idealize tenets of theoretical science in favour of a much richer ( though , to some , less pristinely elegant ) framework .
it is marked by the crossing of a distinct threshold in the complexity and realism with which systems of interest are modelled , an abandoning of the simplify-and-idealize tenets of theoretical science in favour of a much richer ( though , to some , less pristinely elegant ) [structure] .

Most of 's societal framework refers to the provinces and not the better known institutions centralized in Paris , an approach that makes a refreshing change .
most of 's societal [structure] refers to the provinces and not the better known institutions centralized in paris , an approach that makes a refreshing change .

And it now provided a convenient framework for the praise of a comital lineage .
and it now provided a convenient [structure] for the praise of a comital lineage .

For all princes , the communal movement raised a rather different problem : each privileged community , whether fully self-governing or merely franchised , constituted in enclave subject to different rules from its neighbours ; it was not therefore easily absorbed into the administrative framework of castellanies which the princes of the north were seeking to clarify and define .
for all princes , the communal movement raised a rather different problem : each privileged community , whether fully self-governing or merely franchised , constituted in enclave subject to different rules from its neighbours ; it was not therefore easily absorbed into the administrative [structure] of castellanies which the princes of the north were seeking to clarify and define .

There the eleventh-century proliferation of consuetudines and castellanies had been modified by the survival ( in places at least ) of the old administrative framework , and by the tradition that serious offences were justiciable in a court higher than that of the castellan .
there the eleventh-century proliferation of consuetudines and castellanies had been modified by the survival ( in places at least ) of the old administrative [structure] , and by the tradition that serious offences were justiciable in a court higher than that of the castellan .

The pays de droit écrit ( land subject to written — Roman — law ) was emerging , encompassing castellan and communal courts within its framework .
the pays de droit écrit ( land subject to written — roman — law ) was emerging , encompassing castellan and communal courts within its [structure] .

Much greater detail on specific examples is contained in later chapters , but a few examples may establish more clearly the framework of the debate .
much greater detail on specific examples is contained in later chapters , but a few examples may establish more clearly the [structure] of the debate .

In the process of negotiating conflict all the participants help to set the framework of ideas within which conflict is managed and a crucial dimension of this framework is that the Japanese people are characteristically said to defer to the national consensus .
in the process of negotiating conflict all the participants help to set the [structure] of ideas within which conflict is managed and a crucial dimension of this [structure] is that the japanese people are characteristically said to defer to the national consensus .

The price of this simple structure is that there is no framework to help the teacher make the choices from the large total number that is often in principle available .
the price of this simple structure is that there is no [structure] to help the teacher make the choices from the large total number that is often in principle available .

There appears to be a need therefore for a structured framework of observation which concentrates the attention on the most important aspects of the interaction in the classroom from the point of view of the designer of the teaching material and of its use by the teacher .
there appears to be a need therefore for a structured [structure] of observation which concentrates the attention on the most important aspects of the interaction in the classroom from the point of view of the designer of the teaching material and of its use by the teacher .

In this section we attempt to provide a framework for discussion of a number of special instructions ( or groups of instructions ) , provided in current computers or proposed for the future , which do not naturally fit into these groups .
in this section we attempt to provide a [structure] for discussion of a number of special instructions ( or groups of instructions ) , provided in current computers or proposed for the future , which do not naturally fit into these groups .

Two factors in particular are responsible for the difference : first , the large number of children assigned to the care of a single adult and , second , the curricular aims which provide the framework for most of the activities that take place .
two factors in particular are responsible for the difference : first , the large number of children assigned to the care of a single adult and , second , the curricular aims which provide the [structure] for most of the activities that take place .

The teacher must be careful not to impose his or her own framework of response on what has been read .
the teacher must be careful not to impose his or her own [structure] of response on what has been read .

Similarly , it was Rousseau 's conviction that no one could be truly free who did not govern him/herself , and that therefore only some kind of direct democracy provided the framework within which government and freedom could be reconciled .
similarly , it was rousseau 's conviction that no one could be truly free who did not govern him/herself , and that therefore only some kind of direct democracy provided the [structure] within which government and freedom could be reconciled .

So it is not only the visible and active exercise of power that needs to be equalized , but also the possession of power , which , where it can not be redistributed , must at least be made accountable within the framework of democracy .
so it is not only the visible and active exercise of power that needs to be equalized , but also the possession of power , which , where it can not be redistributed , must at least be made accountable within the [structure] of democracy .

The Structure and Development of Wings — Wings are thin plate-like expansions of the integument which are strengthened by a framework of hollow sclerotized tubes known as veins .
the structure and development of wings — wings are thin plate-like expansions of the integument which are strengthened by a [structure] of hollow sclerotized tubes known as veins .

This internal framework is termed the endoskeleton and its individual parts are known as apodemes or phragmata .
this internal [structure] is termed the endoskeleton and its individual parts are known as apodemes or phragmata .

to draw up a framework for graduated tests which would include a specification of their content , context , and alternative schemes for defining levels of performance ;
to draw up a [structure] for graduated tests which would include a specification of their content , context , and alternative schemes for defining levels of performance ;

Assessment framework and test development
assessment [structure] and test development

Teachers of mathematics who have experience in assessing extended mathematical investigations generally judge work through direct observation structured by a framework of categories and criteria .
teachers of mathematics who have experience in assessing extended mathematical investigations generally judge work through direct observation structured by a [structure] of categories and criteria .

An assessment framework is a structure to which any test item can be related .
an assessment [structure] is a structure to which any test item can be related .

The framework was to be used by the teacher as a checklist of each student 's progress .
the [structure] was to be used by the teacher as a checklist of each student 's progress .

Assessment framework and assessment modes
assessment [structure] and assessment modes

It is evident from the development work described in an earlier chapter that there are a number of ways in which a framework for assessment that accords with the Cockcroft Committee 's recommendations might be conceptualized .
it is evident from the development work described in an earlier chapter that there are a number of ways in which a [structure] for assessment that accords with the cockcroft committee 's recommendations might be conceptualized .

Foundation list topics for which criteria appear in this chapter were selected from four of the five content categories and one of the process categories of the Graduated Test Project assessment framework given in Chapter 2 ( pp .
foundation list topics for which criteria appear in this chapter were selected from four of the five content categories and one of the process categories of the graduated test project assessment [structure] given in chapter 2 ( pp .

Algebra was not tested in this project as it is not explicitly included in the foundation list , and so is the only content category of the framework missing from the topics considered in this chapter listed below .
algebra was not tested in this project as it is not explicitly included in the foundation list , and so is the only content category of the [structure] missing from the topics considered in this chapter listed below .

( c ) The courts will readily imply the rules of natural justice into a statutory framework .
( c ) the courts will readily imply the rules of natural justice into a statutory [structure] .

Along with this will be a call on the public relations function to advise and to operate increasingly sophisticated persuasion techniques within the framework of democracy .
along with this will be a call on the public relations function to advise and to operate increasingly sophisticated persuasion techniques within the [structure] of democracy .

Moreover , it is arguable that the initiation into a framework of related concepts , methods and values ( sometimes called a paradigm ) is essential before the intellectual processes of ( say ) geography are possible .
moreover , it is arguable that the initiation into a [structure] of related concepts , methods and values ( sometimes called a paradigm ) is essential before the intellectual processes of ( say ) geography are possible .

The Training Agency 's Compacts Development Handbook ( 1988 ) outlines a framework within which Compacts should operate , and each will develop according to the particular needs and conditions of its local situation .
the training agency 's compacts development handbook ( 1988 ) outlines a [structure] within which compacts should operate , and each will develop according to the particular needs and conditions of its local situation .

The Compacts Development Handbook ( 1988 ) The Training Agency framework will be highly influential in the development of all Compacts .
the compacts development handbook ( 1988 ) the training agency [structure] will be highly influential in the development of all compacts .

In these cases the framework for college membership will have to be negotiated carefully to ensure that students from Compact schools are not asked to work towards targets they have already achieved .
in these cases the [structure] for college membership will have to be negotiated carefully to ensure that students from compact schools are not asked to work towards targets they have already achieved .

Your country 's leaders have proposed a new security system which would supersede Nato and the Warsaw Pact and use the framework created by the 1975 Helsinki Act .
your country 's leaders have proposed a new security system which would supersede nato and the warsaw pact and use the [structure] created by the 1975 helsinki act .

This does not mean that national history and culture will not bulk large in the educational systems of particular countries , especially the smaller ones , or that they may not flourish locally within a much broader supranational framework as , say , Catalan culture today flourishes , but on the tacit assumption that it is Catalans who will communicate with the rest of the world through Spanish and English , since few non-residents in Catalonia will be able to communicate in the local language .
this does not mean that national history and culture will not bulk large in the educational systems of particular countries , especially the smaller ones , or that they may not flourish locally within a much broader supranational [structure] as , say , catalan culture today flourishes , but on the tacit assumption that it is catalans who will communicate with the rest of the world through spanish and english , since few non-residents in catalonia will be able to communicate in the local language .

The eight provincial councils were required to ‘ settle the broad economic land use and investment framework for the planning and development policies of operational authorities ’ ( Redcliffe-Maud 1969 : Vol .
the eight provincial councils were required to ‘ settle the broad economic land use and investment [structure] for the planning and development policies of operational authorities ’ ( redcliffe-maud 1969 : vol .

The ‘ federal ’ approach recognises the advantages to be gained if the separate local authority services are provided within a framework that allows for economies in the use of resources and recognises departmental interdependencies .
the ‘ federal ’ approach recognises the advantages to be gained if the separate local authority services are provided within a [structure] that allows for economies in the use of resources and recognises departmental interdependencies .

There is less emphasis on corporate planning , and on ‘ structure plans ’ that would provide a policy framework within a county over a fifteen- or twenty-year period .
there is less emphasis on corporate planning , and on ‘ structure plans ’ that would provide a policy [structure] within a county over a fifteen- or twenty-year period .

They are now conducted , however , within a very different administrative framework following the changes introduced in the wake of the Maud and Bains Reports .
they are now conducted , however , within a very different administrative [structure] following the changes introduced in the wake of the maud and bains reports .

The student should look underneath to check that the basic framework is sound , but not be surprised if the framework varies from one source to another .
the student should look underneath to check that the basic [structure] is sound , but not be surprised if the [structure] varies from one source to another .

The failure of the functionalist theory of stratification is ultimately its failure to locate normative and cultural dimensions of stratification within a framework of material inequality ; indeed , this reflects the complacent neglect of relations of domination and subordination characteristic of functionalist theory generally .
the failure of the functionalist theory of stratification is ultimately its failure to locate normative and cultural dimensions of stratification within a [structure] of material inequality ; indeed , this reflects the complacent neglect of relations of domination and subordination characteristic of functionalist theory generally .

Specific debates about the character of class , class boundaries and changes in the class structure are contained within this framework .
specific debates about the character of class , class boundaries and changes in the class structure are contained within this [structure] .

Within this simple framework of social resentment it was soon possible for him to nurture an obsessive anti-Semitism , which seems at first to have no specific origin in his emotional experience .
within this simple [structure] of social resentment it was soon possible for him to nurture an obsessive anti-semitism , which seems at first to have no specific origin in his emotional experience .

In 1945–46 Soviet policy was to encourage cooperation between the moderate leftists and the communists until an administrative framework had been created .
in 1945–46 soviet policy was to encourage cooperation between the moderate leftists and the communists until an administrative [structure] had been created .

Firm-edge bases have springs inside a wood framework .
firm-edge bases have springs inside a wood [structure] .

Part of the problem , of course , is the vagueness , for most people , of the framework within which such thinking is supposed to take place . What is this ‘ Europe ’ we are talking about ? Where exactly do you establish its boundaries , when most of the well-known definitions , turn out to be legally and politically meaningless ? How do you capture its essence when there is so little ethnic , linguistic or any other kind of unity ? who exactly put it all together ? Did Julius Caesar , Charlemagne , the mediaeval popes , Martin Luther , Napoleon or Hitler have any idea what they were doing when they made their own particular contributions to the architecture ?
part of the problem , of course , is the vagueness , for most people , of the [structure] within which such thinking is supposed to take place . what is this ‘ europe ’ we are talking about ? where exactly do you establish its boundaries , when most of the well-known definitions , turn out to be legally and politically meaningless ? how do you capture its essence when there is so little ethnic , linguistic or any other kind of unity ? who exactly put it all together ? did julius caesar , charlemagne , the mediaeval popes , martin luther , napoleon or hitler have any idea what they were doing when they made their own particular contributions to the architecture ?

As Michael Gordon explained in these pages two decades ago : ‘ If all Blake had offered was a framework , that would have been the end of it .
as michael gordon explained in these pages two decades ago : ‘ if all blake had offered was a [structure] , that would have been the end of it .

The framework of a fairly new machine Car Wars .
the [structure] of a fairly new machine car wars .

The whole first part provides a framework for what we have just described as a level-of-analysis problem with three layers and two dimensions .
the whole first part provides a [structure] for what we have just described as a level-of-analysis problem with three layers and two dimensions .

To this extent our framework is artificial and offered only as an aide-mémoire for theoretical intricacies richer than we have made them .
to this extent our [structure] is artificial and offered only as an aide-mémoire for theoretical intricacies richer than we have made them .

This chapter will trace the rise of the leading approaches and show how disputes within the discipline have helped to create a scientific framework for it .
this chapter will trace the rise of the leading approaches and show how disputes within the discipline have helped to create a scientific [structure] for it .

Indeed , those in the Behaviouralist camp saw themselves as working within an intellectual framework altogether different from that inhabited by the Realists .
indeed , those in the behaviouralist camp saw themselves as working within an intellectual [structure] altogether different from that inhabited by the realists .

However powerful or disruptive other actors become , the theoretical framework is still set by what states decide about guidelines or , in a systems perspective , what states are pressured into deciding by the demands of the system .
however powerful or disruptive other actors become , the theoretical [structure] is still set by what states decide about guidelines or , in a systems perspective , what states are pressured into deciding by the demands of the system .

Apparent exceptions were put on one side to await later explanation within the Newtonian framework ; and this was the proper attitude for anyone wanting public recognition as a good scientist .
apparent exceptions were put on one side to await later explanation within the newtonian [structure] ; and this was the proper attitude for anyone wanting public recognition as a good scientist .

In this way all actions can be made to fit within the framework .
in this way all actions can be made to fit within the [structure] .

Action occurs within a framework of shared meanings — rules and collective values — but is not dictated by that framework .
action occurs within a [structure] of shared meanings — rules and collective values — but is not dictated by that [structure] .

Cut unwanted stems of the clematis back hard , to 1ft from the ground , leaving just a framework of stems .
cut unwanted stems of the clematis back hard , to 1ft from the ground , leaving just a [structure] of stems .

Remove stems on grape vines that have borne fruit , and cut the vine back to its main framework .
remove stems on grape vines that have borne fruit , and cut the vine back to its main [structure] .

‘ They are our conclusions , based on our own research , our own predispositions , our own framework , our own lack of preconceptions .
‘ they are our conclusions , based on our own research , our own predispositions , our own [structure] , our own lack of preconceptions .

Granted , one must not hypothesise wildly ; one must confine one 's speculation to the framework of known historical data and probabilities .
granted , one must not hypothesise wildly ; one must confine one 's speculation to the [structure] of known historical data and probabilities .

Within this framework , however , it is perfectly valid , and indeed necessary , to speculate — to interpret the meagre , opaque and often contradictory evidence that does exist .
within this [structure] , however , it is perfectly valid , and indeed necessary , to speculate — to interpret the meagre , opaque and often contradictory evidence that does exist .

Every other aspect of the culture was similarly absorbed within a religious framework .
every other aspect of the culture was similarly absorbed within a religious [structure] .

Then , too , there were residues of polytheistic Goddess-worship within the framework of Judaism itself , cults , dedicated to the ancient Canaanite goddess Miriam or Rabath .
then , too , there were residues of polytheistic goddess-worship within the [structure] of judaism itself , cults , dedicated to the ancient canaanite goddess miriam or rabath .

If Rome , during the time of Constantine , began to assume the characteristics of the old Herodian Sadducee priesthood , Egyptian Christianity beyond the city centres diverged increasingly towards the kind of framework that had served the Zadokites or Essenes of Jesus 's time .
if rome , during the time of constantine , began to assume the characteristics of the old herodian sadducee priesthood , egyptian christianity beyond the city centres diverged increasingly towards the kind of [structure] that had served the zadokites or essenes of jesus 's time .

The first part of this chapter describes the conceptual framework underlying our predictions about heroin use in Wirral , and is followed by an account of our second survey of problem drug use and our forecasts of future prevalence .
the first part of this chapter describes the conceptual [structure] underlying our predictions about heroin use in wirral , and is followed by an account of our second survey of problem drug use and our forecasts of future prevalence .

Nevertheless , we adopt the ‘ epidemic ’ metaphor in this chapter not just as convenient shorthand for an increase in heroin use , but rather because of its pivotal role in a theoretical framework which allows projections of future trends to be constructed .
nevertheless , we adopt the ‘ epidemic ’ metaphor in this chapter not just as convenient shorthand for an increase in heroin use , but rather because of its pivotal role in a theoretical [structure] which allows projections of future trends to be constructed .

Drawing on American research on heroin ‘ epidemics ’ , we can also add empirical ‘ meat ’ to this conceptual framework .
drawing on american research on heroin ‘ epidemics ’ , we can also add empirical ‘ meat ’ to this conceptual [structure] .

As detailed in the previous section , using a theoretical framework developed from American research into heroin ‘ epidemics ’ , this formula allowed us to estimate that prevalence was still increasing but that incidence was decreasing .
as detailed in the previous section , using a theoretical [structure] developed from american research into heroin ‘ epidemics ’ , this formula allowed us to estimate that prevalence was still increasing but that incidence was decreasing .

There is little doubt that the Convention has not only produced an orderly framework within which the various forms of procedure can operate but has also , in the Central Authority system , produced a very successful and increasingly well-used mechanism .
there is little doubt that the convention has not only produced an orderly [structure] within which the various forms of procedure can operate but has also , in the central authority system , produced a very successful and increasingly well-used mechanism .

In the United Kingdom the 1836 Births and Deaths Registration Act provides the framework for the current system of death registration .
in the united kingdom the 1836 births and deaths registration act provides the [structure] for the current system of death registration .

Rarely have researchers extended their analysis to consider inequalities within older age groups , possibly because they have implicitly or explicitly adopted a biological/medical framework which considers that old age is characterized by universal and inevitable ill health .
rarely have researchers extended their analysis to consider inequalities within older age groups , possibly because they have implicitly or explicitly adopted a biological/medical [structure] which considers that old age is characterized by universal and inevitable ill health .

They see their social life as a struggle for personal dignity in a general social framework that daily denies them this dignity .
they see their social life as a struggle for personal dignity in a general social [structure] that daily denies them this dignity .

Goffman has described how institutions offer individuals a framework for a moral career .
goffman has described how institutions offer individuals a [structure] for a moral career .

This is of even more moment if , instead of acts of real violence , displays of weapons or aborted action-sequences are produced within a ritual framework .
this is of even more moment if , instead of acts of real violence , displays of weapons or aborted action-sequences are produced within a ritual [structure] .

Our interest , however , lies in the principles employed by the pupils themselves to fit the actions they describe into a meaningful framework .
our interest , however , lies in the principles employed by the pupils themselves to fit the actions they describe into a meaningful [structure] .

Not surprisingly , one potent source of offence , interpreted within the framework of practices which depersonalize and are therefore contemptuous , was the failure of the Headteacher to know people 's names .
not surprisingly , one potent source of offence , interpreted within the [structure] of practices which depersonalize and are therefore contemptuous , was the failure of the headteacher to know people 's names .

Within the official school framework there are penalties for inappropriate behaviour and the pupils acknowledge , at least , its theoretical structure .
within the official school [structure] there are penalties for inappropriate behaviour and the pupils acknowledge , at least , its theoretical structure .

It appears from the accounts that quite a different reading is given to occasions of physical or verbal reprimand which fall within the acknowledged framework of official penalties .
it appears from the accounts that quite a different reading is given to occasions of physical or verbal reprimand which fall within the acknowledged [structure] of official penalties .

However unpleasant the offence , it remains within a non-demeaning framework .
however unpleasant the offence , it remains within a non-demeaning [structure] .

Where the offence occurs within a legitimate framework , a principle of simple reciprocity frequently applies .
where the offence occurs within a legitimate [structure] , a principle of simple reciprocity frequently applies .

It might , of course , mean that that particular person will readily be labelled ‘ deviant ’ , but it is equally possible that an individual could fully appreciate the attitude ( s ) of the generalized other and yet choose not to act within its framework .
it might , of course , mean that that particular person will readily be labelled ‘ deviant ’ , but it is equally possible that an individual could fully appreciate the attitude ( s ) of the generalized other and yet choose not to act within its [structure] .

What little ‘ trouble ’ there is virtually disappears as the pupils rise up the school , developing a conception of themselves as valued persons within the official framework .
what little ‘ trouble ’ there is virtually disappears as the pupils rise up the school , developing a conception of themselves as valued persons within the official [structure] .

But for the members of these schoolroom societies it is a test within the framework of the official conception of school .
but for the members of these schoolroom societies it is a test within the [structure] of the official conception of school .

The role positions enable demonstrations of character and worth , leading to the attainment of status , to take place within an ordered and rule-governed framework .
the role positions enable demonstrations of character and worth , leading to the attainment of status , to take place within an ordered and rule-governed [structure] .

We have suggested that the Novices-Rowdies-Town Boys groups provide a distinct hierarchical framework for careers .
we have suggested that the novices-rowdies-town boys groups provide a distinct hierarchical [structure] for careers .

Such a framework has more than a passing similarity with the career structure observed by Howard Parker in his study of young delinquents in Liverpool .
such a [structure] has more than a passing similarity with the career structure observed by howard parker in his study of young delinquents in liverpool .

On the football terrace , however , the other groups mentioned serve as side channels to the main career framework .
on the football terrace , however , the other groups mentioned serve as side channels to the main career [structure] .

In interpreting data , then , the gradual changes in the social framework at Oxford United have been taken into account .
in interpreting data , then , the gradual changes in the social [structure] at oxford united have been taken into account .

For this purpose , we need to show that the roles serve as a focus for patterns of social relationships and for a framework enabling social development .
for this purpose , we need to show that the roles serve as a focus for patterns of social relationships and for a [structure] enabling social development .

In so doing , he aims to establish a ‘ framework in which the assumptions are clearly stated and used to derive a consistent , even if somewhat simplistic , analysis of the issue under examination .
in so doing , he aims to establish a ‘ [structure] in which the assumptions are clearly stated and used to derive a consistent , even if somewhat simplistic , analysis of the issue under examination .

The means by which competing public policy goals are to be traded off against one another and yet , at the same time , housed within a satisfactory regulatory framework is a task which all regulatory authorities , whatever the jurisdiction , face .
the means by which competing public policy goals are to be traded off against one another and yet , at the same time , housed within a satisfactory regulatory [structure] is a task which all regulatory authorities , whatever the jurisdiction , face .

By virtue of the single capacity system , there was an established and sufficiently flexible regulatory framework , with participating members generally similar in terms of capital adequacy and profitability .
by virtue of the single capacity system , there was an established and sufficiently flexible regulatory [structure] , with participating members generally similar in terms of capital adequacy and profitability .

2.2 . The New Regulatory Framework : The Financial Services Act 1986
2.2 . the new regulatory [structure] : the financial services act 1986

The structural changes which were at the heart of Big Bang necessitated a radical overhaul of the existing regulatory framework . Indeed , as Goodhart observed :
the structural changes which were at the heart of big bang necessitated a radical overhaul of the existing regulatory [structure] . indeed , as goodhart observed :

In pre-Big Bang times there existed a widespread belief that the then existing regulatory framework was not only propping up an inefficient system but that it was also outmoded and fast becoming inadequate for the protection of investors .
in pre-big bang times there existed a widespread belief that the then existing regulatory [structure] was not only propping up an inefficient system but that it was also outmoded and fast becoming inadequate for the protection of investors .

Analyzed within Becker 's framework , insider dealing and , indeed , other conflict abuse , yields sizeable profits , especially when set against the low risk of detection .
analyzed within becker 's [structure] , insider dealing and , indeed , other conflict abuse , yields sizeable profits , especially when set against the low risk of detection .

First , to the structural changes and pressures which caused ‘ Big Bang ’ ; secondly , to the need for , and the broad principles of , the new regulatory framework ; and lastly , to the increased potential for abuse with regard to both conflicts of duty and interest resulting from the merging together of financial intermediaries , especially banks and securities houses , under the one corporate roof , or conglomerate grouping .
first , to the structural changes and pressures which caused ‘ big bang ’ ; secondly , to the need for , and the broad principles of , the new regulatory [structure] ; and lastly , to the increased potential for abuse with regard to both conflicts of duty and interest resulting from the merging together of financial intermediaries , especially banks and securities houses , under the one corporate roof , or conglomerate grouping .

Today the obviously ancient framework sits alongside modern additions and reconstructions .
today the obviously ancient [structure] sits alongside modern additions and reconstructions .

Integrating primary care into the contracting framework of the health service will have advantages for patients , doctors , and managers but general practitioners could see it as a threat to independence rather than an end to isolation .
integrating primary care into the contracting [structure] of the health service will have advantages for patients , doctors , and managers but general practitioners could see it as a threat to independence rather than an end to isolation .

She points out that what feminist thought has done is to take pornography out of its usual position in the argument between conservatives and liberals over censorship , and to put it into a completely different framework ( p. 137 ) .
she points out that what feminist thought has done is to take pornography out of its usual position in the argument between conservatives and liberals over censorship , and to put it into a completely different [structure] ( p. 137 ) .

And just as the ethical perspective of Stoicism was shaped by the slave-status of some of its principal proponents , so the ethical perspective of women has evolved within a framework of powerlessness to affect external events — even the lives of her own children within the family structure — and powerlessness to resist the inexorable internal cycle of obtrusive biological change , with the social and economic concomitants of that change that are absent in the case of the more modulated maturing and ageing processes of men .
and just as the ethical perspective of stoicism was shaped by the slave-status of some of its principal proponents , so the ethical perspective of women has evolved within a [structure] of powerlessness to affect external events — even the lives of her own children within the family structure — and powerlessness to resist the inexorable internal cycle of obtrusive biological change , with the social and economic concomitants of that change that are absent in the case of the more modulated maturing and ageing processes of men .

Wooden risers are fixed to these strings , and the framework is then positioned and held in place , ready for the concrete .
wooden risers are fixed to these strings , and the [structure] is then positioned and held in place , ready for the concrete .

The basic framework can be made from softwood timber battens , covered with sheets of melamine-faced chipboard , which are available these days in many colours and textures more interesting than plain white .
the basic [structure] can be made from softwood timber battens , covered with sheets of melamine-faced chipboard , which are available these days in many colours and textures more interesting than plain white .

This new wall consists of a 75 × 50″ framework , with the uprights set at 406mm centres , to suit 1220 × 2440mm plasterboard .
this new wall consists of a 75 × 50″ [structure] , with the uprights set at 406mm centres , to suit 1220 × 2440mm plasterboard .

The framework is fixed about 50mm from the party wall , and into this space is hung a sound-absorbent quilt , held by a batten fixed either to the wall or ceiling .
the [structure] is fixed about 50mm from the party wall , and into this space is hung a sound-absorbent quilt , held by a batten fixed either to the wall or ceiling .

For the best results , the framework has to be strong enough to support itself and two thicknesses of 12mm plasterboard .
for the best results , the [structure] has to be strong enough to support itself and two thicknesses of 12mm plasterboard .

It 's the main framework that you do n't really want to replace , unless it 's absolutely necessary .
it 's the main [structure] that you do n't really want to replace , unless it 's absolutely necessary .

However , the system of floating exchange rates was thought at the time to be a temporary feature of the international monetary system : it was hoped that a new framework would be found for a return to some kind of adjustable peg in which the burden of adjustment was clearly defined , both for deficit and surplus countries , and in which reserve assets were not based primarily on one currency .
however , the system of floating exchange rates was thought at the time to be a temporary feature of the international monetary system : it was hoped that a new [structure] would be found for a return to some kind of adjustable peg in which the burden of adjustment was clearly defined , both for deficit and surplus countries , and in which reserve assets were not based primarily on one currency .

However , he has elaborated on the simple quantity theory to provide a more sophisticated framework for the explanation of a link between monetary growth and inflation .
however , he has elaborated on the simple quantity theory to provide a more sophisticated [structure] for the explanation of a link between monetary growth and inflation .

12.2 the framework of macroeconomic management
12.2 the [structure] of macroeconomic management

It is quite reasonable for someone to draw on specific groups and try to understand particular pieces of action , to use a wider theoretical framework in which to place these actions and try to understand them in this way .
it is quite reasonable for someone to draw on specific groups and try to understand particular pieces of action , to use a wider theoretical [structure] in which to place these actions and try to understand them in this way .

The interrelationships between these concepts involve a shift from the descriptive framework in which thoughts and memories can be described as conscious , preconscious or unconscious — and feelings as either conscious or unconscious , but not preconscious — to a more dynamic framework of the psychic life of human beings .
the interrelationships between these concepts involve a shift from the descriptive [structure] in which thoughts and memories can be described as conscious , preconscious or unconscious — and feelings as either conscious or unconscious , but not preconscious — to a more dynamic [structure] of the psychic life of human beings .

This framework brings in the concepts of ego , super-ego , id , and the repressed , which had always been used in Freud 's system before the advent of the ego , super-ego , id , model .
this [structure] brings in the concepts of ego , super-ego , id , and the repressed , which had always been used in freud 's system before the advent of the ego , super-ego , id , model .

Happiness is to be found , on this view , in achieving goals within a normative framework .
happiness is to be found , on this view , in achieving goals within a normative [structure] .

The psychoanalyst uses a more general framework of knowledge derived from other analyses , and applies the more general concepts to the individual case so as to make sense of the development of the person .
the psychoanalyst uses a more general [structure] of knowledge derived from other analyses , and applies the more general concepts to the individual case so as to make sense of the development of the person .

Utilitarian notions in the social sciences are not enough for even providing a conceptual framework for grasping what actually happens .
utilitarian notions in the social sciences are not enough for even providing a conceptual [structure] for grasping what actually happens .

He , like many of his critics and followers , failed to see that the claims for a new scientific conceptualization rest not only on the ‘ facts ’ they are concerned to put into some kind of order , but also on the capacity of the new theoretical framework to bring out connections between what , until the new framework is used , appear as unconnected bits and pieces of information .
he , like many of his critics and followers , failed to see that the claims for a new scientific conceptualization rest not only on the ‘ facts ’ they are concerned to put into some kind of order , but also on the capacity of the new theoretical [structure] to bring out connections between what , until the new [structure] is used , appear as unconnected bits and pieces of information .

‘ Facts ’ do not just exist , they have to be grasped by the intellect , using a conceptual framework .
‘ facts ’ do not just exist , they have to be grasped by the intellect , using a conceptual [structure] .

This increased flexibility in the conceptual framework allows Freud to see the Nirvana principle alone as the principle which seeks the reduction , lowering or elimination of tensions , and the pleasure principle as seeking pleasure and avoiding pain .
this increased flexibility in the conceptual [structure] allows freud to see the nirvana principle alone as the principle which seeks the reduction , lowering or elimination of tensions , and the pleasure principle as seeking pleasure and avoiding pain .

The generalised tectonic framework is shown in Figure 2 .
the generalised tectonic [structure] is shown in figure 2 .

The planning framework in England and Wales is provided by the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 , as amended by the Town and Country Planning ( Minerals ) Act 1981 .
the planning [structure] in england and wales is provided by the town and country planning act 1971 , as amended by the town and country planning ( minerals ) act 1981 .

In Great Britain , the broad framework for the use of land is provided by Structure Plans .
in great britain , the broad [structure] for the use of land is provided by structure plans .

Local mineral plans will build on this framework with more site-specific proposals .
local mineral plans will build on this [structure] with more site-specific proposals .

Sanchia Holmes , manageress of the Framework clothes shop , said Saturday was usually their busiest day and they had missed out on a good deal of custom .
sanchia holmes , manageress of the [structure] clothes shop , said saturday was usually their busiest day and they had missed out on a good deal of custom .

He acknowledges that in many sectors the legal framework , which is based on the Portuguese legal system , needs tightening .
he acknowledges that in many sectors the legal [structure] , which is based on the portuguese legal system , needs tightening .

And that has meant getting the organisational framework right .
and that has meant getting the organisational [structure] right .

3 . The following guidelines describe the general framework within which proposals should be formulated :
3 . the following guidelines describe the general [structure] within which proposals should be formulated :

The adequacy of the time provided for discussion at Validation Events will be monitored closely during the validation of Phase 2 Pilots and the experience gained over both pilots will contribute to the framework established for the post Pilot stage .
the adequacy of the time provided for discussion at validation events will be monitored closely during the validation of phase 2 pilots and the experience gained over both pilots will contribute to the [structure] established for the post pilot stage .

providing input to the development of the overall course framework , including the determination of the broad course competences , and input to the writing of unit specifications for core areas ;
providing input to the development of the overall course [structure] , including the determination of the broad course competences , and input to the writing of unit specifications for core areas ;

For courses arising from phase 1 and 2 pilots , there will be a progressive arrangement , through review of validation , to bring the pilots into the new operational framework .
for courses arising from phase 1 and 2 pilots , there will be a progressive arrangement , through review of validation , to bring the pilots into the new operational [structure] .

The next stage was to recruit and train writers for each of the units identified in the framework .
the next stage was to recruit and train writers for each of the units identified in the [structure] .

The National Certificate provision in modern languages aims to provide a framework for learning which is responsive to the needs of a wide range of learners .
the national certificate provision in modern languages aims to provide a [structure] for learning which is responsive to the needs of a wide range of learners .

It is anticipated that more work will be undertaken in this area , resulting in a national framework of units suitable for use at advanced level .
it is anticipated that more work will be undertaken in this area , resulting in a national [structure] of units suitable for use at advanced level .

To work towards a transnational framework of standards and qualifications in this area .
to work towards a transnational [structure] of standards and qualifications in this area .

It is likely that group awards in sciences will be developed for introduction in 1993 using the new framework of modules .
it is likely that group awards in sciences will be developed for introduction in 1993 using the new [structure] of modules .

It contains a framework of core and optional units from which the colleges will plan courses which are tailored to meet the needs of students and end-users in their own local areas .
it contains a [structure] of core and optional units from which the colleges will plan courses which are tailored to meet the needs of students and end-users in their own local areas .

The national framework for HNDs in engineering disciplines aims to facilitate progression from HNCs , and is common to all engineering disciplines . The core subject areas for the HNDs are :
the national [structure] for hnds in engineering disciplines aims to facilitate progression from hncs , and is common to all engineering disciplines . the core subject areas for the hnds are :

Although these are still in draft form , the Lead Body will use them to prepare a new framework for Vocational Qualifications .
although these are still in draft form , the lead body will use them to prepare a new [structure] for vocational qualifications .

As mentioned earlier , it was realised at an early stage that the new certification framework would have to be underpinned by a documentation method that was easy for all to understand , cost effective and capable of responding to new developments in education and training .
as mentioned earlier , it was realised at an early stage that the new certification [structure] would have to be underpinned by a documentation method that was easy for all to understand , cost effective and capable of responding to new developments in education and training .

As with any new development , it is very important that full and accurate information on the new framework is made available to all who might be affected .
as with any new development , it is very important that full and accurate information on the new [structure] is made available to all who might be affected .

In particular , a framework for the future devolution of quality assurance to centres is suggested , based on the concept of a ‘ quality audit ’ by which a centre 's readiness for devolution would be assessed .
in particular , a [structure] for the future devolution of quality assurance to centres is suggested , based on the concept of a ‘ quality audit ’ by which a centre 's readiness for devolution would be assessed .

This edition of ‘ Update ’ is devoted to the new Quality Framework .
this edition of ‘ update ’ is devoted to the new quality [structure] .

There is a fuller description of the Framework in the ‘ Quality Development Programme Policy Paper ’ , a copy of which has been sent to all centres .
there is a fuller description of the [structure] in the ‘ quality development programme policy paper ’ , a copy of which has been sent to all centres .

On the inside pages of this ‘ Update ’ , there is a description of the new Quality Framework .
on the inside pages of this ‘ update ’ , there is a description of the new quality [structure] .

The New Quality Framework
the new quality [structure]

The new Quality Framework to be introduced in 1992/3 will have three components :
the new quality [structure] to be introduced in 1992/3 will have three components :

Each of these three components of the Quality Framework is described in this ‘ Update ’ .
each of these three components of the quality [structure] is described in this ‘ update ’ .

In the Quality Framework , there will be three elements which provide quality assurance and quality control .
in the quality [structure] , there will be three elements which provide quality assurance and quality control .

Towards Implementation of the Quality Framework
towards implementation of the quality [structure]

We intend to implement the new Quality Framework in session 1992/3 .
we intend to implement the new quality [structure] in session 1992/3 .

produce staff development material for centres , to support the new Framework ;
produce staff development material for centres , to support the new [structure] ;

discuss the new Framework with other bodies which have an interest in the quality auditing of centres to seek mutual recognition , to avoid unnecessary duplication of effort and to minimise intrusion in centres .
discuss the new [structure] with other bodies which have an interest in the quality auditing of centres to seek mutual recognition , to avoid unnecessary duplication of effort and to minimise intrusion in centres .

When that development has been completed , we will implement the new Quality Framework by a centre-by-centre timetable of Quality Audits . We will design the sequence in the timetable to give priority to :
when that development has been completed , we will implement the new quality [structure] by a centre-by-centre timetable of quality audits . we will design the sequence in the timetable to give priority to :

The Quality Framework described in this Update has been shaped by those responses .
the quality [structure] described in this update has been shaped by those responses .

Three substantive European Insurance Directives ( Accounts , Non-Life Framework and Life Framework ) have been agreed in the past year .
three substantive european insurance directives ( accounts , non-life [structure] and life [structure] ) have been agreed in the past year .

What the framework aims to do is to enable industry , for example , to set its own standards of qualifications .
what the [structure] aims to do is to enable industry , for example , to set its own standards of qualifications .

It hardly needs stating that the great majority of liability claims , whether in respect of personal injuries or otherwise , are handled to conclusion by insurers without the assistance of the formal legal framework of Courts , Solicitors and Counsel .
it hardly needs stating that the great majority of liability claims , whether in respect of personal injuries or otherwise , are handled to conclusion by insurers without the assistance of the formal legal [structure] of courts , solicitors and counsel .

Nevertheless , the scheme by which claims are made and paid is governed by that framework , and if parties can not resolve their differences , litigation ensues .
nevertheless , the scheme by which claims are made and paid is governed by that [structure] , and if parties can not resolve their differences , litigation ensues .

One subject currently under consideration is the place of the protection and management of archaeological and historical sites and landscapes within the wider framework of the countryside management .
one subject currently under consideration is the place of the protection and management of archaeological and historical sites and landscapes within the wider [structure] of the countryside management .

Against that background a European framework becomes more attractive .
against that background a european [structure] becomes more attractive .

It became clear from the Government 's autumn statement that pressure on public expenditure is likely to get worse rather than better for the foreseeable future , and that any developments must take place within such a framework .
it became clear from the government 's autumn statement that pressure on public expenditure is likely to get worse rather than better for the foreseeable future , and that any developments must take place within such a [structure] .

The main duties and responsibilities of the board provided a general framework but training developers had little to go on beyond this .
the main duties and responsibilities of the board provided a general [structure] but training developers had little to go on beyond this .

The committee also explores what it believes to be the public 's expectations in regard to the independence , accountability and legal liability of external auditors within the present corporate governance framework .
the committee also explores what it believes to be the public 's expectations in regard to the independence , accountability and legal liability of external auditors within the present corporate governance [structure] .

Within that framework the committee believes that it is not clear , firstly , whether external auditors are independent of the directors of the companies they audit , secondly , whether external auditors should be accountable to a wide range of stakeholders or only to primary stakeholders , and , thirdly , for what and to whom external auditors are financially liable if they fail in any of their duties .
within that [structure] the committee believes that it is not clear , firstly , whether external auditors are independent of the directors of the companies they audit , secondly , whether external auditors should be accountable to a wide range of stakeholders or only to primary stakeholders , and , thirdly , for what and to whom external auditors are financially liable if they fail in any of their duties .

At the time of writing , two major developments in the European incentives ' field are still under discussion — the negotiation of the next ( Fourth ) Framework Programme for research and development , and the outcome of the reform of the Structural Fund Regulations ( which govern the operation of the European Regional Development Fund , the European Agricultural Guidance and Guarantee Fund and the European Social Fund ) .
at the time of writing , two major developments in the european incentives ' field are still under discussion — the negotiation of the next ( fourth ) [structure] programme for research and development , and the outcome of the reform of the structural fund regulations ( which govern the operation of the european regional development fund , the european agricultural guidance and guarantee fund and the european social fund ) .

The regional tourist boards should now be strongly supporting the need for the national framework , for guidance and assistance that can only come from a central body — yet they dare not speak too loudly for fear that their reduced funding will be cut even further if DoNH reallocates it to the national level .
the regional tourist boards should now be strongly supporting the need for the national [structure] , for guidance and assistance that can only come from a central body — yet they dare not speak too loudly for fear that their reduced funding will be cut even further if donh reallocates it to the national level .

In the absence of a ready-made framework in Scotland , the firm looked elsewhere to the English Law Society 's Continuing Professional Development scheme , launched last year and aimed at not only keeping solicitors up to date with the law but to develop management and other professional skills and to enhance career development .
in the absence of a ready-made [structure] in scotland , the firm looked elsewhere to the english law society 's continuing professional development scheme , launched last year and aimed at not only keeping solicitors up to date with the law but to develop management and other professional skills and to enhance career development .

After a review both the trade and Customs accept that the current legal framework continues to provide a broadly satisfactory distinction between categories that are and are n't excluded from zero-rating for food , Customs said — even though originally there was concern over confusion about the correct interpretation of food products ‘ obtained by the swelling of cereals ’ .
after a review both the trade and customs accept that the current legal [structure] continues to provide a broadly satisfactory distinction between categories that are and are n't excluded from zero-rating for food , customs said — even though originally there was concern over confusion about the correct interpretation of food products ‘ obtained by the swelling of cereals ’ .

describes a study carried out to observe classroom practice within the framework of equal opportunities , and points to possible dilemmas for the teacher
describes a study carried out to observe classroom practice within the [structure] of equal opportunities , and points to possible dilemmas for the teacher

We made use of an analytic framework derived from research by Kelly ( 1980 ) .
we made use of an analytic [structure] derived from research by kelly ( 1980 ) .

Based on an aspect of attachment theory which emphasizes the relationship between a sense of security and willingness to explore and venture into new domains , this framework allowed us to examine secondees ' experiences during a period of transition .
based on an aspect of attachment theory which emphasizes the relationship between a sense of security and willingness to explore and venture into new domains , this [structure] allowed us to examine secondees ' experiences during a period of transition .

This framework had the advantage of pointing up particular events in the process which would be improved by more careful management by ‘ sending ’ as well as ‘ receiving ’ employers .
this [structure] had the advantage of pointing up particular events in the process which would be improved by more careful management by ‘ sending ’ as well as ‘ receiving ’ employers .

We expect you to keep within the framework of the general principles outlined in pages 23 and 24 .
we expect you to keep within the [structure] of the general principles outlined in pages 23 and 24 .

The Employment Service Framework Document provides for the review and revision of this Agreement if necessary .
the employment service [structure] document provides for the review and revision of this agreement if necessary .

This module provides a research framework to help teachers examine some aspect of their own professional development .
this module provides a research [structure] to help teachers examine some aspect of their own professional development .

’ We try — often consciously — to reinforce the image of our selves we are trying to convey by adopting codes which are recognised by others within a cultural framework .
’ we try — often consciously — to reinforce the image of our selves we are trying to convey by adopting codes which are recognised by others within a cultural [structure] .

This is soon to be published in draft and will provide a strategic planning framework for the region to the year 2005 .
this is soon to be published in draft and will provide a strategic planning [structure] for the region to the year 2005 .

This is soon to be published in draft and will provide a strategic planning framework for the region to the year 2005 .
this is soon to be published in draft and will provide a strategic planning [structure] for the region to the year 2005 .

This plan , together with the Structure Plan will provide the development plan framework .
this plan , together with the structure plan will provide the development plan [structure] .

The Director encouraged individuals to respond to the Scottish Office — to ensure these efforts are guided , it would be useful if your Divisional response on strategic planning was circulated within our Division as a standard framework .
the director encouraged individuals to respond to the scottish office — to ensure these efforts are guided , it would be useful if your divisional response on strategic planning was circulated within our division as a standard [structure] .

For the first time , a coherent national framework of vocational qualifications is available and at the end of this year NVQs and SVQs will be available for the vast majority of the working population .
for the first time , a coherent national [structure] of vocational qualifications is available and at the end of this year nvqs and svqs will be available for the vast majority of the working population .

In the first year , local and national cities are studied , and in the second year a major European city provides the framework for individual design projects , and this is used to demonstrate competence over the full range of architectural design .
in the first year , local and national cities are studied , and in the second year a major european city provides the [structure] for individual design projects , and this is used to demonstrate competence over the full range of architectural design .

Gender in Society will be of interest to advanced level students wishing to study gender issues within a social science framework .
gender in society will be of interest to advanced level students wishing to study gender issues within a social science [structure] .

In other words , it is concerned with the examination of the principles and framework , if any , required to make politics possible .
in other words , it is concerned with the examination of the principles and [structure] , if any , required to make politics possible .

It is loosely divided into Pure Mathematics ( concerned with developing a rigorous and logical framework for mathematical entities ) and Applied Mathematics ( the use of mathematical techniques and results in the study of other disciplines , eg Biology , Economics , Physics ) .
it is loosely divided into pure mathematics ( concerned with developing a rigorous and logical [structure] for mathematical entities ) and applied mathematics ( the use of mathematical techniques and results in the study of other disciplines , eg biology , economics , physics ) .

The Edinburgh curriculum covers similar ground , providing intensive language and cultural courses relating to one of the community countries , plus a range of core subjects designed to introduce students to the common denominators of European experience , Philosophical Tradition , History , Politics , Institutions and Legal Framework .
the edinburgh curriculum covers similar ground , providing intensive language and cultural courses relating to one of the community countries , plus a range of core subjects designed to introduce students to the common denominators of european experience , philosophical tradition , history , politics , institutions and legal [structure] .

Denmark , West Germany and — ‘ as a borderline case ’ — the United Kingdom are ranked as medium corporatist and France is ranked as weak ( despite the existence of an institutional framework for ‘ neo-corporatist co-operation ’ ) .
denmark , west germany and — ‘ as a borderline case ’ — the united kingdom are ranked as medium corporatist and france is ranked as weak ( despite the existence of an institutional [structure] for ‘ neo-corporatist co-operation ’ ) .

Within this reorganized framework the state could simultaneously ensure the interests of the nascent mercantile and manufacturing classes and protect aristocratic property and privileges .
within this reorganized [structure] the state could simultaneously ensure the interests of the nascent mercantile and manufacturing classes and protect aristocratic property and privileges .

Indeed , it was the attempt by American political science to construct a framework for the comparative analysis of modern , transitional and traditional societies under the guidance of structural-functionalism , that led to the logical inevitability of the bureaucracy , particularly in developing states , being regarded as ‘ multifunctional ’ .
indeed , it was the attempt by american political science to construct a [structure] for the comparative analysis of modern , transitional and traditional societies under the guidance of structural-functionalism , that led to the logical inevitability of the bureaucracy , particularly in developing states , being regarded as ‘ multifunctional ’ .

In 1949 , the Soviet Union organized the Council for Mutual Economic Aid ( Comecon ) , paralleling the Organization for European Economic Cooperation , which had been formed in 1948 as a framework within which the United States could distribute aid to rebuild the warshattered West European economies .
in 1949 , the soviet union organized the council for mutual economic aid ( comecon ) , paralleling the organization for european economic cooperation , which had been formed in 1948 as a [structure] within which the united states could distribute aid to rebuild the warshattered west european economies .

In parallel with the dependency framework , but distanced theoretically and empirically from it by conceptual innovations and differences of interpretation , is the ‘ world system ’ approach whose origins can be found in the works of Immanuel Wallerstein , particularly his volumes on the modern world system ( see Wallerstein , 1974 ) .
in parallel with the dependency [structure] , but distanced theoretically and empirically from it by conceptual innovations and differences of interpretation , is the ‘ world system ’ approach whose origins can be found in the works of immanuel wallerstein , particularly his volumes on the modern world system ( see wallerstein , 1974 ) .

They do , however , provide a conceptual framework within which a theory may be constructed .
they do , however , provide a conceptual [structure] within which a theory may be constructed .

In order to connect and explain these facts , we need to generate a new framework , namely the culture-ideology of consumerism .
in order to connect and explain these facts , we need to generate a new [structure] , namely the culture-ideology of consumerism .

The world system as a system of nation-states and state-centrism as an explanatory framework , obviously do have a place in the analysis of these problems , as was illustrated in Chapter 1 .
the world system as a system of nation-states and state-centrism as an explanatory [structure] , obviously do have a place in the analysis of these problems , as was illustrated in chapter 1 .

This does not merely indicate that the framework for intrinsic factor production is in place but that it is being produced actively by the parietal cell from the end of the first trimester .
this does not merely indicate that the [structure] for intrinsic factor production is in place but that it is being produced actively by the parietal cell from the end of the first trimester .

This is difficult , particularly as most studies of the effects of the plague have tended to concentrate on the fourteenth-century epidemics , the Black Death of 1348–49 and the further outbreaks of the next generation , rather than on the recurrent visitations of the fifteenth century ( see Framework ) .
this is difficult , particularly as most studies of the effects of the plague have tended to concentrate on the fourteenth-century epidemics , the black death of 1348–49 and the further outbreaks of the next generation , rather than on the recurrent visitations of the fifteenth century ( see [structure] ) .

It is possible that there may have been a recovery of population around 1430 , as the previous decade was relatively free of plague , but from 1433 to 1454 epidemics again increased in frequency ( see Framework ) , some being general throughout the country and others being more localised , particularly in London .
it is possible that there may have been a recovery of population around 1430 , as the previous decade was relatively free of plague , but from 1433 to 1454 epidemics again increased in frequency ( see [structure] ) , some being general throughout the country and others being more localised , particularly in london .

Documentary material , however sparse it may be , provides a firmer chronological framework for the historian .
documentary material , however sparse it may be , provides a firmer chronological [structure] for the historian .

Alberta deputy minister Don Phillipon said several of his counterparts agreed to consider a ‘ common framework ’ for compensation and will be discussing the package with their respective governments .
alberta deputy minister don phillipon said several of his counterparts agreed to consider a ‘ common [structure] ’ for compensation and will be discussing the package with their respective governments .

Phillipon refused to say whether the framework assigns nominal dollar amounts for each individual or uses a funding formula .
phillipon refused to say whether the [structure] assigns nominal dollar amounts for each individual or uses a funding formula .

Phillipon told reporters that Quebec and Nova Scotia are not party to the framework since they had broken ranks with a 1991 provinical agreement to disdain unilateral compensation by earlier this year unveiling vastly discrepant compensation programmes .
phillipon told reporters that quebec and nova scotia are not party to the [structure] since they had broken ranks with a 1991 provinical agreement to disdain unilateral compensation by earlier this year unveiling vastly discrepant compensation programmes .

For example , operating decisions regarding the range of products to be made and sold would normally be made prior to the completion of the functional and master budgets , but these decisions when considered as a whole within the budgeting framework may be reconsidered and amendments made to the range .
for example , operating decisions regarding the range of products to be made and sold would normally be made prior to the completion of the functional and master budgets , but these decisions when considered as a whole within the budgeting [structure] may be reconsidered and amendments made to the range .

While suggesting that this approach is weak for ‘ inequality ’ purposes , the basic framework that is employed in general equilibrium tax analysis , and indeed in much of international trade theory , is cast in terms of the earnings of the different factors ( see chapter 13 ) .
while suggesting that this approach is weak for ‘ inequality ’ purposes , the basic [structure] that is employed in general equilibrium tax analysis , and indeed in much of international trade theory , is cast in terms of the earnings of the different factors ( see chapter 13 ) .

In contrast , some sort of appeal to , say , the authority of the government executive ( although in practice often the implicit outcome ) looks at odds with the individualistic framework of neoclassical economics .
in contrast , some sort of appeal to , say , the authority of the government executive ( although in practice often the implicit outcome ) looks at odds with the individualistic [structure] of neoclassical economics .

It ignores specific historical and political constraints to discuss a broader welfare-maximizing Paretian framework .
it ignores specific historical and political constraints to discuss a broader welfare-maximizing paretian [structure] .

However , in the absence of clear evidence and when the fiscal debate is difficult to resolve , it is possible that those who begin with a public choice framework may be led to quite different reform proposals from those who approach the issue from a more traditional framework .
however , in the absence of clear evidence and when the fiscal debate is difficult to resolve , it is possible that those who begin with a public choice [structure] may be led to quite different reform proposals from those who approach the issue from a more traditional [structure] .

All businesses , not just incorporated ones , gain from the public-good and quasi-public-good provisions of the public sector , especially the legal framework in which limited liability is enjoyed .
all businesses , not just incorporated ones , gain from the public-good and quasi-public-good provisions of the public sector , especially the legal [structure] in which limited liability is enjoyed .

To recap the method , direct taxes have a legal framework facilitating the assessment of the overall effective marginal tax rates .
to recap the method , direct taxes have a legal [structure] facilitating the assessment of the overall effective marginal tax rates .

The broadest framework ?
the broadest [structure] ?

This provides the framework for establishing strong links between large amounts of inter-dependent software , without the need to list too many individual modules .
this provides the [structure] for establishing strong links between large amounts of inter-dependent software , without the need to list too many individual modules .

It would be stupid to say that there are no egos , there 's always been a push and pull and there always will be , ’ explains Burgess , coolly positioning himself within the team framework — the intelligent old pop heads and firebrand upstart combination that makes The Charlatans devilish in Brit pop terms .
it would be stupid to say that there are no egos , there 's always been a push and pull and there always will be , ’ explains burgess , coolly positioning himself within the team [structure] — the intelligent old pop heads and firebrand upstart combination that makes the charlatans devilish in brit pop terms .

Scott Rockenfield pulses out the backbone framework on his suitably futuristic kit over which Chris DeGarmo and Micahel Wilton drape intricate guitar flesh .
scott rockenfield pulses out the backbone [structure] on his suitably futuristic kit over which chris degarmo and micahel wilton drape intricate guitar flesh .

His purpose in writing was to recount the human stories of all his fellow parishioners and their ancestors and to set them against the physical environment and administrative framework of the place where they lived .
his purpose in writing was to recount the human stories of all his fellow parishioners and their ancestors and to set them against the physical environment and administrative [structure] of the place where they lived .

During the century after the Restoration rural industries such as framework knitting and nailmaking grew at an unprecedented rate and the industrial towns flourished as never before .
during the century after the restoration rural industries such as [structure] knitting and nailmaking grew at an unprecedented rate and the industrial towns flourished as never before .

Framework knitting offered a lifeline to such people in ‘ open ’ parishes all over Leicestershire .
[structure] knitting offered a lifeline to such people in ‘ open ’ parishes all over leicestershire .

Far away from the great Victorian industrial districts , untouched even by the Midlands framework knitting industry , Northamptonshire conjures up an image of rural stability , great landed estates and ‘ close ’ villages .
far away from the great victorian industrial districts , untouched even by the midlands [structure] knitting industry , northamptonshire conjures up an image of rural stability , great landed estates and ‘ close ’ villages .

Framework knitting
[structure] knitting

Let us look at two or three of these framework knitting villages in more detail , starting with Countesthorpe to the south of Leicester .
let us look at two or three of these [structure] knitting villages in more detail , starting with countesthorpe to the south of leicester .

The parish register from 1 January 1813 to 31 December 1817 records the occupations of 74 men , of whom 51 ( that is nearly 70 per cent ) were framework knitters ; the rest comprised 12 labourers , 2 woolcombers , 2 blacksmiths , a framesmith , a farmer and grazier , a publican , a gardener , a tailor , a brick mason and a soldier .
the parish register from 1 january 1813 to 31 december 1817 records the occupations of 74 men , of whom 51 ( that is nearly 70 per cent ) were [structure] knitters ; the rest comprised 12 labourers , 2 woolcombers , 2 blacksmiths , a framesmith , a farmer and grazier , a publican , a gardener , a tailor , a brick mason and a soldier .

Between 1833 and 1837 ( inclusive ) 61 per cent were framework knitters , but by 1867–71 the proportion had declined to 49 per cent .
between 1833 and 1837 ( inclusive ) 61 per cent were [structure] knitters , but by 1867–71 the proportion had declined to 49 per cent .

Thurmaston , just to the north of Leicester , was another village that had become dependent upon framework knitting by the beginning of the nineteenth century .
thurmaston , just to the north of leicester , was another village that had become dependent upon [structure] knitting by the beginning of the nineteenth century .

The parish register records 91 men between 1813 and 1817 ( inclusive ) , of whom 60 , that is 2 out of every 3 , were framework knitters .
the parish register records 91 men between 1813 and 1817 ( inclusive ) , of whom 60 , that is 2 out of every 3 , were [structure] knitters .

By the nineteenth century the range of occupations had not increased ; the expanding population had simply turned to framework knitting .
by the nineteenth century the range of occupations had not increased ; the expanding population had simply turned to [structure] knitting .

Some of the Midland villages with a large number of framework knitters had a more diverse occupational structure than the examples we have just discussed ; they were not as completely dependent upon a single trade .
some of the midland villages with a large number of [structure] knitters had a more diverse occupational structure than the examples we have just discussed ; they were not as completely dependent upon a single trade .

Thurmaston 's northerly neighbour , Syston , had 54 framework knitters , 5 framesmiths and 3 woolcombers recorded in the parish register between 1813 and 1817 ( inclusive ) , but these craftsmen formed less than half of the 128 entries .
thurmaston 's northerly neighbour , syston , had 54 [structure] knitters , 5 framesmiths and 3 woolcombers recorded in the parish register between 1813 and 1817 ( inclusive ) , but these craftsmen formed less than half of the 128 entries .

By 1863–67 Syston 's register shows that the proportion of framework knitters had declined to 25 per cent .
by 1863–67 syston 's register shows that the proportion of [structure] knitters had declined to 25 per cent .

The 1863–67 register records 30 framework knitters , 2 framesmiths and 21 labourers ; 9 men worked on the railways , 1 was a coal merchant , 1 a gas house keeper and another a gas fitter ; the other craftsmen comprised 4 bricklayers and a brickmaker , 3 blacksmiths , 2 tailors , 2 shoemakers , 2 potters , 2 carpenters , a wheelwright , a cooper , a plumber and glazier , and a painter ; the rest included 2 gentlemen , a clerk in holy orders , a surgeon , 3 farmers , 2 general dealers , 2 grocers , a draper , 2 cattle dealers , 7 butchers , a tripe dresser , a pig jobber , a fellmonger , 2 gardeners , 2 grooms , a coachman and 2 commercial travellers .
the 1863–67 register records 30 [structure] knitters , 2 framesmiths and 21 labourers ; 9 men worked on the railways , 1 was a coal merchant , 1 a gas house keeper and another a gas fitter ; the other craftsmen comprised 4 bricklayers and a brickmaker , 3 blacksmiths , 2 tailors , 2 shoemakers , 2 potters , 2 carpenters , a wheelwright , a cooper , a plumber and glazier , and a painter ; the rest included 2 gentlemen , a clerk in holy orders , a surgeon , 3 farmers , 2 general dealers , 2 grocers , a draper , 2 cattle dealers , 7 butchers , a tripe dresser , a pig jobber , a fellmonger , 2 gardeners , 2 grooms , a coachman and 2 commercial travellers .

These and other strange animals would have given Olduvai a unique ambience , but the basic framework of the present-day savannah environment had already been established .
these and other strange animals would have given olduvai a unique ambience , but the basic [structure] of the present-day savannah environment had already been established .

It is already possible to identify the main characteristics of the School of Aphrodisias , its chronological framework and some aspects of its contribution to ancient sculpture .
it is already possible to identify the main characteristics of the school of aphrodisias , its chronological [structure] and some aspects of its contribution to ancient sculpture .

They related to attempts to control society through mass organisations and attempts to bring industry and the economy within the framework of a Fascist , Nazi state .
they related to attempts to control society through mass organisations and attempts to bring industry and the economy within the [structure] of a fascist , nazi state .

Instead , meaning and order is imposed on our lives as our behaviour , experiences , thoughts , feelings , and so on , are transformed into statistical data and interpreted within a scientific framework to which we have no access unless we 've been trained in the technical language of psychology .
instead , meaning and order is imposed on our lives as our behaviour , experiences , thoughts , feelings , and so on , are transformed into statistical data and interpreted within a scientific [structure] to which we have no access unless we 've been trained in the technical language of psychology .

Those who argue for participatory democracy believe active citizenship can not be established within the limitations set by the existing liberal-democratic framework .
those who argue for participatory democracy believe active citizenship can not be established within the limitations set by the existing liberal-democratic [structure] .

Awa Thiam from Senegal , a long time campaigner against genital mutilation and the guest speaker at the above mentioned conference , provided a progressive framework for women campaigning on this issue as far back as the 70 's in her book La parole aux Negress , Denoel-Gonthier ( ed ) Paris 1978 , English translation Let Our Black Sisters Speak Out , Pluto Press .
awa thiam from senegal , a long time campaigner against genital mutilation and the guest speaker at the above mentioned conference , provided a progressive [structure] for women campaigning on this issue as far back as the 70 's in her book la parole aux negress , denoel-gonthier ( ed ) paris 1978 , english translation let our black sisters speak out , pluto press .

It will provide a framework for structured , creative thinking and produce a greater understanding of the business and of the markets and other conditions in which the business operates .
it will provide a [structure] for structured , creative thinking and produce a greater understanding of the business and of the markets and other conditions in which the business operates .

Budget setting should be delegated to the manager who controls each function or service within an overall framework set by senior management .
budget setting should be delegated to the manager who controls each function or service within an overall [structure] set by senior management .

The framework set for the business as a whole should usually consist of two sections Part 1 : general guidelines that apply to all sectors Part 2 : specific guidelines for each function or service within each sector .
the [structure] set for the business as a whole should usually consist of two sections part 1 : general guidelines that apply to all sectors part 2 : specific guidelines for each function or service within each sector .

This phase concerns the planning and overall framework of a project , in terms of the critical parameters of cost and quality .
this phase concerns the planning and overall [structure] of a project , in terms of the critical parameters of cost and quality .

It should be noted that detail arrangements describing the procedural framework for managing and processing capital building schemes are available for use in the health service .
it should be noted that detail arrangements describing the procedural [structure] for managing and processing capital building schemes are available for use in the health service .

Each new application is assessed individually within a co-ordinated framework .
each new application is assessed individually within a co-ordinated [structure] .

Two decrees were issued by the Labour Ministry on Jan. 10 , 1990 , ( i ) announcing a nationwide 16 per cent wage increase for workers in state enterprises , stating that this was within the framework of the economic recovery programme ; and ( ii ) stating that strikes might legally be called by trade union committees or mass meetings of workers but that notice should be given to both the employer and the ministry and that strike action should only be used as a last resort .
two decrees were issued by the labour ministry on jan. 10 , 1990 , ( i ) announcing a nationwide 16 per cent wage increase for workers in state enterprises , stating that this was within the [structure] of the economic recovery programme ; and ( ii ) stating that strikes might legally be called by trade union committees or mass meetings of workers but that notice should be given to both the employer and the ministry and that strike action should only be used as a last resort .

Five of the banks which had been expected to take part in the scheme , however , had on Dec. 20 , 1989 , announced that they would not be participating for commercial reasons , although the following day , John MacGregor , Secretary of State for Education and Science , had stated that the objectives , principles and framework of the scheme remained unchanged .
five of the banks which had been expected to take part in the scheme , however , had on dec. 20 , 1989 , announced that they would not be participating for commercial reasons , although the following day , john macgregor , secretary of state for education and science , had stated that the objectives , principles and [structure] of the scheme remained unchanged .

Timber framework is constructed on top of existing roof to give as much fall as possible .
timber [structure] is constructed on top of existing roof to give as much fall as possible .

This framework is then covered with 19mm .
this [structure] is then covered with 19mm .

Only after hunger and labour strikes had broken out throughout the country in early May did the government finally agree to enter into negotiations with the opposition ( under the framework of a Consultative Council ) to seek a consensus on draft reform legislation .
only after hunger and labour strikes had broken out throughout the country in early may did the government finally agree to enter into negotiations with the opposition ( under the [structure] of a consultative council ) to seek a consensus on draft reform legislation .

Lee 's offer followed a statement to Taiwan 's National Assembly on May 15 in which he had suggested that there should be dialogue within a `` one-China framework and on a government-to-government basis with the two sides having equal status `` .
lee 's offer followed a statement to taiwan 's national assembly on may 15 in which he had suggested that there should be dialogue within a `` one-china [structure] and on a government-to-government basis with the two sides having equal status `` .

He criticized `` irrational nationalistic blindness `` , and in a scarcely veiled attack on the introduction of multiparty systems in Slovenia and Croatia he complained that the process of drawing up a new federal constitution and a legal framework for democratization was being jeopardized by `` autonomous attempts `` at constitutional reform .
he criticized `` irrational nationalistic blindness `` , and in a scarcely veiled attack on the introduction of multiparty systems in slovenia and croatia he complained that the process of drawing up a new federal constitution and a legal [structure] for democratization was being jeopardized by `` autonomous attempts `` at constitutional reform .

The move came after Abessolo — recently returned to Gabon from 13 years in exile — declared that he would participate in national politics `` within the framework of the government majority `` to make use of President Bongo 's `` policy of openness and change `` [ see p. 37307 ] .
the move came after abessolo — recently returned to gabon from 13 years in exile — declared that he would participate in national politics `` within the [structure] of the government majority `` to make use of president bongo 's `` policy of openness and change `` [ see p. 37307 ] .

Submissions were presented by Canada on June 29 and by Switzerland and Japan on Sept. 26-27 , within the framework agreed in April .
submissions were presented by canada on june 29 and by switzerland and japan on sept. 26-27 , within the [structure] agreed in april .

However , on Aug. 11 , the day after the summit , he appeared on Tunisian television to condemn the deployment of foreign troops to Saudi Arabia and to call for the conflict to be confined to a `` purely Arab framework `` .
however , on aug. 11 , the day after the summit , he appeared on tunisian television to condemn the deployment of foreign troops to saudi arabia and to call for the conflict to be confined to a `` purely arab [structure] `` .

The plan aimed to cut the armed forces by 500,000 from the current level of 2,100,000 , to reduce overseas deployments and to establish a new organizational framework for the military .
the plan aimed to cut the armed forces by 500,000 from the current level of 2,100,000 , to reduce overseas deployments and to establish a new organizational [structure] for the military .

On March 30 , 1990 , the Bundestag approved a gene technology law which aimed to create a legal framework to regulate the area and remove the legal uncertainties that had existed before , including those resulting from the Hoechst case .
on march 30 , 1990 , the bundestag approved a gene technology law which aimed to create a legal [structure] to regulate the area and remove the legal uncertainties that had existed before , including those resulting from the hoechst case .

The Prime Minister 's undertaking to move swiftly to the market economy was given tangible form on July 20 , 1990 , in the presentation to parliament of bills to create the legal framework for such an economy and to turn the great majority of state-owned businesses into autonomous enterprises and companies with share capital .
the prime minister 's undertaking to move swiftly to the market economy was given tangible form on july 20 , 1990 , in the presentation to parliament of bills to create the legal [structure] for such an economy and to turn the great majority of state-owned businesses into autonomous enterprises and companies with share capital .

The Popular Front , he added , had gained acceptance as the authentic leadership body of the revolution and as the framework for consultations and the unifying force for all political and ideological organizations .
the popular front , he added , had gained acceptance as the authentic leadership body of the revolution and as the [structure] for consultations and the unifying force for all political and ideological organizations .

He also conceded that a legal framework could be established allowing officers to resign their commissions .
he also conceded that a legal [structure] could be established allowing officers to resign their commissions .

One way of doing this is to establish , within the whole group framework , small groups with common interests , which depend on each other .
one way of doing this is to establish , within the whole group [structure] , small groups with common interests , which depend on each other .

They impose a particular perspective on the period , albeit one that is often ignored , because it does not provide a narrative framework for understanding late Roman and early Merovingian history .
they impose a particular perspective on the period , albeit one that is often ignored , because it does not provide a narrative [structure] for understanding late roman and early merovingian history .

Such a framework is provided only by sources written towards the end of the sixth century , by the short chronicle of Marius of Avenches and , above all , by the Decem Libri Historiarum , or Ten Books of Histories , of Gregory of Tours .
such a [structure] is provided only by sources written towards the end of the sixth century , by the short chronicle of marius of avenches and , above all , by the decem libri historiarum , or ten books of histories , of gregory of tours .

In the first , the main features of the market are introduced ; the second and third focus on market structure and profitability more closely ; and the final section interprets behaviour in an industrial economics framework .
in the first , the main features of the market are introduced ; the second and third focus on market structure and profitability more closely ; and the final section interprets behaviour in an industrial economics [structure] .

It fostered the personal exploration of spirituality within the framework of the Church 's teaching that characterises late medieval English texts .
it fostered the personal exploration of spirituality within the [structure] of the church 's teaching that characterises late medieval english texts .

The instructions that John Thorseby , Archbishop of York , issued for the clergy in 1357 and which were on his instructions expounded by the Benedictine monk , John Gaytrick , in a vernacular version known as the Lay Folks ' Catechism , give insight into the framework of thought within which life was assimilated to , and ordered by , Christian belief — the groundwork of assumptions that mystical writers in the vernacular could take for granted .
the instructions that john thorseby , archbishop of york , issued for the clergy in 1357 and which were on his instructions expounded by the benedictine monk , john gaytrick , in a vernacular version known as the lay folks ' catechism , give insight into the [structure] of thought within which life was assimilated to , and ordered by , christian belief — the groundwork of assumptions that mystical writers in the vernacular could take for granted .

They provide the framework by which man enters into , and sustains to the end , his spiritual life in Christian belief both personally and socially .
they provide the [structure] by which man enters into , and sustains to the end , his spiritual life in christian belief both personally and socially .

In only one manuscript is the form of living related to the wider but familiar theological framework of the gift virtues .
in only one manuscript is the form of living related to the wider but familiar theological [structure] of the gift virtues .

At the beginning of Scale 2 , Hilton puts its subject in a conceptual framework which picks up and indirectly rehearses his teaching in Scale 1 .
at the beginning of scale 2 , hilton puts its subject in a conceptual [structure] which picks up and indirectly rehearses his teaching in scale 1 .

The scientists affirm as dogma that all existing men are members of one biological species , Homo sapiens , and all arguments about the significance or non-significance of racial variation in men are conducted within the framework established by that prior assumption .
the scientists affirm as dogma that all existing men are members of one biological species , homo sapiens , and all arguments about the significance or non-significance of racial variation in men are conducted within the [structure] established by that prior assumption .

In a framework of this kind the processes of history are necessarily viewed as a decline from a Golden Age .
in a [structure] of this kind the processes of history are necessarily viewed as a decline from a golden age .

But since the biologists operate within the quantitative framework of statistically based natural science , while the socio-cultural anthropologists mostly argue on the basis of intuition , communication between the two sides is very difficult .
but since the biologists operate within the quantitative [structure] of statistically based natural science , while the socio-cultural anthropologists mostly argue on the basis of intuition , communication between the two sides is very difficult .

Contemporary scientific orthodoxy still operates , for the most part , within this framework .
contemporary scientific orthodoxy still operates , for the most part , within this [structure] .

Many of the matters which are discussed within this framework are of the greatest importance for social anthropology .
many of the matters which are discussed within this [structure] are of the greatest importance for social anthropology .

Within this very general framework a number of variations may occur though the range of possibilities is not really very great .
within this very general [structure] a number of variations may occur though the range of possibilities is not really very great .

Marx and Engels recognized this interlocking equivalence right from the start though they confused the issue by trying to fit their argument into a social evolutionist framework . The following quotation comes from Engels ' Preface to the first ( 1884 ) edition of The Origin of the Family , which was a kind of rewrite , in precis , of Morgan 's Ancient Society ( 1877 ) :
marx and engels recognized this interlocking equivalence right from the start though they confused the issue by trying to fit their argument into a social evolutionist [structure] . the following quotation comes from engels ' preface to the first ( 1884 ) edition of the origin of the family , which was a kind of rewrite , in precis , of morgan 's ancient society ( 1877 ) :

It is this larger system , considered as a whole , which is functionally integrated and which was able to reproduce itself within a framework of legitimacy despite the absence on military service of many of the potential genitors of the children .
it is this larger system , considered as a whole , which is functionally integrated and which was able to reproduce itself within a [structure] of legitimacy despite the absence on military service of many of the potential genitors of the children .

Regulatory and statutory framework
regulatory and statutory [structure]

0202 Regulatory and statutory framework
0202 regulatory and statutory [structure]

0303.1 Framework
0303.1 [structure]

Regulatory framework
regulatory [structure]

0912 Regulatory framework
0912 regulatory [structure]

Then , they were braking to a skidding halt as the towering framework of the fire escape loomed up out of the mist .
then , they were braking to a skidding halt as the towering [structure] of the fire escape loomed up out of the mist .

The findings will be set in a temporal and continental framework — material from earlier and later time periods and also from French and German sources will be used for comparison purposes .
the findings will be set in a temporal and continental [structure] — material from earlier and later time periods and also from french and german sources will be used for comparison purposes .

Framework for assisting decision making in controlling radioactive waste
[structure] for assisting decision making in controlling radioactive waste

There has been very little attempt to produce an adequate framework for monitoring and evaluating such initiatives .
there has been very little attempt to produce an adequate [structure] for monitoring and evaluating such initiatives .

This involves a comparative survey of the legal framework which governs the implementation of and enforcement of policies affecting industry , with particular reference to competition policy , government aid to industry , and the protection of intellectual property .
this involves a comparative survey of the legal [structure] which governs the implementation of and enforcement of policies affecting industry , with particular reference to competition policy , government aid to industry , and the protection of intellectual property .

Later a series of more detailed studies are to examine the way in which particular sectors of industry have been affected by , and in turn have attempted to influence the regulatory framework .
later a series of more detailed studies are to examine the way in which particular sectors of industry have been affected by , and in turn have attempted to influence the regulatory [structure] .

In the process , the project should generate an appropriate framework for thinking about the provision of business support services which could in principle be applied to any locality .
in the process , the project should generate an appropriate [structure] for thinking about the provision of business support services which could in principle be applied to any locality .

The work is continuing with the development of a new framework for tax incidence , examining the concept of progressivity and investigating the factors which have changed the income distribution over the last 15 years .
the work is continuing with the development of a new [structure] for tax incidence , examining the concept of progressivity and investigating the factors which have changed the income distribution over the last 15 years .

Particular emphasis placed on the problems of regulating and supervising financial conglomerates within the existing national regulatory framework .
particular emphasis placed on the problems of regulating and supervising financial conglomerates within the existing national regulatory [structure] .

The study utilises a framework composed of four interrelated elements .
the study utilises a [structure] composed of four interrelated elements .

Drawing on this conceptual framework , the research would seek to identify the key issues in policy towards the taxation of energy , including those where significant spillovers would arise from the policy decisions of individual member states ( e.g. effects on intra-EC competition , and cross frontier environmental impacts ) and those where important , but largely domestic , considerations are involved ( e.g. ‘ efficient ’ commodity taxation , revenue and distributional effects ) .
drawing on this conceptual [structure] , the research would seek to identify the key issues in policy towards the taxation of energy , including those where significant spillovers would arise from the policy decisions of individual member states ( e.g. effects on intra-ec competition , and cross frontier environmental impacts ) and those where important , but largely domestic , considerations are involved ( e.g. ‘ efficient ’ commodity taxation , revenue and distributional effects ) .

To advance understanding of macroeconomic behaviour , using a consistent framework derived from economic theory and the best available techniques for estimation and hypothesis testing .
to advance understanding of macroeconomic behaviour , using a consistent [structure] derived from economic theory and the best available techniques for estimation and hypothesis testing .

Complete development , and estimation on annual data of a new ‘ supply-side ’ framework for the model .
complete development , and estimation on annual data of a new ‘ supply-side ’ [structure] for the model .

The third approach rejects the framework of one centralised decision maker and allows for the calculation of a dynamic non-regrettable Nash equilibrium for multiple agents with competing objectives .
the third approach rejects the [structure] of one centralised decision maker and allows for the calculation of a dynamic non-regrettable nash equilibrium for multiple agents with competing objectives .

The project will develop a framework for the estimation of investment which will permit the examination of substitution possibilities between capital and labour ( this implies simultaneous estimation of labour and capital goods demand ) .
the project will develop a [structure] for the estimation of investment which will permit the examination of substitution possibilities between capital and labour ( this implies simultaneous estimation of labour and capital goods demand ) .

The case studies will be written within a previously defined framework , which will include the definition of common measures of debt bargain and adjustment , provide an analytical context including relevant elements in economic and political science theory as well as suggest a hypothesis to be tested in relation to the differences in the terms obtained by different countries .
the case studies will be written within a previously defined [structure] , which will include the definition of common measures of debt bargain and adjustment , provide an analytical context including relevant elements in economic and political science theory as well as suggest a hypothesis to be tested in relation to the differences in the terms obtained by different countries .

Each side draws upon economic arguments to justify their actions but the conceptual framework is weak and there is little hard empirical evidence .
each side draws upon economic arguments to justify their actions but the conceptual [structure] is weak and there is little hard empirical evidence .

The employment , output and pricing decisions of firms will be derived within a consistent framework .
the employment , output and pricing decisions of firms will be derived within a consistent [structure] .

This programme will seek to develop a framework for economic modelling within which links between the decisions of individual agents ( firms , households , unions ) and the behaviour of the economy at an aggregate level are more clearly established than is usually the case .
this programme will seek to develop a [structure] for economic modelling within which links between the decisions of individual agents ( firms , households , unions ) and the behaviour of the economy at an aggregate level are more clearly established than is usually the case .

To provide a common framework for the disparate studies , the approach is oriented around corporate and technology strategy .
to provide a common [structure] for the disparate studies , the approach is oriented around corporate and technology strategy .

Also a logical framework of definitions for the terms used had been established which demonstrated the consistency of the source .
also a logical [structure] of definitions for the terms used had been established which demonstrated the consistency of the source .

Existing theories of the way in which the labour market for such occupations operate tend to be based within a static framework , concentrating upon contributions to current output rather than to the dynamic process of technological change and economic growth .
existing theories of the way in which the labour market for such occupations operate tend to be based within a static [structure] , concentrating upon contributions to current output rather than to the dynamic process of technological change and economic growth .

The purpose is to evaluate different strategies designed to achieve the appropriate dietary change within the framework of existing food production , processing and marketing industries .
the purpose is to evaluate different strategies designed to achieve the appropriate dietary change within the [structure] of existing food production , processing and marketing industries .

This project aims to integrate the treatment of national issues within a coherent framework or analysis of the world economy and Europe as a whole .
this project aims to integrate the treatment of national issues within a coherent [structure] or analysis of the world economy and europe as a whole .

In contrast the approach here is to embed aggregate supply as well as the determination of aggregate demand within a broadly neoclassical framework .
in contrast the approach here is to embed aggregate supply as well as the determination of aggregate demand within a broadly neoclassical [structure] .

Asset markets provide a convenient framework for testing many hypotheses about expectations formation .
asset markets provide a convenient [structure] for testing many hypotheses about expectations formation .

This theoretical framework opens up the possibility of analysing the process of technical change in a dynamic disequilibrium context and of integrating work in economics , management and technology .
this theoretical [structure] opens up the possibility of analysing the process of technical change in a dynamic disequilibrium context and of integrating work in economics , management and technology .

One report is a series of essays in a common framework by national experts ; and the second is a more detailed examination of public attitudes to technical change in Britain with comparative material on France , Germany and Japan .
one report is a series of essays in a common [structure] by national experts ; and the second is a more detailed examination of public attitudes to technical change in britain with comparative material on france , germany and japan .

the response to that behaviour , either within the framework of criminal prosecution of independent of it .
the response to that behaviour , either within the [structure] of criminal prosecution of independent of it .

Sperber and Wilson 's Relevance Theory offers a suitable framework for the pragmatic component .
sperber and wilson 's relevance theory offers a suitable [structure] for the pragmatic component .

Finally , the research will attempt to develop a theoretical framework for analysing the racialisation of urban politics that could be used to understand the process of urban political change in other cities .
finally , the research will attempt to develop a theoretical [structure] for analysing the racialisation of urban politics that could be used to understand the process of urban political change in other cities .

This will involve the integration of research in different disciplinary fields , and will draw on existing work , such as the study of health beliefs , to establish a theoretical framework for the understandings of social perceptions of pain .
this will involve the integration of research in different disciplinary fields , and will draw on existing work , such as the study of health beliefs , to establish a theoretical [structure] for the understandings of social perceptions of pain .

The project arises out of the 1984 Montgomery Report 's recommendation for research into the viability of the Gaelic language and the institutional framework of public policy-making affecting prospects for its maintenance .
the project arises out of the 1984 montgomery report 's recommendation for research into the viability of the gaelic language and the institutional [structure] of public policy-making affecting prospects for its maintenance .

The theoretical framework of the research is interdisciplinary , drawing for example on sociological models of community , represented by such people as Bulmer , and the psychological notion of ‘ social representations ’ proposed by academics like Moscovici and Farr .
the theoretical [structure] of the research is interdisciplinary , drawing for example on sociological models of community , represented by such people as bulmer , and the psychological notion of ‘ social representations ’ proposed by academics like moscovici and farr .

Framework for understanding public interpretations of science and technology
[structure] for understanding public interpretations of science and technology

The research investigates the investment made by the public sector in leisure , the limits to public sector involvement in leisure , and the development of the framework within which the various public bodies operate .
the research investigates the investment made by the public sector in leisure , the limits to public sector involvement in leisure , and the development of the [structure] within which the various public bodies operate .

Our main conceptual framework in the first part of the research is one which builds upon a dual understanding of marriage as both relationship and institution .
our main conceptual [structure] in the first part of the research is one which builds upon a dual understanding of marriage as both relationship and institution .

Accordingly , we shall try to establish a framework for exploring ideas about marriage , locating these and the direct experiences of those involved in a detailed historical context which takes account of the interrelationships between the public and the private .
accordingly , we shall try to establish a [structure] for exploring ideas about marriage , locating these and the direct experiences of those involved in a detailed historical context which takes account of the interrelationships between the public and the private .

These ‘ speech levels ’ are also used as a polite framework to communicate further subtleties of meaning .
these ‘ speech levels ’ are also used as a polite [structure] to communicate further subtleties of meaning .

It will try to identify what the key moments of commitment/disengagement are , when , and to whom , school offers self-fulfilment and when it operates denial ; whether patterns of differentiation persist within the national framework of ‘ entitlement ’ and equality of opportunity .
it will try to identify what the key moments of commitment/disengagement are , when , and to whom , school offers self-fulfilment and when it operates denial ; whether patterns of differentiation persist within the national [structure] of ‘ entitlement ’ and equality of opportunity .

This project aims to develop a framework with which a set of techniques for systematically assessing quality in Higher Education can be tested .
this project aims to develop a [structure] with which a set of techniques for systematically assessing quality in higher education can be tested .

Here landscape regions were identified which permitted an investigation to be made of the social and economic effects of land ) use patterns , and which allowed the territorial organisation of the period to be set within its geographical framework .
here landscape regions were identified which permitted an investigation to be made of the social and economic effects of land ) use patterns , and which allowed the territorial organisation of the period to be set within its geographical [structure] .

development of an evaluation framework
development of an evaluation [structure]

Legislation and case law provides the framework within which negotiation is carried forward , but it the process of bargaining and settlement-seeking with which the researchers are primarily concerned .
legislation and case law provides the [structure] within which negotiation is carried forward , but it the process of bargaining and settlement-seeking with which the researchers are primarily concerned .

Formerly the universities were granted considerable day-to-day autonomy within a legal framework shaped byu the state .
formerly the universities were granted considerable day-to-day autonomy within a legal [structure] shaped byu the state .

Research into technological innovation has generally assumed that although shifts have occurred they have been within a stable organisational framework .
research into technological innovation has generally assumed that although shifts have occurred they have been within a stable organisational [structure] .

Until this issue is resolved , efforts will be wasted as different agencies fail to operate in an agreed framework and , unintentionally , the value of different efforts will be diminished .
until this issue is resolved , efforts will be wasted as different agencies fail to operate in an agreed [structure] and , unintentionally , the value of different efforts will be diminished .

It sets out , for the first time , a framework for achieving that situation and outlines the resources , both human and financial , which will be needed .
it sets out , for the first time , a [structure] for achieving that situation and outlines the resources , both human and financial , which will be needed .

The aims of the proposed research project are , first , to test the adequacy of democratic theory in relation to trends toward ‘ globalisation ’ — the growth of complex interconnections and interrelations between states and societies — and , second , to develop a new framework for democratic thought which can perhaps more satisfactorily articulate the relation between national and international conditions and processes .
the aims of the proposed research project are , first , to test the adequacy of democratic theory in relation to trends toward ‘ globalisation ’ — the growth of complex interconnections and interrelations between states and societies — and , second , to develop a new [structure] for democratic thought which can perhaps more satisfactorily articulate the relation between national and international conditions and processes .

to examine the literature on the politics and institutional arrangements of the United Kingdom since the Act of Union with Scotland , the language and Churches question in Wales and through the Irish Question , to establish in one framework both integrative and disintegrative factors ;
to examine the literature on the politics and institutional arrangements of the united kingdom since the act of union with scotland , the language and churches question in wales and through the irish question , to establish in one [structure] both integrative and disintegrative factors ;

The United Nations Conference on Environment and Development in Rio in June 1992 will celebrate the first steps towards a comprehensive international framework of agreements allowing developed and undeveloped countries to control the impact of global environmental change .
the united nations conference on environment and development in rio in june 1992 will celebrate the first steps towards a comprehensive international [structure] of agreements allowing developed and undeveloped countries to control the impact of global environmental change .

The object of the research is to edit and prepare for publication two of Jeremy Bentham 's major works on constitutional government as a sub-project within the framework of the new edition of the Collected Works .
the object of the research is to edit and prepare for publication two of jeremy bentham 's major works on constitutional government as a sub-project within the [structure] of the new edition of the collected works .

The research programme examines the main institutions and agencies , and focuses on questions such as the means by which industry seeks to influence government and vice versa ; the regulatory framework which affects behaviour ; the financial transactions between the two parties ; the representation between unions and business and government agencies and the forums in which they take place .
the research programme examines the main institutions and agencies , and focuses on questions such as the means by which industry seeks to influence government and vice versa ; the regulatory [structure] which affects behaviour ; the financial transactions between the two parties ; the representation between unions and business and government agencies and the forums in which they take place .

Above her the metal framework of the roof made an unbroken tracery of lines against the grey sky , but many of the panes were cracked or broken , or entirely missing .
above her the metal [structure] of the roof made an unbroken tracery of lines against the grey sky , but many of the panes were cracked or broken , or entirely missing .

But for the framework , she no more feared nor doubted it than she did the position of the stars in the sky .
but for the [structure] , she no more feared nor doubted it than she did the position of the stars in the sky .

After the poor chapter on ‘ The Legal Framework ’ , there are sections on company law , corporate taxation , competition policy , patent law and insurance , with an impressive list of contributors .
after the poor chapter on ‘ the legal [structure] ’ , there are sections on company law , corporate taxation , competition policy , patent law and insurance , with an impressive list of contributors .

Within the framework of the Garden 's overall statutory objectives , information policies will help us to decide on resource allocation , improve the way we communicate with each other and with our ‘ users ’ , and provide feedback to Management and the Trustees on the way our resources are being used .
within the [structure] of the garden 's overall statutory objectives , information policies will help us to decide on resource allocation , improve the way we communicate with each other and with our ‘ users ’ , and provide feedback to management and the trustees on the way our resources are being used .

It is important to emphasize that the discussion thus far has been developed , and the above conclusions have been reached , within the framework of the traditional account , which rests upon certain crucial assumptions common not only to the writers connected with the traditional account but to certain others not connected with the tradition as well .
it is important to emphasize that the discussion thus far has been developed , and the above conclusions have been reached , within the [structure] of the traditional account , which rests upon certain crucial assumptions common not only to the writers connected with the traditional account but to certain others not connected with the tradition as well .

As well as recording , developing and applying new processing facilities , such as graphics or word processing , within the framework of the personnel information system , the Group Personnel Information Services Department has a responsibility to advise on and co-ordinate developments to the Payroll/Personnel database itself .
as well as recording , developing and applying new processing facilities , such as graphics or word processing , within the [structure] of the personnel information system , the group personnel information services department has a responsibility to advise on and co-ordinate developments to the payroll/personnel database itself .

An understanding of the internal morphology and structural complexity of the small towns forms a vital framework upon which more detailed spatial , functional and developmental analyses can be built .
an understanding of the internal morphology and structural complexity of the small towns forms a vital [structure] upon which more detailed spatial , functional and developmental analyses can be built .

These are well represented at Godmanchester , the first-century examples being generally rectangular cottages with a framework of vertical posts surrounding an earth floor .
these are well represented at godmanchester , the first-century examples being generally rectangular cottages with a [structure] of vertical posts surrounding an earth floor .

Traces of another such planned framework of uncertain date may also exist at Wanborough .
traces of another such planned [structure] of uncertain date may also exist at wanborough .

Within this broad framework , excavation has documented interesting morphological trends both in the central area and the suburbs .
within this broad [structure] , excavation has documented interesting morphological trends both in the central area and the suburbs .

Subsequent phases saw the amalgamation and redivision of these enclosures , presumably as ownership or tenurial arrangements changed , but the framework , once established , remained remarkably consistent over time , as the layout of the late inhumations attests .
subsequent phases saw the amalgamation and redivision of these enclosures , presumably as ownership or tenurial arrangements changed , but the [structure] , once established , remained remarkably consistent over time , as the layout of the late inhumations attests .

Even so , the retention of the existing framework in the burial alignment suggests continuity within an essentially Roman context .
even so , the retention of the existing [structure] in the burial alignment suggests continuity within an essentially roman context .

Within that framework , the government 's objective for public spending is to hold its rate of growth at some 1.25 % per annum below the growth of the economy as a whole and thus to reduce public spending as a proportion of National Income ( see Fig .
within that [structure] , the government 's objective for public spending is to hold its rate of growth at some 1.25 % per annum below the growth of the economy as a whole and thus to reduce public spending as a proportion of national income ( see fig .

Previously the framework had been rather piecemeal , with departments presenting separate estimates at different periods of the year .
previously the [structure] had been rather piecemeal , with departments presenting separate estimates at different periods of the year .

His organizational talent , his ability to provide a framework within which the magazine and its designers and writers could operate , was to become central to the magazine .
his organizational talent , his ability to provide a [structure] within which the magazine and its designers and writers could operate , was to become central to the magazine .

‘ Clients come to you with an objective and the solicitor 's contribution is to help to achieve this objective within the legal framework .
‘ clients come to you with an objective and the solicitor 's contribution is to help to achieve this objective within the legal [structure] .

Others are of a more general nature , such as all forms of property transactions , employment , contracts , finance , and the whole intricate framework of local democracy itself .
others are of a more general nature , such as all forms of property transactions , employment , contracts , finance , and the whole intricate [structure] of local democracy itself .

Such solutions must provide proper safeguards to protect the rights and interests of patients , their families and carers , while setting the framework for the provision of adequate and appropriate care .
such solutions must provide proper safeguards to protect the rights and interests of patients , their families and carers , while setting the [structure] for the provision of adequate and appropriate care .

They also establish a framework for communications between the two .
they also establish a [structure] for communications between the two .

The purpose of the Act is to ‘ establish a framework for the provision of advice , assistance and representation which is publicly funded with a view to helping persons who might otherwise be unable to obtain advice , assistance or representation on account of their means ’ .
the purpose of the act is to ‘ establish a [structure] for the provision of advice , assistance and representation which is publicly funded with a view to helping persons who might otherwise be unable to obtain advice , assistance or representation on account of their means ’ .

His light eyes mirrored anger in the hard framework of his face .
his light eyes mirrored anger in the hard [structure] of his face .

Such is the bread and butter of art history , the framework of precise historical knowledge without which interpretation can not be securely founded .
such is the bread and butter of art history , the [structure] of precise historical knowledge without which interpretation can not be securely founded .

Yet we also need to see that for middle class European women , struggling to use a momentary opening in the cultural framework of pre-Revolutionary Europe to claim some access to the intellectual professions , these unsavoury conditions were the very means of their access to both art and social acknowledgement .
yet we also need to see that for middle class european women , struggling to use a momentary opening in the cultural [structure] of pre-revolutionary europe to claim some access to the intellectual professions , these unsavoury conditions were the very means of their access to both art and social acknowledgement .

Before providing a framework within which to see the information industry , we can get some sense of scale by comparing the size of the electronic media markets with print-on-paper markets .
before providing a [structure] within which to see the information industry , we can get some sense of scale by comparing the size of the electronic media markets with print-on-paper markets .

What are the main electronic media in the current information industry ? There are many ways of seeing the same picture and what follows is offered as a useful framework rather than any kind of definitive blueprint .
what are the main electronic media in the current information industry ? there are many ways of seeing the same picture and what follows is offered as a useful [structure] rather than any kind of definitive blueprint .

However , it is important before examining any of the sectors to emphasise that the framework suggested contains some important overlaps .
however , it is important before examining any of the sectors to emphasise that the [structure] suggested contains some important overlaps .

The over-riding framework for all this activity is the utilisation of technology-based open and distance learning .
the over-riding [structure] for all this activity is the utilisation of technology-based open and distance learning .

Framework budget finds its level
[structure] budget finds its level

In particular , the Framework budget is divided into seven categories ; information and communications technologies , 36 per cent ; energy , 23 per cent ; industrial technology , 16.5 per cent ; life sciences , 12 per cent ; environmental research , 9 per cent ; a European transportation policy , 2.5 per cent ; and socio-economic research , 1 per cent .
in particular , the [structure] budget is divided into seven categories ; information and communications technologies , 36 per cent ; energy , 23 per cent ; industrial technology , 16.5 per cent ; life sciences , 12 per cent ; environmental research , 9 per cent ; a european transportation policy , 2.5 per cent ; and socio-economic research , 1 per cent .

The European Commission , which is responsible for formulating the proposal in line with the views of the council of ministers , was criticized for the repeated delays in the adoption of the third Framework programme and hopes to stick to the intricate timetable for approval of the new programme , which must be accepted at three levels .
the european commission , which is responsible for formulating the proposal in line with the views of the council of ministers , was criticized for the repeated delays in the adoption of the third [structure] programme and hopes to stick to the intricate timetable for approval of the new programme , which must be accepted at three levels .

This presents a problem of interpretation within the framework of regular solution theory , as the accepted form of χ 1 predicts a monotonic change with temperature and is incapable of dealing with two critical consolute points .
this presents a problem of interpretation within the [structure] of regular solution theory , as the accepted form of χ 1 predicts a monotonic change with temperature and is incapable of dealing with two critical consolute points .

The problem of how to accommodate , in a theoretical framework , the existence of two miscibility gaps requires a new approach , and a more elaborate treatment by Prigogine and co-workers encompasses the difference in size between the components of a mixture , which can not be ignored for polymer solutions .
the problem of how to accommodate , in a theoretical [structure] , the existence of two miscibility gaps requires a new approach , and a more elaborate treatment by prigogine and co-workers encompasses the difference in size between the components of a mixture , which can not be ignored for polymer solutions .

We shall now turn to the material resources — petroleum , financial assets , military hardware and its framework — available to the two belligerents at the outbreak of war .
we shall now turn to the material resources — petroleum , financial assets , military hardware and its [structure] — available to the two belligerents at the outbreak of war .

After the merger the name of the Institute and the general framework of its structure and examinations will remain unchanged , but its life and work will be enlarged by the accession of new members at all levels , from students to Council members .
after the merger the name of the institute and the general [structure] of its structure and examinations will remain unchanged , but its life and work will be enlarged by the accession of new members at all levels , from students to council members .

The whole church is based on a skeleton framework , the supporting roof poles are placed on top of the intersecting ground sills and there are cross beams on top of the poles .
the whole church is based on a skeleton [structure] , the supporting roof poles are placed on top of the intersecting ground sills and there are cross beams on top of the poles .

The Gothic vault is a framework of stone ribs which support thin stone panels filled in later over the centering .
the gothic vault is a [structure] of stone ribs which support thin stone panels filled in later over the centering .

The overall conceptual framework is again that of the biotic ‘ struggle ’ for existence , the key result being the creation of distinct , ‘ natural ’ areas .
the overall conceptual [structure] is again that of the biotic ‘ struggle ’ for existence , the key result being the creation of distinct , ‘ natural ’ areas .

Within this framework four particular themes stand out .
within this [structure] four particular themes stand out .

Massey , in her work on ‘ spatial divisions of labour ’ in the British case , offers a similar conceptual framework .
massey , in her work on ‘ spatial divisions of labour ’ in the british case , offers a similar conceptual [structure] .

As we have discussed , there is now available a conceptual framework for adequately understanding the changing nature of contemporary civil society .
as we have discussed , there is now available a conceptual [structure] for adequately understanding the changing nature of contemporary civil society .

's framework as a means of explaining postmodern culture .
's [structure] as a means of explaining postmodern culture .

It remains , however , to place their work within a systematic and more general framework .
it remains , however , to place their work within a systematic and more general [structure] .

This can be achieved by once more turning to the conceptual framework we have borrowed from Harré et al .
this can be achieved by once more turning to the conceptual [structure] we have borrowed from harré et al .

The conceptual framework developed in Chapter 1 shows how such an understanding would allow us systematically to understand civil society as perceived and appreciated by persons engaged in it .
the conceptual [structure] developed in chapter 1 shows how such an understanding would allow us systematically to understand civil society as perceived and appreciated by persons engaged in it .

Given this conceptual framework , it is surely misleading to dub nationalism as simply ‘ ideological ’ .
given this conceptual [structure] , it is surely misleading to dub nationalism as simply ‘ ideological ’ .

The problem is , however , that his Marxist conceptual framework leaves him describing this sphere as ‘ ideology ’ or ‘ hegemony ’ .
the problem is , however , that his marxist conceptual [structure] leaves him describing this sphere as ‘ ideology ’ or ‘ hegemony ’ .

can not help him out because they too are caught in the same conceptual framework .
can not help him out because they too are caught in the same conceptual [structure] .

The clearest way forward is to break out of the restrictive conceptual framework within which both Hall and Jessop et al .
the clearest way forward is to break out of the restrictive conceptual [structure] within which both hall and jessop et al .

As regards the latter , Rose has recently adopted a Freudian interpretation of the repeated re-election of Margaret Thatcher , one which seems in line with the framework we are adopting .
as regards the latter , rose has recently adopted a freudian interpretation of the repeated re-election of margaret thatcher , one which seems in line with the [structure] we are adopting .

Bugging to the hatter , cabbage to the tailor , blue-pigeon flying to the plumbers and glaziers , chippings to shipwrights , sweepings to porters , red sail docking to navy yard workers , flints and thrums to weavers , vails to servants , privileges to west country clothiers , bontages to Scottish agricultural workers , scrapings and naxers to coopers , wastages to framework knitters , in all these the eighteenth-century labourer appropriated a part of his product or a part of the material of his labour .
bugging to the hatter , cabbage to the tailor , blue-pigeon flying to the plumbers and glaziers , chippings to shipwrights , sweepings to porters , red sail docking to navy yard workers , flints and thrums to weavers , vails to servants , privileges to west country clothiers , bontages to scottish agricultural workers , scrapings and naxers to coopers , wastages to [structure] knitters , in all these the eighteenth-century labourer appropriated a part of his product or a part of the material of his labour .

Forty years later William Hutton , who had once himself been a framework knitter , wrote that manufactures tended to decay when `` plenty preponderates `` , for a man who could support his family on three days ' labour would not work six .
forty years later william hutton , who had once himself been a [structure] knitter , wrote that manufactures tended to decay when `` plenty preponderates `` , for a man who could support his family on three days ' labour would not work six .

William Hutton , apprenticed as a framework knitter , remembered great hunger , and in his case the mistress was his aunt .
william hutton , apprenticed as a [structure] knitter , remembered great hunger , and in his case the mistress was his aunt .

William Hutton was one of the few who worked in both factory and cottage as a child , for he was first employed in a silk mill in Derby before becoming apprenticed to his framework knitter uncle .
william hutton was one of the few who worked in both factory and cottage as a child , for he was first employed in a silk mill in derby before becoming apprenticed to his [structure] knitter uncle .

He had by this time been child factory worker , apprentice framework knitter and short-term seaman , so his reaction is significant .
he had by this time been child factory worker , apprentice [structure] knitter and short-term seaman , so his reaction is significant .

The framework knitters enjoyed such a time between 1755 and 1785 , continuing to some extent to 1804 , and William Radcliffe described such an age for cotton hand-loom weavers from 1788 to 1803 .
the [structure] knitters enjoyed such a time between 1755 and 1785 , continuing to some extent to 1804 , and william radcliffe described such an age for cotton hand-loom weavers from 1788 to 1803 .

The background provides the framework ; get this right and the rest will follow .
the background provides the [structure] ; get this right and the rest will follow .

Once people have got the framework of a room together — the walls , floor , ceiling , windows , lighting and furnishings — they often run out of ideas for what to do with smaller objects and any family treasures they possess .
once people have got the [structure] of a room together — the walls , floor , ceiling , windows , lighting and furnishings — they often run out of ideas for what to do with smaller objects and any family treasures they possess .

Only when you have made your plans , decided on your work sequence , bought your appliances and thought about the style of room you would like to create , can you focus on the treatment of the rest : the framework of walls , floor , window and ceiling as well as the sort of tiles , splashback and worktop you would like .
only when you have made your plans , decided on your work sequence , bought your appliances and thought about the style of room you would like to create , can you focus on the treatment of the rest : the [structure] of walls , floor , window and ceiling as well as the sort of tiles , splashback and worktop you would like .

In short what you should aim to create in a dining room is a special atmosphere within a very practical framework , so when you 've provided for the basics you can add to the mood with window treatments , interesting lighting and decorative tricks to make the room as comfortable , as functional and as good looking as you can .
in short what you should aim to create in a dining room is a special atmosphere within a very practical [structure] , so when you 've provided for the basics you can add to the mood with window treatments , interesting lighting and decorative tricks to make the room as comfortable , as functional and as good looking as you can .

The table setting-china , glass , cutlery , linen-is as much a part of dining room decoration as the furniture and framework .
the table setting-china , glass , cutlery , linen-is as much a part of dining room decoration as the furniture and [structure] .

Then , to complete a theoretical framework for the objectives described in the introductory chapter , some of the relevant literature on reflectance and fluorescence measurement will be discussed .
then , to complete a theoretical [structure] for the objectives described in the introductory chapter , some of the relevant literature on reflectance and fluorescence measurement will be discussed .

2.2.3.1 . Grammatical Framework
2.2.3.1 . grammatical [structure]

3.2.1 . Grammatical Framework
3.2.1 . grammatical [structure]

She dragged the bicycle from the shed , placed the bag and the towelling , a little insecurely , in the basket at the front and somehow managed to throw her leg , encumbered by her heavy skirts , over the high framework , so different from the shape of the one on which Papa had taught her to ride .
she dragged the bicycle from the shed , placed the bag and the towelling , a little insecurely , in the basket at the front and somehow managed to throw her leg , encumbered by her heavy skirts , over the high [structure] , so different from the shape of the one on which papa had taught her to ride .

He demonstrates instead the extent to which oral and literate forms of language complement each other : ‘ The development of writing takes place within an oral framework of thought and this may continue to dominate the uses of literacy ’ .
he demonstrates instead the extent to which oral and literate forms of language complement each other : ‘ the development of writing takes place within an oral [structure] of thought and this may continue to dominate the uses of literacy ’ .

The bodily expression of inner distress needs a framework of bonds between people if it is to have any meaning .
the bodily expression of inner distress needs a [structure] of bonds between people if it is to have any meaning .

It should be in the form not of a ‘ plan of action ’ but rather of a manifesto , which provides the framework of a sustained commitment to , and implementation of , development goals and their operational components , and embodies institutional mechanisms for continuous negotiation , monitoring , appraisal , criticism and modification .
it should be in the form not of a ‘ plan of action ’ but rather of a manifesto , which provides the [structure] of a sustained commitment to , and implementation of , development goals and their operational components , and embodies institutional mechanisms for continuous negotiation , monitoring , appraisal , criticism and modification .

Through the Children Act 1989 and its associated regulations and guidance , the Government have ensured that a much more effective framework for controlling children 's homes is now in position .
through the children act 1989 and its associated regulations and guidance , the government have ensured that a much more effective [structure] for controlling children 's homes is now in position .

This new framework is both endorsed and supplemented by the Utting report of last August .
this new [structure] is both endorsed and supplemented by the utting report of last august .

Does the Minister not recognise the dangers of fragmenting the health service and destroying the planning framework ; the cost of ever-increasing bureaucracy ; the reduction in choice for the doctor ; the fear that this is a road that leads to a two-tier system in which money comes first and the Health Service is relegated to a safety-net , fallback provision ?
does the minister not recognise the dangers of fragmenting the health service and destroying the planning [structure] ; the cost of ever-increasing bureaucracy ; the reduction in choice for the doctor ; the fear that this is a road that leads to a two-tier system in which money comes first and the health service is relegated to a safety-net , fallback provision ?

The Government must establish the constitutional framework for stable and decentralised government .
the government must establish the constitutional [structure] for stable and decentralised government .

Regional government has provided the framework for other European countries to develop the entrepreneurial atmosphere and spirit that are necessary for the development of small and medium-sized businesses .
regional government has provided the [structure] for other european countries to develop the entrepreneurial atmosphere and spirit that are necessary for the development of small and medium-sized businesses .

The treaty creates a new legal framework for co-operation between member states in foreign and security policy and in the fight against international crime .
the treaty creates a new legal [structure] for co-operation between member states in foreign and security policy and in the fight against international crime .

On defence , we have agreed a framework for co-operation in which the primacy of the Atlantic alliance has been confirmed and the role of the Western European Union has been enhanced .
on defence , we have agreed a [structure] for co-operation in which the primacy of the atlantic alliance has been confirmed and the role of the western european union has been enhanced .

The Act set controls in advance of much of Europe 's , which were reflected in the Community 's own waste management framework directive in 1975 .
the act set controls in advance of much of europe 's , which were reflected in the community 's own waste management [structure] directive in 1975 .

There is no doubt that Britain does lead , in the sense that it is the only country with a comprehensive framework of race relations law .
there is no doubt that britain does lead , in the sense that it is the only country with a comprehensive [structure] of race relations law .

It will be helpful to set them in the context of the legislative framework which we have applied for many years .
it will be helpful to set them in the context of the legislative [structure] which we have applied for many years .

Development plans drawn up with public consultation provide an important framework .
development plans drawn up with public consultation provide an important [structure] .

That power is given in clauses 1 and 2 and the regulatory framework is outlined in the accompanying schedules .
that power is given in clauses 1 and 2 and the regulatory [structure] is outlined in the accompanying schedules .

The Engineering Employers Federation says that its members ’ strongly support the Government 's objective of providing a balanced and effective framework of trade union and industrial relations law ’ and that ’ the step by step approach has been seen by all to have worked successfully and it is right that it should continue . ’
the engineering employers federation says that its members ’ strongly support the government 's objective of providing a balanced and effective [structure] of trade union and industrial relations law ’ and that ’ the step by step approach has been seen by all to have worked successfully and it is right that it should continue . ’

We must provide a framework for an enduring safety regime for the offshore industry .
we must provide a [structure] for an enduring safety regime for the offshore industry .

It remains our objective to transfer substantial power and responsibility to locally elected politicians on a widely acceptable basis within a framework of stable relationships .
it remains our objective to transfer substantial power and responsibility to locally elected politicians on a widely acceptable basis within a [structure] of stable relationships .

With the tragedy that is Cyprus today and the role that we have as a guarantor power , will my right hon. Friend confirm that he is prepared to use the framework of the Western European Union to press for an acceptable solution — acceptable to all sides in Cyprus ? Will he bear in mind in particular that many Greek Cypriots are concerned about the Turkish guarantee that overhangs all the proceedings ?
with the tragedy that is cyprus today and the role that we have as a guarantor power , will my right hon. friend confirm that he is prepared to use the [structure] of the western european union to press for an acceptable solution — acceptable to all sides in cyprus ? will he bear in mind in particular that many greek cypriots are concerned about the turkish guarantee that overhangs all the proceedings ?

It is the Government 's job to provide a stable framework and reduce inflation .
it is the government 's job to provide a stable [structure] and reduce inflation .

British exporters have been extremely successful and that is because the Government have provided them with the right framework for success .
british exporters have been extremely successful and that is because the government have provided them with the right [structure] for success .

Among the major improvements , The Education Act 1981 provided a coherent framework for identifying and assessing children with special educational needs .
among the major improvements , the education act 1981 provided a coherent [structure] for identifying and assessing children with special educational needs .

The introduction of the national curriculum and schemes for the local management of schools will build on that framework and bring about further improvements in provision for such children , not just in primary schools but throughout the state system .
the introduction of the national curriculum and schemes for the local management of schools will build on that [structure] and bring about further improvements in provision for such children , not just in primary schools but throughout the state system .

The Government can best help industry — including the machine tool industry — by providing a stable economic framework and low inflation .
the government can best help industry — including the machine tool industry — by providing a stable economic [structure] and low inflation .

We have in place a framework that will ensure that this country is uniquely advantaged to make the most of the opportunities that will become available in the 1990s .
we have in place a [structure] that will ensure that this country is uniquely advantaged to make the most of the opportunities that will become available in the 1990s .

The new framework for higher education will require funding for basic and strategic research in each subject to be allocated selectively to high-quality departments .
the new [structure] for higher education will require funding for basic and strategic research in each subject to be allocated selectively to high-quality departments .

The Government 's main role is to ensure a sound and stable economic framework within which enterprise can flourish and the battle against inflation can be won .
the government 's main role is to ensure a sound and stable economic [structure] within which enterprise can flourish and the battle against inflation can be won .

That was because we had a sensible framework of industrial relations laws .
that was because we had a sensible [structure] of industrial relations laws .

The success of British industry in exporting last year was also attributable to having the right framework for taxation , which encourages and rewards enterprise on the part of both individuals and companies .
the success of british industry in exporting last year was also attributable to having the right [structure] for taxation , which encourages and rewards enterprise on the part of both individuals and companies .

Will my hon. Friend accept my thanks for the helpful way in which he dealt with my representations on this subject ? Does he accept that it is largely due to the regulatory framework that he has put in place that the activities of , for example , the Aylesbury Group have now been accepted for the investors compensation scheme ? Will he also impress upon the building societies involved that they have a duty and an obligation to ensure that people are not evicted from their homes until the compensation scheme can take effect ?
will my hon. friend accept my thanks for the helpful way in which he dealt with my representations on this subject ? does he accept that it is largely due to the regulatory [structure] that he has put in place that the activities of , for example , the aylesbury group have now been accepted for the investors compensation scheme ? will he also impress upon the building societies involved that they have a duty and an obligation to ensure that people are not evicted from their homes until the compensation scheme can take effect ?

My Lords and Members of the House of Commons My Government will pursue , within the framework of the Exchange Rate Mechanism , firm financial policies designed to reduce inflation further and maintain the conditions necessary for sustained growth .
my lords and members of the house of commons my government will pursue , within the [structure] of the exchange rate mechanism , firm financial policies designed to reduce inflation further and maintain the conditions necessary for sustained growth .

We must strive to create the economic framework in which record numbers of jobs will once again become available .
we must strive to create the economic [structure] in which record numbers of jobs will once again become available .

What is the point of maintaining a proper legal framework for trade unions if law-breaking unions can not be properly punished by the courts ?
what is the point of maintaining a proper legal [structure] for trade unions if law-breaking unions can not be properly punished by the courts ?

What is the point of a legal framework if companies can not get a court injunction to stop illegal strike action ?
what is the point of a legal [structure] if companies can not get a court injunction to stop illegal strike action ?

Many such policies have to be enshrined in a legal framework to ensure that employers implement them .
many such policies have to be enshrined in a legal [structure] to ensure that employers implement them .

Instead of providing a legal framework , the Government have blocked the legislation that is on offer to them .
instead of providing a legal [structure] , the government have blocked the legislation that is on offer to them .

The county councils are concerned with whether the proposals are consistent with their structure plans , which provide the framework for development in the area .
the county councils are concerned with whether the proposals are consistent with their structure plans , which provide the [structure] for development in the area .

It provides the framework for a negotiated settlement .
it provides the [structure] for a negotiated settlement .

But they establish the framework within which peace could be created if the parties wished to stop the fighting .
but they establish the [structure] within which peace could be created if the parties wished to stop the fighting .

The citizens charter is not only a programme of new suggestions ; it is a framework under which we can produce further suggestions ourselves .
the citizens charter is not only a programme of new suggestions ; it is a [structure] under which we can produce further suggestions ourselves .

It is important to underline the role of access and progression within the proposed framework .
it is important to underline the role of access and progression within the proposed [structure] .

Within the national funding framework , it is for each local education authority to set its own education budget , and to decide how to allocate it between the various elements of the service , including discretionary awards .
within the national funding [structure] , it is for each local education authority to set its own education budget , and to decide how to allocate it between the various elements of the service , including discretionary awards .

There is also provision for the necessary framework to enable the barrage to be operated in an appropriate manner with regard to water quality , flooding , the protection of fish , and for the management of the lake so created .
there is also provision for the necessary [structure] to enable the barrage to be operated in an appropriate manner with regard to water quality , flooding , the protection of fish , and for the management of the lake so created .

This extract from English for ages 5 to 16 : Proposals of the Secretary of State for Education and Science published by the British government in 1989 as a consultative paper for the planned National Curriculum in England and Wales is an appropriate place to begin a consideration of the institutional framework in which we study Renaissance literature .
this extract from english for ages 5 to 16 : proposals of the secretary of state for education and science published by the british government in 1989 as a consultative paper for the planned national curriculum in england and wales is an appropriate place to begin a consideration of the institutional [structure] in which we study renaissance literature .

Spenser is thinking of a class of person within a distinctive social framework .
spenser is thinking of a class of person within a distinctive social [structure] .

Writers within a high culture framework self-consciously employ a literary past to create a distinctive contemporary utterance of their own .
writers within a high culture [structure] self-consciously employ a literary past to create a distinctive contemporary utterance of their own .

But if our interests are increasingly focused on different types of expression across a wide social framework , for instance if we are concerned to pursue the dissemination of vernacular innovation across the whole social spectrum , then our previous canons will prove inadequate .
but if our interests are increasingly focused on different types of expression across a wide social [structure] , for instance if we are concerned to pursue the dissemination of vernacular innovation across the whole social spectrum , then our previous canons will prove inadequate .

Similarly , Marshall Sahlins 's work on the Hawaiian islanders in his Islands of History , though far more acutely aware of contending multiple narratives trying to ascribe different significances to the same happenings , is also organised so that it allows Sahlins to present a narrative wherein conflicting stories/histories are mapped out in a framework which explores these histories ' interpenetrations , their assimilations of each other rather than their refusals of each other .
similarly , marshall sahlins 's work on the hawaiian islanders in his islands of history , though far more acutely aware of contending multiple narratives trying to ascribe different significances to the same happenings , is also organised so that it allows sahlins to present a narrative wherein conflicting stories/histories are mapped out in a [structure] which explores these histories ' interpenetrations , their assimilations of each other rather than their refusals of each other .

More radical socialists have been prepared to go even further : either insisting that markets operate within a framework of planning , or even proposing that markets themselves be ‘ socialized ’ , by inserting into them new institutions and procedures which will rob them of their tendencies to inequality and producer dominance .
more radical socialists have been prepared to go even further : either insisting that markets operate within a [structure] of planning , or even proposing that markets themselves be ‘ socialized ’ , by inserting into them new institutions and procedures which will rob them of their tendencies to inequality and producer dominance .

Nonetheless , there remains a definite place for monopoly within the framework of analysis we have developed .
nonetheless , there remains a definite place for monopoly within the [structure] of analysis we have developed .

All this does not at all mean that monopoly , within our framework of discussion has become less potentially dangerous or less important .
all this does not at all mean that monopoly , within our [structure] of discussion has become less potentially dangerous or less important .

[ … ] In passing , it should be noted that the conceptual framework developed by Williamson claims to provide an explanation of organizational forms in general , in that it seeks to explain the circumstances in which a variety of institutional forms — including classical market contracts , non-standard market contracts , government regulatory agencies , and trades unions — have , in turn , a comparative advantage in the organization of resources .
[ … ] in passing , it should be noted that the conceptual [structure] developed by williamson claims to provide an explanation of organizational forms in general , in that it seeks to explain the circumstances in which a variety of institutional forms — including classical market contracts , non-standard market contracts , government regulatory agencies , and trades unions — have , in turn , a comparative advantage in the organization of resources .

In Williamson 's framework , therefore , an internal form of organization is an effective way of economizing on bounded rationality and controlling opportunism in the context of recurring transactions that involve specific assets .
in williamson 's [structure] , therefore , an internal form of organization is an effective way of economizing on bounded rationality and controlling opportunism in the context of recurring transactions that involve specific assets .

Q-analysis was introduced into the social sciences about a decade ago , as a new research methodology and framework for thought .
q-analysis was introduced into the social sciences about a decade ago , as a new research methodology and [structure] for thought .

The British approach involves the use of an appropriate probability model within an inferential framework , whereas the French school favours correspondence analysis , which is an essentially descriptive technique for exploratory data analysis .
the british approach involves the use of an appropriate probability model within an inferential [structure] , whereas the french school favours correspondence analysis , which is an essentially descriptive technique for exploratory data analysis .

Over the past decade a sudden surge of research reports managed to answer the question of when people achieve a basic grasp of psychology : sometime in the fifth year of life we lay down the framework for generalisable inferences about the intentions of others .
over the past decade a sudden surge of research reports managed to answer the question of when people achieve a basic grasp of psychology : sometime in the fifth year of life we lay down the [structure] for generalisable inferences about the intentions of others .

The former is relatively difficult to investigate in the normal research framework of brief laboratory experiments , and the latter has been overshadowed by the large volume of research on rational information processing , using analogies between computers and the mind .
the former is relatively difficult to investigate in the normal research [structure] of brief laboratory experiments , and the latter has been overshadowed by the large volume of research on rational information processing , using analogies between computers and the mind .

Further , because it is difficult to overhaul the basic structure of an enumerative scheme without complete revision of certain sections , it is necessary to add new subjects into the existing framework of relationships .
further , because it is difficult to overhaul the basic structure of an enumerative scheme without complete revision of certain sections , it is necessary to add new subjects into the existing [structure] of relationships .

Also , within the constraints imposed by the basically enumerative framework , the revisers of the major schemes do attempt to take account of a more systematic approach to classification in any proposed revisions of these schemes .
also , within the constraints imposed by the basically enumerative [structure] , the revisers of the major schemes do attempt to take account of a more systematic approach to classification in any proposed revisions of these schemes .

There is , even in those societies which have established democratic institutions in the form of competing parties , free elections and a more or less independent ( though not necessarily impartial ) judiciary , a persistent discouragement of any political action which takes place outside the traditional framework of party politics and electoral contests .
there is , even in those societies which have established democratic institutions in the form of competing parties , free elections and a more or less independent ( though not necessarily impartial ) judiciary , a persistent discouragement of any political action which takes place outside the traditional [structure] of party politics and electoral contests .

It was along this path that the labour movement , and within a narrower framework , nationalist movements , developed in the nineteenth century .
it was along this path that the labour movement , and within a narrower [structure] , nationalist movements , developed in the nineteenth century .

As a result , the general equilibrium analysis of tax incidence has , for the most part , been limited to the competitive equilibrium framework described in Lecture 7 .
as a result , the general equilibrium analysis of tax incidence has , for the most part , been limited to the competitive equilibrium [structure] described in lecture 7 .

The difficulty lies in providing an adequate theoretical framework to analyse the incidence of taxation under imperfect competition and in the presence of disequilibrium .
the difficulty lies in providing an adequate theoretical [structure] to analyse the incidence of taxation under imperfect competition and in the presence of disequilibrium .

Again , the limitation is the lack of the necessary theoretical framework .
again , the limitation is the lack of the necessary theoretical [structure] .

On the other hand , the model does provide certain insights , such as those concerning the effects of taxation on the scale of firms , in a fully articulated general equilibrium framework .
on the other hand , the model does provide certain insights , such as those concerning the effects of taxation on the scale of firms , in a fully articulated general equilibrium [structure] .

They serve none the less to illustrate the way in which the structure of production may influence the incidence of taxation in a simple general equilibrium framework .
they serve none the less to illustrate the way in which the structure of production may influence the incidence of taxation in a simple general equilibrium [structure] .

The development of the theoretical framework remains therefore of high priority .
the development of the theoretical [structure] remains therefore of high priority .

The models employed in this Lecture have provided a useful framework to illustrate some of the long-run effects of taxation and debt policy on the rate of capital accumulation , and its consequences for the general equilibrium of the economy .
the models employed in this lecture have provided a useful [structure] to illustrate some of the long-run effects of taxation and debt policy on the rate of capital accumulation , and its consequences for the general equilibrium of the economy .

In the simple framework described at the end of this section , individuals are assumed to have fixed endowments of capital and earning capacity , and the wage and rate of return are assumed exogenously determined .
in the simple [structure] described at the end of this section , individuals are assumed to have fixed endowments of capital and earning capacity , and the wage and rate of return are assumed exogenously determined .

We now describe a simple framework intended to link some of the conceptual aspects discussed above to the theoretical and empirical sections that follow .
we now describe a simple [structure] intended to link some of the conceptual aspects discussed above to the theoretical and empirical sections that follow .

In this framework , inequality in lifetime income arises basically from differences in endowments .
in this [structure] , inequality in lifetime income arises basically from differences in endowments .

The model described in the last section provides a framework within which we can examine the effect of the government on the long-run development of wealth-holding .
the model described in the last section provides a [structure] within which we can examine the effect of the government on the long-run development of wealth-holding .

The empirical work may be seen broadly as implementing the simple framework set out in Section 9–1 ( applied to current rather than lifetime income ) .
the empirical work may be seen broadly as implementing the simple [structure] set out in section 9–1 ( applied to current rather than lifetime income ) .

Perhaps more fundamentally , we take as given the basic framework of political institutions .
perhaps more fundamentally , we take as given the basic [structure] of political institutions .

We do not try to put them into a common framework , and it is difficult to conceive of any satisfactory empirical tests .
we do not try to put them into a common [structure] , and it is difficult to conceive of any satisfactory empirical tests .

With the simple voting framework , the voter has to form a judgement about the trade-offs between different objectives , for example , the level of taxes needed to finance a proposed spending programme .
with the simple voting [structure] , the voter has to form a judgement about the trade-offs between different objectives , for example , the level of taxes needed to finance a proposed spending programme .

Part of the reason for this is that the forces which dominate proceedings in Brussels place greater emphasis on common standards ( which they often confuse with higher standards ) , in preference to the provision of a framework which is genuinely competitive .
part of the reason for this is that the forces which dominate proceedings in brussels place greater emphasis on common standards ( which they often confuse with higher standards ) , in preference to the provision of a [structure] which is genuinely competitive .

And imagine that this economist is not working within the rational expectations framework and so makes no distinction between the predictable and unpredictable components of the money supply .
and imagine that this economist is not working within the rational expectations [structure] and so makes no distinction between the predictable and unpredictable components of the money supply .

However , within the simple aggregate supply and demand framework that we have developed above it has always been possible to show that , if expectations of inflation are not rational , then Friedman 's x per cent growth rule for the quantity of money will be inferior to some other policy which links monetary growth to the current or past state of the economy .
however , within the simple aggregate supply and demand [structure] that we have developed above it has always been possible to show that , if expectations of inflation are not rational , then friedman 's x per cent growth rule for the quantity of money will be inferior to some other policy which links monetary growth to the current or past state of the economy .

The possibility of cheating and some of the issues which it raises have been more formally explored by Barro and Gordon ( 1983 ) and Barro ( 1985 ) within a Phillips curve framework .
the possibility of cheating and some of the issues which it raises have been more formally explored by barro and gordon ( 1983 ) and barro ( 1985 ) within a phillips curve [structure] .

Within the aggregate supply — aggregate demand framework of this chapter such a relationship can be seen to occur because if aggregate demand increases and firms can sell their goods for a higher price , they can afford to offer workers higher nominal wages .
within the aggregate supply — aggregate demand [structure] of this chapter such a relationship can be seen to occur because if aggregate demand increases and firms can sell their goods for a higher price , they can afford to offer workers higher nominal wages .

By linking monetary policy to further lags in aggregate demand shocks one can establish a potential role for monetary policy even within Barro 's rational expectations framework .
by linking monetary policy to further lags in aggregate demand shocks one can establish a potential role for monetary policy even within barro 's rational expectations [structure] .

An approximation we make about the actual behaviour enables us to model this behaviour in a dynamic framework without complicating the estimation .
an approximation we make about the actual behaviour enables us to model this behaviour in a dynamic [structure] without complicating the estimation .

We therefore explicitly model the union wage-setting process in a median voter framework .
we therefore explicitly model the union wage-setting process in a median voter [structure] .

In other words , in an oligopolistic framework , the non-equivalence between an optimal tariff and a quota arises since the latter changes the behaviour of the competing firms .
in other words , in an oligopolistic [structure] , the non-equivalence between an optimal tariff and a quota arises since the latter changes the behaviour of the competing firms .

Sand or larger sized grains commonly form a framework within the sediment ( Fig .
sand or larger sized grains commonly form a [structure] within the sediment ( fig .

Where there are higher proportions of matrix the grains do not form a framework , but float within the finer grained matrix , forming a matrix-supported sediment ( Fig .
where there are higher proportions of matrix the grains do not form a [structure] , but float within the finer grained matrix , forming a matrix-supported sediment ( fig .

5.36 ( d ) , where selective dissolution of some ooids , together with subsequent brittle collapse of the supporting framework , has formed an interconnecting fracture porosity .
5.36 ( d ) , where selective dissolution of some ooids , together with subsequent brittle collapse of the supporting [structure] , has formed an interconnecting fracture porosity .

Just as the tax position of pension funds is straightforward so too , comparatively speaking , is the regulatory framework .
just as the tax position of pension funds is straightforward so too , comparatively speaking , is the regulatory [structure] .

Their legal status and their regulatory framework are another .
their legal status and their regulatory [structure] are another .

This Act created county councils and county borough councils , which were later used as the framework for educational administration ( see 1902 Education Act ) .
this act created county councils and county borough councils , which were later used as the [structure] for educational administration ( see 1902 education act ) .

The 1944 Education Act created a unified framework which brought the church schools under state control ( turning them into maintained schools ) , but left them with varying degrees of independence , usually over religious matters , according to how much financial support the church continued to provide .
the 1944 education act created a unified [structure] which brought the church schools under state control ( turning them into maintained schools ) , but left them with varying degrees of independence , usually over religious matters , according to how much financial support the church continued to provide .

In England , Wales and Northern Ireland , the government , while unifying some of these ( see below : Business and Technician Education Council ; Joint Board for Pre-vocational Education ) , plans to preserve much of the existing range and variety of qualifications , though setting them in a more coherent and intelligible framework ( see below : National Council for Vocational Qualifications ) .
in england , wales and northern ireland , the government , while unifying some of these ( see below : business and technician education council ; joint board for pre-vocational education ) , plans to preserve much of the existing range and variety of qualifications , though setting them in a more coherent and intelligible [structure] ( see below : national council for vocational qualifications ) .

By the beginning of the eighteenth century the framework of European diplomacy was well established .
by the beginning of the eighteenth century the [structure] of european diplomacy was well established .

It was the Prague School that unified Formalism and Saussurean linguistics in a single theoretical programme , or at least — as there has been some discussion as to the exact nature of the Prague school 's debt to Saussure — reformulated Formalist literary theory within the framework of a linguistics which shared most of Saussure 's fundamental principles , and to which they attached the label structuralism .
it was the prague school that unified formalism and saussurean linguistics in a single theoretical programme , or at least — as there has been some discussion as to the exact nature of the prague school 's debt to saussure — reformulated formalist literary theory within the [structure] of a linguistics which shared most of saussure 's fundamental principles , and to which they attached the label structuralism .

Clearly positivists , and , as we shall see , Marxists as well , will feel unhappy about any approach to literature which , like that of the Formalists and the Prague School , concentrates on the analysis of a text 's structure rather than its genesis , and on the explanation of literary facts within a predominantly literary framework of reference .
clearly positivists , and , as we shall see , marxists as well , will feel unhappy about any approach to literature which , like that of the formalists and the prague school , concentrates on the analysis of a text 's structure rather than its genesis , and on the explanation of literary facts within a predominantly literary [structure] of reference .

By taking the ‘ contextual ’ norm as one of his defining factors , he avoids this difficulty and locates his framework of analysis firmly within the text itself ( see Riffaterre 1959 and 1960 ) .
by taking the ‘ contextual ’ norm as one of his defining factors , he avoids this difficulty and locates his [structure] of analysis firmly within the text itself ( see riffaterre 1959 and 1960 ) .

As its title indicates , Principles of Literary Criticism sets out to remedy this deficiency , by developing a systematic theoretical framework within which criticism can be properly conducted .
as its title indicates , principles of literary criticism sets out to remedy this deficiency , by developing a systematic theoretical [structure] within which criticism can be properly conducted .

The main point on which this framework rests is the distinction , already made in The Meaning of Meaning , between two different functions of language .
the main point on which this [structure] rests is the distinction , already made in the meaning of meaning , between two different functions of language .

Much of his early writing is concerned with the theory of communication as well as the theory of valuation , with the result that his view of the author-text-reader relationship is placed within an elaborate and sophisticated theoretical framework .
much of his early writing is concerned with the theory of communication as well as the theory of valuation , with the result that his view of the author-text-reader relationship is placed within an elaborate and sophisticated theoretical [structure] .

The details of this framework need not concern us here , except in one important respect .
the details of this [structure] need not concern us here , except in one important respect .

The assessment was based on a framework which described the orders of acquisition of number concepts .
the assessment was based on a [structure] which described the orders of acquisition of number concepts .

It was merely a framework of broken , blonde walls , barely knee-high , like the shaft of a huge well , a shell withdrawn into a corner of the great room .
it was merely a [structure] of broken , blonde walls , barely knee-high , like the shaft of a huge well , a shell withdrawn into a corner of the great room .

The set of general criteria generated in the first part of this chapter is intended to provide a framework of maximum support for this style of education .
the set of general criteria generated in the first part of this chapter is intended to provide a [structure] of maximum support for this style of education .

Do you avoid the responsibility of countering sexist attitudes by viewing them as a natural part of the society 's framework which students expect you to reinforce ? Do you maintain a similar position with regard to racist attitudes or attitudes about the frivolity of the arts ?
do you avoid the responsibility of countering sexist attitudes by viewing them as a natural part of the society 's [structure] which students expect you to reinforce ? do you maintain a similar position with regard to racist attitudes or attitudes about the frivolity of the arts ?

But Allison has gone further than just stating the theoretical arguments for the process , he has already begun to explore the actual practicalities of implementing assessment techniques with the aid of students in his department . What is particularly interesting about these experiments is that they are all based upon the theoretical and philosophical framework Allison has devised , in which he has identified four ‘ interactive and interdependent ’ domains :
but allison has gone further than just stating the theoretical arguments for the process , he has already begun to explore the actual practicalities of implementing assessment techniques with the aid of students in his department . what is particularly interesting about these experiments is that they are all based upon the theoretical and philosophical [structure] allison has devised , in which he has identified four ‘ interactive and interdependent ’ domains :

Construct theory however presents a clear pattern of how unique , individual experience is brought to bear upon a situation , of how constructs are applied whether they are appropriate or not , and how the theoretical framework forming the basis of a personal construct system is constantly revised .
construct theory however presents a clear pattern of how unique , individual experience is brought to bear upon a situation , of how constructs are applied whether they are appropriate or not , and how the theoretical [structure] forming the basis of a personal construct system is constantly revised .

In some cases relatively modern fields can be seen to reflect these early arrangements and it seems , in areas of old ( or continuously ) enclosed land , that much of the basic framework of the landscape may be prehistoric .
in some cases relatively modern fields can be seen to reflect these early arrangements and it seems , in areas of old ( or continuously ) enclosed land , that much of the basic [structure] of the landscape may be prehistoric .

The basic framework of rural settlement was augmented and many farmsteads were rebuilt and romanised , their people using Romano-British pottery , Roman coinage and other objects , and utilising the new features of dressed masonry , mortar , man-made roofing materials , heating systems , and mosaics — rectilinear planned buildings became the norm .
the basic [structure] of rural settlement was augmented and many farmsteads were rebuilt and romanised , their people using romano-british pottery , roman coinage and other objects , and utilising the new features of dressed masonry , mortar , man-made roofing materials , heating systems , and mosaics — rectilinear planned buildings became the norm .

Glanville Jones has conducted most research into the arrangement of early estates , and his work has enormous implications for any landscape studies if the basic administrative framework is to be understood .
glanville jones has conducted most research into the arrangement of early estates , and his work has enormous implications for any landscape studies if the basic administrative [structure] is to be understood .

Elsewhere , later changes will have obscured much of this early pattern , making it difficult to reconstruct the early framework .
elsewhere , later changes will have obscured much of this early pattern , making it difficult to reconstruct the early [structure] .

How much more of the landscape possesses this ancient framework ?
how much more of the landscape possesses this ancient [structure] ?

The boys contributing to the uproar did so as well , and were rewarded for any unusually telling stroke of humour ( within the tradition-bound schoolboy framework ) by a smirk of appreciation .
the boys contributing to the uproar did so as well , and were rewarded for any unusually telling stroke of humour ( within the tradition-bound schoolboy [structure] ) by a smirk of appreciation .

Ninth-century annals and histories deal directly with public affairs and provide a more or less reliable framework of political events ; but they too are shot through with perceptions of the miraculous , and they are , at the same time , highly personal works ( as historical writing usually is ) , full of bias and image-making , whether written ( as many were ) for the king 's entourage , or for an audience far away from the court .
ninth-century annals and histories deal directly with public affairs and provide a more or less reliable [structure] of political events ; but they too are shot through with perceptions of the miraculous , and they are , at the same time , highly personal works ( as historical writing usually is ) , full of bias and image-making , whether written ( as many were ) for the king 's entourage , or for an audience far away from the court .

Helping governors and parents to see how well a school is doing and explaining or defending the school has now taken on another dimension : comparisons with other schools leads to one set of questions while the extent to which the school is organized in accordance with the national curriculum and within the national framework of pupil assessment leads to different , inward-looking enquiries .
helping governors and parents to see how well a school is doing and explaining or defending the school has now taken on another dimension : comparisons with other schools leads to one set of questions while the extent to which the school is organized in accordance with the national curriculum and within the national [structure] of pupil assessment leads to different , inward-looking enquiries .

And it is significant that , in the Association for Science Education , an introductory report ( Billings 1989 ) drew attention to the particular importance , in the framework of new vocational qualifications , of the assessment of prior learning , an importance further underlined by Slusarchuk & Nicholl ( 1990:112 ) .
and it is significant that , in the association for science education , an introductory report ( billings 1989 ) drew attention to the particular importance , in the [structure] of new vocational qualifications , of the assessment of prior learning , an importance further underlined by slusarchuk & nicholl ( 1990:112 ) .

Acceptance by parents of the personal standards of heads and other managers has to be buttressed by activities which are verifiable and which are planned outside the framework of personal preferences and skills .
acceptance by parents of the personal standards of heads and other managers has to be buttressed by activities which are verifiable and which are planned outside the [structure] of personal preferences and skills .

If a teacher at the time of appointment has agreed to play a part in the larger framework and in the long-term plan for a school , the head will after a time weigh up the capacity of the new colleague to add his or her contribution to the larger task .
if a teacher at the time of appointment has agreed to play a part in the larger [structure] and in the long-term plan for a school , the head will after a time weigh up the capacity of the new colleague to add his or her contribution to the larger task .

Once everyone knows what the framework is , most will contribute readily to the development of the school inside that frame .
once everyone knows what the [structure] is , most will contribute readily to the development of the school inside that frame .

By explaining the framework of a school 's aims , by giving opportunities for growth , by bringing separate contributions together and by , as far as possible , helping the colleague who needs help , a head can both lead and serve as an equal in collegial management .
by explaining the [structure] of a school 's aims , by giving opportunities for growth , by bringing separate contributions together and by , as far as possible , helping the colleague who needs help , a head can both lead and serve as an equal in collegial management .

Placed in a formal framework , it becomes a matter of staff development .
placed in a formal [structure] , it becomes a matter of staff development .

But one criticism made later in the same commentary drew attention to what was thought to be missing `` above all , two things : one of them a sense of history , both a broad and more local framework within which the achievement of these schools can be placed and evaluated ; the other a sense of the actual texture of the schools themselves `` ( Tizard et al .
but one criticism made later in the same commentary drew attention to what was thought to be missing `` above all , two things : one of them a sense of history , both a broad and more local [structure] within which the achievement of these schools can be placed and evaluated ; the other a sense of the actual texture of the schools themselves `` ( tizard et al .

Reflecting the connection between good teaching and its management and good learning , institutional statements about the principles of in-service work include , as an example , `` The ultimate aim of all in-service education for teachers is the improvement of pupil/student learning through the development of teachers as reflective , autonomous professionals who have not only developed a range of skills but also a broad knowledge of understanding of subject content and of the conceptual framework of teaching and learning . ``
reflecting the connection between good teaching and its management and good learning , institutional statements about the principles of in-service work include , as an example , `` the ultimate aim of all in-service education for teachers is the improvement of pupil/student learning through the development of teachers as reflective , autonomous professionals who have not only developed a range of skills but also a broad knowledge of understanding of subject content and of the conceptual [structure] of teaching and learning . ``

This definition of the importance of a unity of view in management and of the importance of sharing interest and concern allows the significance of the classroom and of the small-scale , almost invisible base of experience of the individual teacher to take its place alongside larger aspects of policy and of governmental requirement in the total framework of a school 's management .
this definition of the importance of a unity of view in management and of the importance of sharing interest and concern allows the significance of the classroom and of the small-scale , almost invisible base of experience of the individual teacher to take its place alongside larger aspects of policy and of governmental requirement in the total [structure] of a school 's management .

Serrano was widely regarded as the architect of the unification of political parties in 1937 which gave the Franco regime its political and ideological framework , and Franco regularly sought and accepted Serrano 's judgement when making high-level political appointments .
serrano was widely regarded as the architect of the unification of political parties in 1937 which gave the franco regime its political and ideological [structure] , and franco regularly sought and accepted serrano 's judgement when making high-level political appointments .

The Falangists derived what power they had from their positions as the instruments of Francoism ; they had no organizational capacity outside the framework of the regime and no international support at all .
the falangists derived what power they had from their positions as the instruments of francoism ; they had no organizational capacity outside the [structure] of the regime and no international support at all .

By the end of the 1950s , however , the failure of autarchy as an economic programme had made it necessary to seek other options , and these implied at least the modification of the existing political framework .
by the end of the 1950s , however , the failure of autarchy as an economic programme had made it necessary to seek other options , and these implied at least the modification of the existing political [structure] .

In the context of changing national and international social and economic conditions , the maintenance of an inflexible , narrow political framework became increasingly untenable .
in the context of changing national and international social and economic conditions , the maintenance of an inflexible , narrow political [structure] became increasingly untenable .

But it does provide a framework to which we are all working , spreads out the major publications and pieces of campaigning work , and allows all those in the organisation to know the overall timetable being pursued .
but it does provide a [structure] to which we are all working , spreads out the major publications and pieces of campaigning work , and allows all those in the organisation to know the overall timetable being pursued .

These three modules provide a framework for organising and certificating work experience for a diverse population .
these three modules provide a [structure] for organising and certificating work experience for a diverse population .

These three modules provide a framework for organising and certificating community involvement for a diverse population .
these three modules provide a [structure] for organising and certificating community involvement for a diverse population .

This module aims to provide a framework within which a student can maximise the benefits to be gained from a programme which integrates education , training and work experience .
this module aims to provide a [structure] within which a student can maximise the benefits to be gained from a programme which integrates education , training and work experience .

92351 The Scottish Legal Framework Purpose
92351 the scottish legal [structure] purpose

92351 The Scottish Legal Framework .
92351 the scottish legal [structure] .

Students may find 92351 The Scottish Legal Framework or 92359 People and the Criminal Law useful as complementary modules .
students may find 92351 the scottish legal [structure] or 92359 people and the criminal law useful as complementary modules .

92351 The Scottish Legal Framework ( formerly 72351 The Legal Framework )
92351 the scottish legal [structure] ( formerly 72351 the legal [structure] )

Framework for initiating and supporting investigations
[structure] for initiating and supporting investigations

This article sets out a framework for the reform of disabled employment rights .
this article sets out a [structure] for the reform of disabled employment rights .

The Commissioner for the Rights of Trade Union Members-A Framework for the Future ?
the commissioner for the rights of trade union members-a [structure] for the future ?

Thus , the absence of a common framework for evaluating risks can make it difficult to arrive at consensus decisions .
thus , the absence of a common [structure] for evaluating risks can make it difficult to arrive at consensus decisions .

Guideline 2 , The Law below therefore briefly discusses the implications for conduct within the existing legal framework , and Guideline 3 , Conduct ( page 11 ) expands on the requirements of professional codes .
guideline 2 , the law below therefore briefly discusses the implications for conduct within the existing legal [structure] , and guideline 3 , conduct ( page 11 ) expands on the requirements of professional codes .

Businesses operate within such a framework ; they must observe planning regulations and comply with employment legislation .
businesses operate within such a [structure] ; they must observe planning regulations and comply with employment legislation .

However , this document , Guidelines on Risk Issues , does not have a formal link with the framework outlined overleaf .
however , this document , guidelines on risk issues , does not have a formal link with the [structure] outlined overleaf .

The overall framework is illustrated below .
the overall [structure] is illustrated below .

Keep yourself up to date with the substance and intent of the legal and regulatory framework that applies to your work .
keep yourself up to date with the substance and intent of the legal and regulatory [structure] that applies to your work .

Act at all times in a manner that gives full effect to your obligations under the law and the regulatory framework .
act at all times in a manner that gives full effect to your obligations under the law and the regulatory [structure] .

The pre-conditions of mobility of resources and price-wage stability were set out , and within this framework the effects of altering demand were explained .
the pre-conditions of mobility of resources and price-wage stability were set out , and within this [structure] the effects of altering demand were explained .

However , it is not clear where on this hypothetical curve normal driving would lie , thus both enhancements or impairments of memory with increasing risk could be explained within this framework .
however , it is not clear where on this hypothetical curve normal driving would lie , thus both enhancements or impairments of memory with increasing risk could be explained within this [structure] .

To apply the framework of attention focusing to the data from these studies it is necessary to make some assumptions about the information that is central and peripheral in the stimuli .
to apply the [structure] of attention focusing to the data from these studies it is necessary to make some assumptions about the information that is central and peripheral in the stimuli .

The significant main effect of junction type for both descriptions and potential risks is difficult to accommodate within this framework .
the significant main effect of junction type for both descriptions and potential risks is difficult to accommodate within this [structure] .

The intensional framework of syntax
the intensional [structure] of syntax

If we force an associative adjective into predicative position , a user of English has to try to make sense of the result within a framework of interpretation , which already requires that the adjective should be taken as ascriptive .
if we force an associative adjective into predicative position , a user of english has to try to make sense of the result within a [structure] of interpretation , which already requires that the adjective should be taken as ascriptive .

Against this , it is arguable that one can feel the sense of waiting and subsequent satisfaction only when there is some expected framework , and the framework for language has no obvious parallels with non-linguistic ones ; so we do have one autonomous characteristic of language , even if all the others — equation of two elements , instantiation of one element by another , and so on — are part of the much more general perceptual and conceptual apparatus of human beings .
against this , it is arguable that one can feel the sense of waiting and subsequent satisfaction only when there is some expected [structure] , and the [structure] for language has no obvious parallels with non-linguistic ones ; so we do have one autonomous characteristic of language , even if all the others — equation of two elements , instantiation of one element by another , and so on — are part of the much more general perceptual and conceptual apparatus of human beings .

Meiklejohn says , `` Every adjective is either an explicit or an implicit predicate `` , the former corresponding in his book to appearance in predicative position and the latter to attributive use ; and he goes on to show , with examples , that he takes exactly the same view as is found later in accounts given within a Chomskyan framework .
meiklejohn says , `` every adjective is either an explicit or an implicit predicate `` , the former corresponding in his book to appearance in predicative position and the latter to attributive use ; and he goes on to show , with examples , that he takes exactly the same view as is found later in accounts given within a chomskyan [structure] .

( This of course remains true even if the whole structure is then subjected within a wider framework to negation , or presented as being hypothetical . )
( this of course remains true even if the whole structure is then subjected within a wider [structure] to negation , or presented as being hypothetical . )

We should , therefore , take the time needed to consider how this distinction fits into the framework of our discussion in this book , which we do in Sections 7.1 and 7.2 .
we should , therefore , take the time needed to consider how this distinction fits into the [structure] of our discussion in this book , which we do in sections 7.1 and 7.2 .

Power contests were often set in a legal framework .
power contests were often set in a legal [structure] .

He was a `` pastor `` within the established framework , devoting his attention to his cardinalate church and writing his theological works .
he was a `` pastor `` within the established [structure] , devoting his attention to his cardinalate church and writing his theological works .

Since then , techniques such as seismic surveys , mechanised geochemical analysis , and isotopic research , have become available , and the theoretical framework of research in these geologically interesting areas has provided the potential for a great deal of re-interpretation , some of it of a fundamental nature , contributing to theoretical developments in geology .
since then , techniques such as seismic surveys , mechanised geochemical analysis , and isotopic research , have become available , and the theoretical [structure] of research in these geologically interesting areas has provided the potential for a great deal of re-interpretation , some of it of a fundamental nature , contributing to theoretical developments in geology .

Some themes may require support by a citation , as unsupported ideas may appear to have no connections to previous work , or to the theoretical framework of the subject .
some themes may require support by a citation , as unsupported ideas may appear to have no connections to previous work , or to the theoretical [structure] of the subject .

The third edition , to be published in 1991 contains much that is new or refined from the second , but it is written wholly within the plate tectonic theoretical framework , and reveals no paradigm change from the second edition .
the third edition , to be published in 1991 contains much that is new or refined from the second , but it is written wholly within the plate tectonic theoretical [structure] , and reveals no paradigm change from the second edition .

The map represents an interpretation of the results of fieldwork sampling within a theoretical framework — the geological paradigm .
the map represents an interpretation of the results of fieldwork sampling within a theoretical [structure] — the geological paradigm .

But even when practical concerns are uppermost there is still a framework , a wider context , into which the research and the questions to which it is directed have to fit .
but even when practical concerns are uppermost there is still a [structure] , a wider context , into which the research and the questions to which it is directed have to fit .

The importance of these examples is not simply to reinforce the general point that data materials , whatever else they may consist in , have to be `` read `` through , in terms of , a theoretical framework to exist as data , but that the theoretical significance of such materials can change .
the importance of these examples is not simply to reinforce the general point that data materials , whatever else they may consist in , have to be `` read `` through , in terms of , a theoretical [structure] to exist as data , but that the theoretical significance of such materials can change .

The Caracas Declaration , providing a framework for the creation by January 1992 of a free-trade zone between the five Andean Pact member countries ( Bolivia , Colombia , Ecuador , Peru and Venezuela ) was signed by the presidents of these five countries on May 18 at an Andean Pact summit meeting in Caracas , the Venezuelan capital .
the caracas declaration , providing a [structure] for the creation by january 1992 of a free-trade zone between the five andean pact member countries ( bolivia , colombia , ecuador , peru and venezuela ) was signed by the presidents of these five countries on may 18 at an andean pact summit meeting in caracas , the venezuelan capital .

On May 23 the Minister of State for Cabinet Affairs , Dhari Abdullah al Othman said that the trails " currently taking place in public were within the framework of the law " and described as " tendentious " reports which suggested otherwise .
on may 23 the minister of state for cabinet affairs , dhari abdullah al othman said that the trails " currently taking place in public were within the [structure] of the law " and described as " tendentious " reports which suggested otherwise .

Through the Declaration of Ilo , the two presidents committed Bolivia and Peru to implement the terms of the Gran Mariscal Andrés de Santa Cruz bilateral framework agreement , which they signed at the same time , for economic co-operation between the two countries .
through the declaration of ilo , the two presidents committed bolivia and peru to implement the terms of the gran mariscal andrés de santa cruz bilateral [structure] agreement , which they signed at the same time , for economic co-operation between the two countries .

Talks in New Delhi on Jan. 6 , in the framework of the first meeting of a new India-Sri Lanka joint commission , produced agreement on beginning the return of Tamil refugees to Sri Lanka .
talks in new delhi on jan. 6 , in the [structure] of the first meeting of a new india-sri lanka joint commission , produced agreement on beginning the return of tamil refugees to sri lanka .

Despite its overall stress on growth , the statement recommended a cautious approach , observing that `` the appropriate framework is one of fiscal and monetary policies geared to sustainable growth with price stability over the medium term `` ; it also recognized that `` the specific mix of policies would vary depending on the circumstances in each country `` [ see also p. 38314 ] .
despite its overall stress on growth , the statement recommended a cautious approach , observing that `` the appropriate [structure] is one of fiscal and monetary policies geared to sustainable growth with price stability over the medium term `` ; it also recognized that `` the specific mix of policies would vary depending on the circumstances in each country `` [ see also p. 38314 ] .

Based on the 1984 Peace and Friendship Treaty , which created the framework for settling the border disputes which had brought both countries to the brink of war in 1978 [ see p. 32781 ] , the agreement covered 22 points of dispute .
based on the 1984 peace and friendship treaty , which created the [structure] for settling the border disputes which had brought both countries to the brink of war in 1978 [ see p. 32781 ] , the agreement covered 22 points of dispute .

In the letter Islamic Jihad called on Pérez de Cuéllar `` to make a personal endeavour , in the framework of a comprehensive solution , to secure the release of all detainees around the world `` .
in the letter islamic jihad called on pérez de cuéllar `` to make a personal endeavour , in the [structure] of a comprehensive solution , to secure the release of all detainees around the world `` .

The Declaration 's organizational framework committed parties to " co-ordinate and co-operate … by holding meetings at the foreign ministers ' level " .
the declaration 's organizational [structure] committed parties to " co-ordinate and co-operate … by holding meetings at the foreign ministers ' level " .

On Jan. 21 it was confirmed that a peace formula was also being sought within the framework of the Non-aligned Movement .
on jan. 21 it was confirmed that a peace formula was also being sought within the [structure] of the non-aligned movement .

Framework agreement on future links
[structure] agreement on future links

Framework Convention on Climate Change .
[structure] convention on climate change .

The bill was intended to provide the legal basis for a new constitution , the framework of which was finally agreed by leaders of the main political groupings in March 1991 [ see p. 38107 ] .
the bill was intended to provide the legal basis for a new constitution , the [structure] of which was finally agreed by leaders of the main political groupings in march 1991 [ see p. 38107 ] .

The War Crimes Bill , which provided a legal framework for the prosecution of suspected war criminals and had been rejected by the House of Lords in June 1990 [ see p. 37889 ] , was reintroduced in March 1991 and again effectively rejected by the Lords on April 26 .
the war crimes bill , which provided a legal [structure] for the prosecution of suspected war criminals and had been rejected by the house of lords in june 1990 [ see p. 37889 ] , was reintroduced in march 1991 and again effectively rejected by the lords on april 26 .

The 45 articles of the accord provided a framework for dealing with questions of product standardization , and other matters relating to customs regulations .
the 45 articles of the accord provided a [structure] for dealing with questions of product standardization , and other matters relating to customs regulations .

The treaty provided for the establishment of a continental framework for the development of resources ; for economic and trade co-operation between member states ; and for the adoption of a common trade policy in regard to non-member states .
the treaty provided for the establishment of a continental [structure] for the development of resources ; for economic and trade co-operation between member states ; and for the adoption of a common trade policy in regard to non-member states .

" Political union … The European Council considers that the Union should be based on the following principles … : full maintenance of the acquis communautaire and development thereof , a single institutional framework with procedures appropriate to the requirements of the various spheres of action , the evolving nature of the process of integration or union , the principle of subsidiarity and the principle of economic and social cohesion …
" political union … the european council considers that the union should be based on the following principles … : full maintenance of the acquis communautaire and development thereof , a single institutional [structure] with procedures appropriate to the requirements of the various spheres of action , the evolving nature of the process of integration or union , the principle of subsidiarity and the principle of economic and social cohesion …

On April 14 , 1990 , the Foreign Ministers of the two countries met in Dakar to discuss a new framework for co-operation .
on april 14 , 1990 , the foreign ministers of the two countries met in dakar to discuss a new [structure] for co-operation .

They shall take part in the development of co-ordinated strategies and concepts for an environmental policy that crosses state borders in an international and in particular in a European framework .
they shall take part in the development of co-ordinated strategies and concepts for an environmental policy that crosses state borders in an international and in particular in a european [structure] .

Article 20 . Both governments shall increase their co-operation within the framework of international organizations …
article 20 . both governments shall increase their co-operation within the [structure] of international organizations …

The framework agreement was to be made widely known among the population , and other topics under negotiation were to be handled within the context of the framework agreement .
the [structure] agreement was to be made widely known among the population , and other topics under negotiation were to be handled within the context of the [structure] agreement .

The need for `` dialogue `` nevertheless became the keynote in pronouncements by Prime Minister Sid-Ahmed Ghozali , and on July 11 he invited all opposition groups to attend a national conference at the end of the month `` to define the framework and forms of dialogue `` .
the need for `` dialogue `` nevertheless became the keynote in pronouncements by prime minister sid-ahmed ghozali , and on july 11 he invited all opposition groups to attend a national conference at the end of the month `` to define the [structure] and forms of dialogue `` .

Second , it called for the development of an `` organizational and structural framework `` for uniting the Iraqi opposition .
second , it called for the development of an `` organizational and structural [structure] `` for uniting the iraqi opposition .

Leaders of all of Czechoslovakia 's main political groupings and institutions reached agreement on the framework for a new constitution at a meeting on March 4 .
leaders of all of czechoslovakia 's main political groupings and institutions reached agreement on the [structure] for a new constitution at a meeting on march 4 .

Portuguese radio described the protocol as `` a framework for mutual guarantees `` .
portuguese radio described the protocol as `` a [structure] for mutual guarantees `` .

The negotiations on the country 's constitutional framework appeared to be on the verge of a breakthrough in early February , when a joint commission of the Czech and Slovak National Councils ( republican parliaments ) agreed on a draft text defining the relationship of the republics in a future federation .
the negotiations on the country 's constitutional [structure] appeared to be on the verge of a breakthrough in early february , when a joint commission of the czech and slovak national councils ( republican parliaments ) agreed on a draft text defining the relationship of the republics in a future federation .

Among its criticisms of the treaty were the lack of a judicial body to adjudicate disagreements on its provisions , the lack of democratic control , inadequate provisions on immigration and asylum , and the lack of data protection with regard to the central database to be compiled within the framework of the treaty .
among its criticisms of the treaty were the lack of a judicial body to adjudicate disagreements on its provisions , the lack of democratic control , inadequate provisions on immigration and asylum , and the lack of data protection with regard to the central database to be compiled within the [structure] of the treaty .

The Council `` also discussed further-reaching reforms on the role of the European Parliament and asks the conference to consider developing co-decision procedures for acts of a legislative nature , within the framework of the hierarchy of Community acts .
the council `` also discussed further-reaching reforms on the role of the european parliament and asks the conference to consider developing co-decision procedures for acts of a legislative nature , within the [structure] of the hierarchy of community acts .

The effective implementation of a common foreign and security policy should take place within an institutional framework based on `` one decision-making centre , namely the Council ; harmonization and , where appropriate , unification of the preparatory work ; a unified secretariat ; a reinforced role for the Commission through a non-exclusive right of initiative ; adequate procedures for consulting and informing the European Parliament ; detailed procedures ensuring that the union can speak effectively with one voice on the international stage in particular in international organizations and vis-à-vis third countries `` .
the effective implementation of a common foreign and security policy should take place within an institutional [structure] based on `` one decision-making centre , namely the council ; harmonization and , where appropriate , unification of the preparatory work ; a unified secretariat ; a reinforced role for the commission through a non-exclusive right of initiative ; adequate procedures for consulting and informing the european parliament ; detailed procedures ensuring that the union can speak effectively with one voice on the international stage in particular in international organizations and vis-à-vis third countries `` .

The rumours were reinforced in mid-December when Roh suggested that , as `` a basic framework on inter-Korean relations had been set `` , then `` summit talks will be held earlier than had been expected `` .
the rumours were reinforced in mid-december when roh suggested that , as `` a basic [structure] on inter-korean relations had been set `` , then `` summit talks will be held earlier than had been expected `` .

Referring to the need to develop a common framework for legal cooperation " in the civil , commercial , labour administrative areas , with special attention to extradition " and other elements of " international criminal laws " , the agreement established a technical commission made up of representatives of the four justice ministries .
referring to the need to develop a common [structure] for legal cooperation " in the civil , commercial , labour administrative areas , with special attention to extradition " and other elements of " international criminal laws " , the agreement established a technical commission made up of representatives of the four justice ministries .

In a formal statement on Nov. 8 , they condemned attacks by the Yugoslav National Army on Dubrovnik and other Croatian cities , but they added that recognition for seceding republics " can only be envisaged in the framework of an overall settlement " and that such a settlement had to guarantee the rights of " national or ethnic groups within the individual republics . "
in a formal statement on nov. 8 , they condemned attacks by the yugoslav national army on dubrovnik and other croatian cities , but they added that recognition for seceding republics " can only be envisaged in the [structure] of an overall settlement " and that such a settlement had to guarantee the rights of " national or ethnic groups within the individual republics . "

Delegates to the national conference agreed on Sept. 19 to put to a referendum a 71-article draft constitution with a multiparty political framework and spelling out the country 's fundamental principles .
delegates to the national conference agreed on sept. 19 to put to a referendum a 71-article draft constitution with a multiparty political [structure] and spelling out the country 's fundamental principles .

The lack of a stable legal framework , the low fixed price of oil and insecure borders with other former Soviet republics encouraged illegal exports for resale at free market prices .
the lack of a stable legal [structure] , the low fixed price of oil and insecure borders with other former soviet republics encouraged illegal exports for resale at free market prices .

The Palestinian delegation presented Israel with a new 10-point framework for talks on self rule in the occupied territories on Sept. 1 .
the palestinian delegation presented israel with a new 10-point [structure] for talks on self rule in the occupied territories on sept. 1 .

The main aims of the strategy were stated as ( i ) continued economic reforms within the framework of SAPs ; ( ii ) a doubling of agricultural growth to 4 per cent per year ; ( iii ) a reduction of Africa 's annual 3.3 per cent population growth rate ; ( iv ) increased regional economic co-operation and integration ; ( v ) encouraging partnership between African entrepreneurs and private foreign capital ; ( vi ) an increased role for non-governmental organizations ; and ( vii ) the involvement of women .
the main aims of the strategy were stated as ( i ) continued economic reforms within the [structure] of saps ; ( ii ) a doubling of agricultural growth to 4 per cent per year ; ( iii ) a reduction of africa 's annual 3.3 per cent population growth rate ; ( iv ) increased regional economic co-operation and integration ; ( v ) encouraging partnership between african entrepreneurs and private foreign capital ; ( vi ) an increased role for non-governmental organizations ; and ( vii ) the involvement of women .

The agreement , which aimed to provide `` a framework and main direction `` for Sino-Russian trade , was signed in Beijing by Li Lanqing , Chinese Minister for Foreign Economic Relations and Trade , and Pyotr Aven , the Russian Minister for Foreign Economic Affairs .
the agreement , which aimed to provide `` a [structure] and main direction `` for sino-russian trade , was signed in beijing by li lanqing , chinese minister for foreign economic relations and trade , and pyotr aven , the russian minister for foreign economic affairs .

37542-43 ] , had given deputies a two-year mandate to agree on a federal and regional constitutional framework .
37542-43 ] , had given deputies a two-year mandate to agree on a federal and regional constitutional [structure] .

Two other decrees on March 1 provided the legal framework for the creation of regional authorities and for a `` basic law of government `` .
two other decrees on march 1 provided the legal [structure] for the creation of regional authorities and for a `` basic law of government `` .

Under preparation for three years , the bill set up the framework for the legal operation of private radio and television stations and for an independent public broadcasting system .
under preparation for three years , the bill set up the [structure] for the legal operation of private radio and television stations and for an independent public broadcasting system .

" The European Council underlined the importance in this context of reinforcing the convergence process among the member states ' economies , which is crucial for maintaining monetary stability and for creating the framework for sustainable growth and rising employment … The European Council reiterated too its commitment to the European Monetary System as a key factor of economic stability and prosperity in Europe [ while endorsing the view ] that the recent financial turbulence calls for reflection and analysis in the light of developments in capital markets and in the European and world monetary systems …
" the european council underlined the importance in this context of reinforcing the convergence process among the member states ' economies , which is crucial for maintaining monetary stability and for creating the [structure] for sustainable growth and rising employment … the european council reiterated too its commitment to the european monetary system as a key factor of economic stability and prosperity in europe [ while endorsing the view ] that the recent financial turbulence calls for reflection and analysis in the light of developments in capital markets and in the european and world monetary systems …

The Maastricht Treaty provides the right framework and objectives for this .
the maastricht treaty provides the right [structure] and objectives for this .

The republics would need to create the legal framework and conditions for market economies .
the republics would need to create the legal [structure] and conditions for market economies .

The governments of the two countries agreed in January 1991 on a basic framework for future formal links [ see p. 37949 ] .
the governments of the two countries agreed in january 1991 on a basic [structure] for future formal links [ see p. 37949 ] .

On this view , the only problem was how best to create an institutional framework which would bring the benefits of medical science more efficiently and equitably to the people of Britain .
on this view , the only problem was how best to create an institutional [structure] which would bring the benefits of medical science more efficiently and equitably to the people of britain .

As the ineffectiveness of curative medicine is increasingly exposed ( and costs soar ) Western medicine has paid more attention to prevention , but again within a narrowly individualistic framework .
as the ineffectiveness of curative medicine is increasingly exposed ( and costs soar ) western medicine has paid more attention to prevention , but again within a narrowly individualistic [structure] .

They can not all be fitted into the same rigid framework .
they can not all be fitted into the same rigid [structure] .

This feeds into the authority 's strategic framework which sets out its statement of purpose , guiding values , aims and objectives in the medium term ( usually over a three to five year period ) .
this feeds into the authority 's strategic [structure] which sets out its statement of purpose , guiding values , aims and objectives in the medium term ( usually over a three to five year period ) .

As the Patients ' Association noted , the Charter was an important step in enabling patients to speak up for themselves as individuals outside the organisational framework of DHAs acting as `` champions of the people `` and GPs as the patient 's agent .
as the patients ' association noted , the charter was an important step in enabling patients to speak up for themselves as individuals outside the organisational [structure] of dhas acting as `` champions of the people `` and gps as the patient 's agent .

History gives pupils a framework of reference , opportunities for the informed use of leisure , and a critically sharpened intelligence with which to make sense of current affairs .
history gives pupils a [structure] of reference , opportunities for the informed use of leisure , and a critically sharpened intelligence with which to make sense of current affairs .

Storytime is a regular feature in the school timetable , and stories about the past can slot naturally into this framework .
storytime is a regular feature in the school timetable , and stories about the past can slot naturally into this [structure] .

Even if this does not strictly fit into the history framework , teachers will want to build on such events , or , alternatively , they might perhaps form the basis of a `` once only `` local unit .
even if this does not strictly fit into the history [structure] , teachers will want to build on such events , or , alternatively , they might perhaps form the basis of a `` once only `` local unit .

Rather the programme of study for Key Stage 3 while being set in its subject context of a 5 – 16 continuum , should also be set in the context of the whole school curriculum framework .
rather the programme of study for key stage 3 while being set in its subject context of a 5 – 16 continuum , should also be set in the context of the whole school curriculum [structure] .

Good practice in the classroom can only be achieved where the teacher has evolved a clear framework wherein pupils can become secure , confident and interested .
good practice in the classroom can only be achieved where the teacher has evolved a clear [structure] wherein pupils can become secure , confident and interested .

The Evaluation and Monitoring Sub-committee agreed a ‘ working ’ framework for evaluation of the work of the Enterprise Centre that focused on the evaluation of one or two objectives within each area of work .
the evaluation and monitoring sub-committee agreed a ‘ working ’ [structure] for evaluation of the work of the enterprise centre that focused on the evaluation of one or two objectives within each area of work .

During the summer months the evaluation framework will be revised and a new evaluation strategy will be proposed for the use during the next couple of years .
during the summer months the evaluation [structure] will be revised and a new evaluation strategy will be proposed for the use during the next couple of years .

Anne Connor , a member of the Enterprise Steering Committee , will be acting as a consultant on evaluation issues and will be heavily involved in the review and revision of this ‘ framework for evaluation ’ .
anne connor , a member of the enterprise steering committee , will be acting as a consultant on evaluation issues and will be heavily involved in the review and revision of this ‘ [structure] for evaluation ’ .

With the provision for periodic review , the basic framework for future regional policy was now in place .
with the provision for periodic review , the basic [structure] for future regional policy was now in place .

The state provides `` the legal framework within which this all takes place , but is not otherwise concerned in the regulation … aspects of the private housing market `` ( p. 129 ) .
the state provides `` the legal [structure] within which this all takes place , but is not otherwise concerned in the regulation … aspects of the private housing market `` ( p. 129 ) .

Great questions such as the way in which buildings may be rehabilitated , or private and council landlords forced to meet basic standards of health and safety within their properties , have been largely pushed into the field of what has been designated `` Housing Law `` , the latter being less concerned with providing a framework for operation than a means for intervening on behalf of the more vulnerable members in society .
great questions such as the way in which buildings may be rehabilitated , or private and council landlords forced to meet basic standards of health and safety within their properties , have been largely pushed into the field of what has been designated `` housing law `` , the latter being less concerned with providing a [structure] for operation than a means for intervening on behalf of the more vulnerable members in society .

The framework of real property is a combination of rules derived from common law , equity and statute .
the [structure] of real property is a combination of rules derived from common law , equity and statute .

Contrary to Harris 's statement the definition section of the Law of Property Act 1925 legal framework does provides some indication of the " rights , privileges , powers and immunities " which the owner of the legal estate , or indeed any other estate or interest in or over land , may enjoy :
contrary to harris 's statement the definition section of the law of property act 1925 legal [structure] does provides some indication of the " rights , privileges , powers and immunities " which the owner of the legal estate , or indeed any other estate or interest in or over land , may enjoy :

But the legal relationship was for the most part enveloped in a broader normative framework … The landowner , in many cases , was principally interested in his rental income .
but the legal relationship was for the most part enveloped in a broader normative [structure] … the landowner , in many cases , was principally interested in his rental income .

Unlike many other contracts , the courts have not exercised a strong influence over the framework of this relationship and the common law only imposes a few terms upon leasehold parties .
unlike many other contracts , the courts have not exercised a strong influence over the [structure] of this relationship and the common law only imposes a few terms upon leasehold parties .

The framework for relief from forfeiture in the county court is provided by the County Courts Act 1984 .
the [structure] for relief from forfeiture in the county court is provided by the county courts act 1984 .

The framework is that a demand concerning an economic matter is blackmail , but there is an exception that it was warranted .
the [structure] is that a demand concerning an economic matter is blackmail , but there is an exception that it was warranted .

The best we can do is to make a close study of code switching and hope that it will provide an overall framework for understanding how the two perceived varieties , Creole and English , interact in conversation .
the best we can do is to make a close study of code switching and hope that it will provide an overall [structure] for understanding how the two perceived varieties , creole and english , interact in conversation .

Within the quantitative framework , the instances of each variant are usually simply added up to produce a gross sum .
within the quantitative [structure] , the instances of each variant are usually simply added up to produce a gross sum .

In practice though , research within this framework has concerned itself with `` patterns of linguistic behaviour `` as made manifest , for example , through narrative or in interviews , rather than looking in detail at conversational encounters .
in practice though , research within this [structure] has concerned itself with `` patterns of linguistic behaviour `` as made manifest , for example , through narrative or in interviews , rather than looking in detail at conversational encounters .

Later on , it seemed to signify a much looser framework in which France would receive certain minimal concessions in return for economic aid .
later on , it seemed to signify a much looser [structure] in which france would receive certain minimal concessions in return for economic aid .

Perhaps the aspect of the postwar settlement to which he could most easily reconcile himself was decolonization , because that at least could be understood within a fundamentally nationalist framework .
perhaps the aspect of the postwar settlement to which he could most easily reconcile himself was decolonization , because that at least could be understood within a fundamentally nationalist [structure] .

It was not the case that he neglected domestic issues — least of all in the period 1963 – 65 — but rather that he saw them within the larger framework of France 's relations with the world .
it was not the case that he neglected domestic issues — least of all in the period 1963 – 65 — but rather that he saw them within the larger [structure] of france 's relations with the world .

It was within this evolutionary framework that de Gaulle situated his policies .
it was within this evolutionary [structure] that de gaulle situated his policies .

When he had gathered enough information to feel in command of an issue , he required peace and quiet to order his thoughts , assimilate the information within the framework of his part-instinctual , part-rational world-view , and reach a decision .
when he had gathered enough information to feel in command of an issue , he required peace and quiet to order his thoughts , assimilate the information within the [structure] of his part-instinctual , part-rational world-view , and reach a decision .

Taken together , SVQs and general SVQs will provide a coherent framework of vocational awards , with clear routes of progression , and at the same time establish parity of esteem between vocational and academic awards .
taken together , svqs and general svqs will provide a coherent [structure] of vocational awards , with clear routes of progression , and at the same time establish parity of esteem between vocational and academic awards .

The new awards will also have clear links with occupational SVQs in the same broad occupational area , and with other vocational qualifications . Taken together , the framework of occupational SVQs and the new structure of general SVQs , plus the new preliminary awards , provide an interlinking system of vocational qualifications which :
the new awards will also have clear links with occupational svqs in the same broad occupational area , and with other vocational qualifications . taken together , the [structure] of occupational svqs and the new structure of general svqs , plus the new preliminary awards , provide an interlinking system of vocational qualifications which :

Someone with moderate learning difficulties , for instance , can step onto the lowest rung of the framework by taking National Certificate ( Skillstart 1 ) .
someone with moderate learning difficulties , for instance , can step onto the lowest rung of the [structure] by taking national certificate ( skillstart 1 ) .

employ a framework of core skills
employ a [structure] of core skills

Overall , we found very strong support for the idea of basing the new qualifications on existing modular provision in Scotland , in order to maintain the coherence of our national qualifications framework .
overall , we found very strong support for the idea of basing the new qualifications on existing modular provision in scotland , in order to maintain the coherence of our national qualifications [structure] .

The framework of new general SVQs is designed to allow progression from lower to higher levels .
the [structure] of new general svqs is designed to allow progression from lower to higher levels .

The concepts of trade creation and diversion are concerned with the allocation of resources in a static framework .
the concepts of trade creation and diversion are concerned with the allocation of resources in a static [structure] .

The Market as Framework ?
the market as [structure] ?

Framework knitters received comparable wages for turning yarn into stockings : in the 1770s from 6s ( 30p ) a week down to 4s 6d ( 22½p ) for the coarser varieties .
[structure] knitters received comparable wages for turning yarn into stockings : in the 1770s from 6s ( 30p ) a week down to 4s 6d ( 22½p ) for the coarser varieties .

For framework knitters in the hosiery manufacture of the east Midlands , their historian William Felkin described a golden age lasting from 1755 to 1785 , but a more recent authority has suggested that although knitters by the time of Luddism 's outbreak in 1811 looked back to pre-war wages of 10 to 12s ( 50-60p ) for plain work and up to 30s ( £1.50 ) for skilled , they were generally prosperous down to 1809 .
for [structure] knitters in the hosiery manufacture of the east midlands , their historian william felkin described a golden age lasting from 1755 to 1785 , but a more recent authority has suggested that although knitters by the time of luddism 's outbreak in 1811 looked back to pre-war wages of 10 to 12s ( 50-60p ) for plain work and up to 30s ( £1.50 ) for skilled , they were generally prosperous down to 1809 .

Gravenor Henson , the leader of the Framework Knitters `` Union , regarded the existence of the acts as `` a tremendous millstone round the neck of the local artisan , which has depressed and debased him to the earth , every act which he has attempted every measure that he has devised to keep up or raise his wages , he has been told was illegal : the whole force of the civil power and influence of the district has been exerted against him because he was acting illegally `` .
gravenor henson , the leader of the [structure] knitters `` union , regarded the existence of the acts as `` a tremendous millstone round the neck of the local artisan , which has depressed and debased him to the earth , every act which he has attempted every measure that he has devised to keep up or raise his wages , he has been told was illegal : the whole force of the civil power and influence of the district has been exerted against him because he was acting illegally `` .

This , not the introduction of new machinery , was the grievance of the framework knitters .
this , not the introduction of new machinery , was the grievance of the [structure] knitters .

This ended the main phase , and resistance once again concentrated on the attempt , organised by the United Framework Knitters , to secure a parliamentary bill .
this ended the main phase , and resistance once again concentrated on the attempt , organised by the united [structure] knitters , to secure a parliamentary bill .

We have seen that graph-search terminology provides a useful framework for clarifying and examining issues involved in automatic speech processing .
we have seen that graph-search terminology provides a useful [structure] for clarifying and examining issues involved in automatic speech processing .

Chapter 3 . The Architectural Framework
chapter 3 . the architectural [structure]

Firstly , the chart parser was an existing framework , originally developed for use in the syntactic domain , but also used in other areas of the speech chain , e.g .
firstly , the chart parser was an existing [structure] , originally developed for use in the syntactic domain , but also used in other areas of the speech chain , e.g .

The chart framework permits any of these strategies to be implemented .
the chart [structure] permits any of these strategies to be implemented .

This interaction is under the control of the Chart parser : an existing framework which allows the exploration of various search strategies and input conditions .
this interaction is under the control of the chart parser : an existing [structure] which allows the exploration of various search strategies and input conditions .

The general and flexible nature of the framework ensures that no design decisions made early on in the course of development are irrevocable at a later date .
the general and flexible nature of the [structure] ensures that no design decisions made early on in the course of development are irrevocable at a later date .

There are many examples of these intermediate works , such as a specialized accounting system for a particular type of business , builders ' estimating systems , or a music synthesizer designed to produce music from a basic framework of notes entered by the user and expert systems .
there are many examples of these intermediate works , such as a specialized accounting system for a particular type of business , builders ' estimating systems , or a music synthesizer designed to produce music from a basic [structure] of notes entered by the user and expert systems .

The action programme associated with the Social Charter also seeks the " continuation and development of dialogue with the social partners " and consideration of the need for collective agreements at the European level . But is there a need to establish a European framework of industrial relations ?
the action programme associated with the social charter also seeks the " continuation and development of dialogue with the social partners " and consideration of the need for collective agreements at the european level . but is there a need to establish a european [structure] of industrial relations ?

But whatever the direction the Community legislative framework takes , both sides of industry have been involved in the development of Community social policy from its inception .
but whatever the direction the community legislative [structure] takes , both sides of industry have been involved in the development of community social policy from its inception .

As their name implies , National Vocational Qualifications are intended to provide a national framework of qualifications which are easily understood by trainees and employers .
as their name implies , national vocational qualifications are intended to provide a national [structure] of qualifications which are easily understood by trainees and employers .

The advantage of the new system from the employer 's point of view is that it provides a completely flexible framework of qualifications based on nationally accepted standards .
the advantage of the new system from the employer 's point of view is that it provides a completely flexible [structure] of qualifications based on nationally accepted standards .

The explanations given above provide the general framework of analysis to which the various actual uses of to before the infinitive will be referred in this study .
the explanations given above provide the general [structure] of analysis to which the various actual uses of to before the infinitive will be referred in this study .

Overlooking the causal nature of meaning with respect to usage leads here to obvious circularity within the formal framework however : to is first defined as necessary to support a clausal complement with no discussion of the data which contradict this postulate ( cf She helped lift him out of the bed ; You 've missed things .
overlooking the causal nature of meaning with respect to usage leads here to obvious circularity within the formal [structure] however : to is first defined as necessary to support a clausal complement with no discussion of the data which contradict this postulate ( cf she helped lift him out of the bed ; you 've missed things .

As a means of answering this question , the predicative function of the verb can be situated in the much more general framework of a mechanism which seems fundamental to all words that evoke a lexical content .
as a means of answering this question , the predicative function of the verb can be situated in the much more general [structure] of a mechanism which seems fundamental to all words that evoke a lexical content .

The methodology employed has three basic elements : a literature review to establish the necessary conceptual framework ; the collection of existing data from relevant sources ; an empirical study of Glasgow University , Glasgow Polytechnic and Paisley College of Technology , with some comparison of their treatment of non-traditional students .
the methodology employed has three basic elements : a literature review to establish the necessary conceptual [structure] ; the collection of existing data from relevant sources ; an empirical study of glasgow university , glasgow polytechnic and paisley college of technology , with some comparison of their treatment of non-traditional students .

The focus is placed on the user 's information needs and overall searching behaviour in order to build a conceptual framework for qualitative research on the use and evaluation of online catalogues .
the focus is placed on the user 's information needs and overall searching behaviour in order to build a conceptual [structure] for qualitative research on the use and evaluation of online catalogues .

Figure 2.2 represents a model of the information-seeking activity in a library and provides a conceptual framework for observing user behaviour .
figure 2.2 represents a model of the information-seeking activity in a library and provides a conceptual [structure] for observing user behaviour .

In cases like the French verb system it is possible to build up a drill containing all the tenses of the verb and all the pronouns within the framework of one drill .
in cases like the french verb system it is possible to build up a drill containing all the tenses of the verb and all the pronouns within the [structure] of one drill .

That is because this satisfaction may fit our limited expectations or current framework .
that is because this satisfaction may fit our limited expectations or current [structure] .

The latter has been extensively studied by Stenson , who suggested a two stage pathogenic framework for inflammatory bowel disease .
the latter has been extensively studied by stenson , who suggested a two stage pathogenic [structure] for inflammatory bowel disease .

Within the framework of the current definition ( a permanent gluten sensitive enteropathy ) , clinical , pathological , epidemiological , and immunological approaches are revealing several forms of coeliac disease .
within the [structure] of the current definition ( a permanent gluten sensitive enteropathy ) , clinical , pathological , epidemiological , and immunological approaches are revealing several forms of coeliac disease .

In order to try to make sense of the potential multitude of factors that might be considered in valuing shares we need a theoretical framework which , although it may be ( and is ) criticized , will give the discussion and analysis a starting point .
in order to try to make sense of the potential multitude of factors that might be considered in valuing shares we need a theoretical [structure] which , although it may be ( and is ) criticized , will give the discussion and analysis a starting point .

For any given product line , projects can be divided into a small number of stages forming the framework of an activity plan which can be expanded in as much detail as desired .
for any given product line , projects can be divided into a small number of stages forming the [structure] of an activity plan which can be expanded in as much detail as desired .

Decisions need an ethical framework .
decisions need an ethical [structure] .

While blithely ignoring this fact , all Mr Clement will say is that ‘ bluntly , the Shadow Cabinet and unions need to get their fingers out — with some expedition — to set the limits of the proposed legal framework ’ .
while blithely ignoring this fact , all mr clement will say is that ‘ bluntly , the shadow cabinet and unions need to get their fingers out — with some expedition — to set the limits of the proposed legal [structure] ’ .

Bluntly , the Shadow Cabinet and unions need to get their fingers out — with some expedition — to set the limits of the proposed legal framework .
bluntly , the shadow cabinet and unions need to get their fingers out — with some expedition — to set the limits of the proposed legal [structure] .

The Government is rightly giving more responsibility to local authorities for planning and decision making , while still providing the necessary framework .
the government is rightly giving more responsibility to local authorities for planning and decision making , while still providing the necessary [structure] .

What has happened in the past half century , apart from the advance of technology , has been the erection of a firm framework of regulation , the appearance of specific safety technologies , such as industrial hygiene , and the advance of the idea that safety can and must be managed .
what has happened in the past half century , apart from the advance of technology , has been the erection of a firm [structure] of regulation , the appearance of specific safety technologies , such as industrial hygiene , and the advance of the idea that safety can and must be managed .

One of the functions of that difficult process is to provide a ritualistic framework within which people can function .
one of the functions of that difficult process is to provide a ritualistic [structure] within which people can function .

The church is the recognized agent of the state for carrying out funerals within a certain framework .
the church is the recognized agent of the state for carrying out funerals within a certain [structure] .

Although , as we have seen , it is possible to step outside this framework , and find an alternative that seems to fit the life style of the person who has died better than a traditional church funeral , in practice it is extremely difficult to do this .
although , as we have seen , it is possible to step outside this [structure] , and find an alternative that seems to fit the life style of the person who has died better than a traditional church funeral , in practice it is extremely difficult to do this .

Hitler was able to offer them a new mass base for the apparent consolidation of their leadership positions within the framework of an authoritarian system , together with the prospect of Germany attaining a position of hegemony within Europe and even world power status .
hitler was able to offer them a new mass base for the apparent consolidation of their leadership positions within the [structure] of an authoritarian system , together with the prospect of germany attaining a position of hegemony within europe and even world power status .

So the truths only partially apprehended in the aspirations of the greatest classical philosophers of Greece find their fulfilment , and correction , in the framework of the Christian faith .
so the truths only partially apprehended in the aspirations of the greatest classical philosophers of greece find their fulfilment , and correction , in the [structure] of the christian faith .

The ‘ Constantinian revolution ’ was far more than the sudden breaking out of peace over the church and demanded a drastic reconstruction of the framework of experience .
the ‘ constantinian revolution ’ was far more than the sudden breaking out of peace over the church and demanded a drastic reconstruction of the [structure] of experience .

More than any other single individual , he created the ecclesiastical framework of what would become Germany .
more than any other single individual , he created the ecclesiastical [structure] of what would become germany .

For example , coins provide the fullest and most systematic source for the names and titles of Roman emperors and may sometimes provide the basic framework for the chronology of their reigns .
for example , coins provide the fullest and most systematic source for the names and titles of roman emperors and may sometimes provide the basic [structure] for the chronology of their reigns .

The framework of analysis was not narrative nor progressive nor dialectical but genealogical .
the [structure] of analysis was not narrative nor progressive nor dialectical but genealogical .

The genealogical framework was the narrative , and it was essentially unconnected with any particular time : it was a sequence which had to be in the right order , and it explained how living people and the loyalties which linked them , came to be .
the genealogical [structure] was the narrative , and it was essentially unconnected with any particular time : it was a sequence which had to be in the right order , and it explained how living people and the loyalties which linked them , came to be .

But resistance to government reorganization was not simply based on self-interest ; what a person 's self-interest was , was defined by institutions and economic expectations , by a social framework which was to some extent traditional and entrenched .
but resistance to government reorganization was not simply based on self-interest ; what a person 's self-interest was , was defined by institutions and economic expectations , by a social [structure] which was to some extent traditional and entrenched .

The first of these concerns the attempt to construct a general theoretical framework in terms of which we can answer the ‘ limited ’ particular questions of the second .
the first of these concerns the attempt to construct a general theoretical [structure] in terms of which we can answer the ‘ limited ’ particular questions of the second .

He also , however , goes some considerable way towards actually producing the fundamental explanatory framework of this science which is a requisite for any ‘ limited ’ inquiry .
he also , however , goes some considerable way towards actually producing the fundamental explanatory [structure] of this science which is a requisite for any ‘ limited ’ inquiry .

The value of this idea can really be judged only by reference to the value of the whole explanatory framework of ‘ indefinite ’ science , at whose basis it lies .
the value of this idea can really be judged only by reference to the value of the whole explanatory [structure] of ‘ indefinite ’ science , at whose basis it lies .

As noted , Hobbes seems undecided whether ‘ physics ’ ( which includes his explanation of sense-perception ) is included , along with geometry and mechanics , as part of the basic explanatory framework which he calls ‘ indefinite ’ science .
as noted , hobbes seems undecided whether ‘ physics ’ ( which includes his explanation of sense-perception ) is included , along with geometry and mechanics , as part of the basic explanatory [structure] which he calls ‘ indefinite ’ science .

Unless we explain in terms of a framework based on the idea of the motions of material body , we are left with ‘ uncertain conjecture ’ .
unless we explain in terms of a [structure] based on the idea of the motions of material body , we are left with ‘ uncertain conjecture ’ .

’ Use of the explanatory framework provided by his ‘ indefinite ’ science , together with the application of the resolutio-compositive method to particular observed phenomena , can only result in a hypothesis about its unobserved generative causes .
’ use of the explanatory [structure] provided by his ‘ indefinite ’ science , together with the application of the resolutio-compositive method to particular observed phenomena , can only result in a hypothesis about its unobserved generative causes .

Apart from its demonstratively worked-out ‘ indefinite ’ framework , natural philosophy is essentially hypothetical .
apart from its demonstratively worked-out ‘ indefinite ’ [structure] , natural philosophy is essentially hypothetical .

The phenomena it explains are given to us in experience ; they are not produced by us , their causes are not directly knowable , and we can only hypothesize , in the terms of our theoretical framework , about what they are .
the phenomena it explains are given to us in experience ; they are not produced by us , their causes are not directly knowable , and we can only hypothesize , in the terms of our theoretical [structure] , about what they are .

The geometrical part of that framework is demonstrable because , says Hobbes , the geometrical shapes which are its objects can be created by ourselves .
the geometrical part of that [structure] is demonstrable because , says hobbes , the geometrical shapes which are its objects can be created by ourselves .

Industry , agriculture , local authorities and commercial developers must all have a clear framework within which to plan and invest .
industry , agriculture , local authorities and commercial developers must all have a clear [structure] within which to plan and invest .

Brian was so thoroughly weak that marriage to Evelyn , dire as it was , was better than no framework to his life , since his working-class parents were children of a lesser god .
brian was so thoroughly weak that marriage to evelyn , dire as it was , was better than no [structure] to his life , since his working-class parents were children of a lesser god .

Carla Hills , his trade representative , who knows an export market when she sees one , is negotiating the framework for a free-trade agreement with the four , who together may be strong enough to strike a tough bargain .
carla hills , his trade representative , who knows an export market when she sees one , is negotiating the [structure] for a free-trade agreement with the four , who together may be strong enough to strike a tough bargain .

In an ideal world the political framework and the broad strategy should have come first ; then the military men would have designed a plan to fit them .
in an ideal world the political [structure] and the broad strategy should have come first ; then the military men would have designed a plan to fit them .

The framework fell on the bird , so it could n't escape .
the [structure] fell on the bird , so it could n't escape .

The boy shook one of the branches that made the framework of the hide .
the boy shook one of the branches that made the [structure] of the hide .

In particular , the cost of bankruptcy depends on the legal and institutional framework for handling it .
in particular , the cost of bankruptcy depends on the legal and institutional [structure] for handling it .

Gaver sees the possibility of establishing a new framework for talking about sound .
gaver sees the possibility of establishing a new [structure] for talking about sound .

The final say in such an administration would rest with the President who is obliged , within the framework of a fourth mandate , to call upon all three party leaders to sink their differences and create a tri-party administration .
the final say in such an administration would rest with the president who is obliged , within the [structure] of a fourth mandate , to call upon all three party leaders to sink their differences and create a tri-party administration .

Add to that arguments over which defence budget benefits most from conventional troop reductions , if as seems likely these are agreed in Vienna in the course of 1990 , and we will find ourselves having to bargain over most of the central issues of foreign policy and public expenditure with our West European partners within the same political and institutional framework .
add to that arguments over which defence budget benefits most from conventional troop reductions , if as seems likely these are agreed in vienna in the course of 1990 , and we will find ourselves having to bargain over most of the central issues of foreign policy and public expenditure with our west european partners within the same political and institutional [structure] .

For much of the post-war era , Nato and the Warsaw Pact provided the military and political framework for East-West relations .
for much of the post-war era , nato and the warsaw pact provided the military and political [structure] for east-west relations .

Although Germany is central to any new European political framework , it must also sustain the other emerging democracies of Eastern Europe .
although germany is central to any new european political [structure] , it must also sustain the other emerging democracies of eastern europe .

This is what so fascinated the European Film Award Jury ( which included myself ) — that conventional thinking about the Provos , the Ascendancy , religion , prostitution and homosexuality were so confidently challenged within the film 's quite conventional framework .
this is what so fascinated the european film award jury ( which included myself ) — that conventional thinking about the provos , the ascendancy , religion , prostitution and homosexuality were so confidently challenged within the film 's quite conventional [structure] .

In other words , it would need to be held in place by a strong political framework .
in other words , it would need to be held in place by a strong political [structure] .

Labour would establish a new Railway Act , encourage a more dynamic style of management , increase government funding and make the railways more accountable through a consumer regulatory framework .
labour would establish a new railway act , encourage a more dynamic style of management , increase government funding and make the railways more accountable through a consumer regulatory [structure] .

The financial framework and policy objectives would be set by a Labour government .
the financial [structure] and policy objectives would be set by a labour government .

Within this novelettish framework the play veers from loopy comedy to serious moralising , from sub-Wildean epigrams ( some of them quite funny ) to horticultural symbolism .
within this novelettish [structure] the play veers from loopy comedy to serious moralising , from sub-wildean epigrams ( some of them quite funny ) to horticultural symbolism .

Mr Lyons said : ‘ We would expect talks with Neil Kinnock , John Smith and Gordon Brown to consider a framework within which manufacturing industry can thrive .
mr lyons said : ‘ we would expect talks with neil kinnock , john smith and gordon brown to consider a [structure] within which manufacturing industry can thrive .

The latest round of re-organisation , launched in 1990 but only completed this month , should provide a framework and spur for further improvement .
the latest round of re-organisation , launched in 1990 but only completed this month , should provide a [structure] and spur for further improvement .

By the time organisms had become sophisticated enough to have hard parts , evolution had already defined the phyla , and the great natural framework for classification had been almost completely constructed .
by the time organisms had become sophisticated enough to have hard parts , evolution had already defined the phyla , and the great natural [structure] for classification had been almost completely constructed .

What is objectionable is that when centralisation takes place within a federal framework , as it always does , the result is a complicated , opaque and unwieldy fudge .
what is objectionable is that when centralisation takes place within a federal [structure] , as it always does , the result is a complicated , opaque and unwieldy fudge .

The trend towards a single government and single parliament was emphasised by the words , ‘ The union shall be served by a single institutional framework .
the trend towards a single government and single parliament was emphasised by the words , ‘ the union shall be served by a single institutional [structure] .

The draft had proposed what was a departure from the Luxembourg proposals of June 1991 in that , amongst many other matters , it firstly would have placed foreign , security and judicial matters within the single framework of the European Community decision making process , together with , secondly , vastly greater powers for the European Parliament .
the draft had proposed what was a departure from the luxembourg proposals of june 1991 in that , amongst many other matters , it firstly would have placed foreign , security and judicial matters within the single [structure] of the european community decision making process , together with , secondly , vastly greater powers for the european parliament .

We will change the ways in which economic policy is made and implemented , to bring greater stability and a sensible framework to economic management — ending the present ‘ boom , bust ’ approach .
we will change the ways in which economic policy is made and implemented , to bring greater stability and a sensible [structure] to economic management — ending the present ‘ boom , bust ’ approach .

Integration within Europe will create the framework for long-term economic strength .
integration within europe will create the [structure] for long-term economic strength .

Put forward plans for a powerful United Nations Environment Programme to lead global efforts to protect the environment , operating within the framework of an ‘ Earth Charter ’ .
put forward plans for a powerful united nations environment programme to lead global efforts to protect the environment , operating within the [structure] of an ‘ earth charter ’ .

Britain 's national energy strategy must be set within an overall European framework , with the aim of reducing pollution , improving energy efficiency and boosting the use of renewables .
britain 's national energy strategy must be set within an overall european [structure] , with the aim of reducing pollution , improving energy efficiency and boosting the use of renewables .

Create the framework for high standards by establishing a single Department of education and Training with oversight of all education and training .
create the [structure] for high standards by establishing a single department of education and training with oversight of all education and training .

Now we aim to increase further the day-to-day independence of schools and colleges within a democratically accountable framework of local education authorities .
now we aim to increase further the day-to-day independence of schools and colleges within a democratically accountable [structure] of local education authorities .

We will provide a statutory framework of protection , including employee representation on occupational pension trusts .
we will provide a statutory [structure] of protection , including employee representation on occupational pension trusts .

Develop a pan-European security framework .
develop a pan-european security [structure] .

Create the framework for regional government in England .
create the [structure] for regional government in england .

Wilding ( 1981 ) provides a trenchant account of this critique in the wider framework of all the social welfare professions but much of what he has to say rings many uncomfortable bells in our schools .
wilding ( 1981 ) provides a trenchant account of this critique in the wider [structure] of all the social welfare professions but much of what he has to say rings many uncomfortable bells in our schools .

The managerial implications are profound in many ways but above all a management framework must be created which facilitates such relationships in the first place and then allows them to flourish .
the managerial implications are profound in many ways but above all a management [structure] must be created which facilitates such relationships in the first place and then allows them to flourish .

Running parallel to the changes in the legislative framework , there is a change in the relationship between schools and their immediate environment .
running parallel to the changes in the legislative [structure] , there is a change in the relationship between schools and their immediate environment .

The areas discussed in these five sections have provided a framework which helps to understand the basic dimensions of management information .
the areas discussed in these five sections have provided a [structure] which helps to understand the basic dimensions of management information .

a practical framework for school planning .
a practical [structure] for school planning .

If objectives are understood by all staff in a school , they will help to form a framework on which the activities can be based .
if objectives are understood by all staff in a school , they will help to form a [structure] on which the activities can be based .

It is easier to do this if one can switch course , yet still be working within the framework of broad objectives .
it is easier to do this if one can switch course , yet still be working within the [structure] of broad objectives .

It gives an advantage over competitors because it provides a flexible , forward-looking framework on which to base activities .
it gives an advantage over competitors because it provides a flexible , forward-looking [structure] on which to base activities .

It provides for greater control as it gives a framework for monitoring and evaluating .
it provides for greater control as it gives a [structure] for monitoring and evaluating .

Initially , the changing context and framework of resource management in the 1990s will be considered .
initially , the changing context and [structure] of resource management in the 1990s will be considered .

As a facilitator of management activities this imposes an opportunity — cost framework in that it encourages the reappraising of how differing expenditure patterns can best make a contribution to achieving organisational objectives .
as a facilitator of management activities this imposes an opportunity — cost [structure] in that it encourages the reappraising of how differing expenditure patterns can best make a contribution to achieving organisational objectives .

The key elements of the political approach identified earlier in the chapter , those of incremental budgetary approaches , micropolitical factors and satisficing behaviour of groups , can be set in the following framework to provide factors that can be used as indicators of the existence of political decision-making processes :
the key elements of the political approach identified earlier in the chapter , those of incremental budgetary approaches , micropolitical factors and satisficing behaviour of groups , can be set in the following [structure] to provide factors that can be used as indicators of the existence of political decision-making processes :

These key factors combine with the seven functions of budgets to produce the framework shown in Figure 4.5 .
these key factors combine with the seven functions of budgets to produce the [structure] shown in figure 4.5 .

In each of the seven categories the rational and political model indicators provide a framework for analysing the budgetary approach that is being used in a particular school .
in each of the seven categories the rational and political model indicators provide a [structure] for analysing the budgetary approach that is being used in a particular school .

This analytical framework is used to assess practice in the following case study of a secondary school where the distribution of capitation allowances is a microcosm of resource behaviour .
this analytical [structure] is used to assess practice in the following case study of a secondary school where the distribution of capitation allowances is a microcosm of resource behaviour .

This problem is best approached by a distribution of money to departments which reflects their needs within the framework of meeting the overall school aims .
this problem is best approached by a distribution of money to departments which reflects their needs within the [structure] of meeting the overall school aims .

It should not consist merely of spending money , in terms of the framework established earlier .
it should not consist merely of spending money , in terms of the [structure] established earlier .

This , in itself , can develop a framework of trust within the school .
this , in itself , can develop a [structure] of trust within the school .

The formula framework promises a rational approach but , in fact , the contrary may be the case .
the formula [structure] promises a rational approach but , in fact , the contrary may be the case .

Therefore , it can be seen that the application of the rational and political framework is a valuable way of identifying the underlying approach to budgeting in a school .
therefore , it can be seen that the application of the rational and political [structure] is a valuable way of identifying the underlying approach to budgeting in a school .

Maslow 's model is obviously not empirically based but , even as the basis of a conceptual framework for managing staff , it has severe limitations :
maslow 's model is obviously not empirically based but , even as the basis of a conceptual [structure] for managing staff , it has severe limitations :

There will be a fair framework of law for both employers and unions .
there will be a fair [structure] of law for both employers and unions .

Most of it makes up the timber framework of the trees .
most of it makes up the timber [structure] of the trees .

School plays can not be produced within such a framework .
school plays can not be produced within such a [structure] .

This is but one way of reminding ourselves what an extraordinarily good job they did of the ‘ conceptual framework ’ , as they called it .
this is but one way of reminding ourselves what an extraordinarily good job they did of the ‘ conceptual [structure] ’ , as they called it .

We will establish a review of the framework of law and regulation within which occupational schemes operate .
we will establish a review of the [structure] of law and regulation within which occupational schemes operate .

We will consult on our recently published draft planning policy guidance designed to provide a clear framework for decisions on developments to aid tourism .
we will consult on our recently published draft planning policy guidance designed to provide a clear [structure] for decisions on developments to aid tourism .

Scotland has its own framework for the encouragement of enterprise , investment and training ; its own education system which continues to excel , with more pupils leaving school better qualified and more going on to further and higher education ; its own health budgets which deliver high standards of care ; and its own glorious inheritance of buildings and countryside .
scotland has its own [structure] for the encouragement of enterprise , investment and training ; its own education system which continues to excel , with more pupils leaving school better qualified and more going on to further and higher education ; its own health budgets which deliver high standards of care ; and its own glorious inheritance of buildings and countryside .

Boards are simply nailed to a timber framework on the walls , positioned so that the edges and centres of each board are supported .
boards are simply nailed to a timber [structure] on the walls , positioned so that the edges and centres of each board are supported .

Building a convincing verbal presentation means developing a framework .
building a convincing verbal presentation means developing a [structure] .

Another powerful technique is to begin your presentation by explaining simply the framework or structure you are adopting .
another powerful technique is to begin your presentation by explaining simply the [structure] or structure you are adopting .

Finally a framework which stretches back to distant school days but which retains its validity is that your presentation must have a clear beginning , a middle and an end .
finally a [structure] which stretches back to distant school days but which retains its validity is that your presentation must have a clear beginning , a middle and an end .

But if you are to leave your audience not merely entertained but also convinced , each word picture must have a purpose and be built into the logical framework so that the latter would be noticeably weaker without it .
but if you are to leave your audience not merely entertained but also convinced , each word picture must have a purpose and be built into the logical [structure] so that the latter would be noticeably weaker without it .

Read it aloud half a dozen times then try to set down the framework and some key ‘ trigger words ’ on half a dozen index cards .
read it aloud half a dozen times then try to set down the [structure] and some key ‘ trigger words ’ on half a dozen index cards .

The book owes its title and framework to Bunyan , but it is much more satirical in tone and purpose than The Pilgrim 's Progress .
the book owes its title and [structure] to bunyan , but it is much more satirical in tone and purpose than the pilgrim 's progress .

The script , about a soldier taken out of the trenches not , as he fears , to be shot , but to organize an army concert party , is just a rudimentary framework within which to present a number of variety turns .
the script , about a soldier taken out of the trenches not , as he fears , to be shot , but to organize an army concert party , is just a rudimentary [structure] within which to present a number of variety turns .

Made from bamboo poles , which are exceptionally strong , the framework of this suite is bleached and then whitewashed for a unique finish .
made from bamboo poles , which are exceptionally strong , the [structure] of this suite is bleached and then whitewashed for a unique finish .

Insert the flower sprigs into the foam , within the general framework .
insert the flower sprigs into the foam , within the general [structure] .

But underlying the oddities is a competent musical framework ; all six have reached either grade five or six in the conventional music syllabus .
but underlying the oddities is a competent musical [structure] ; all six have reached either grade five or six in the conventional music syllabus .

In Southend , where 3,000 of the 50,000 adult males are reckoned to be Masons , it went into the case of what you might call Preferential Allocation of Council Property , and the battle of one councillor , Christopher Hudson , to break the grip of the men on the Square : ‘ We ca n't have a secret society operating within the framework of a democracy , ’ he said .
in southend , where 3,000 of the 50,000 adult males are reckoned to be masons , it went into the case of what you might call preferential allocation of council property , and the battle of one councillor , christopher hudson , to break the grip of the men on the square : ‘ we ca n't have a secret society operating within the [structure] of a democracy , ’ he said .

As this is the framework , the issue will be a roaring success .
as this is the [structure] , the issue will be a roaring success .

The accountancy profession rightly argues that the cost of establishing a new independent standards setting framework should be met , in part , out of the public purse .
the accountancy profession rightly argues that the cost of establishing a new independent standards setting [structure] should be met , in part , out of the public purse .

All the egg producers wanted was a ‘ fair hearing ’ and to establish a workable framework for testing flocks and protecting public health .
all the egg producers wanted was a ‘ fair hearing ’ and to establish a workable [structure] for testing flocks and protecting public health .

But Walter Merricks , assistant secretary general at the Law Society , said : ‘ We have urged the Government to think again about the framework .
but walter merricks , assistant secretary general at the law society , said : ‘ we have urged the government to think again about the [structure] .

On the engraving of the picture made by Gisbert van Geen in 1588 , for which Pozzoferrato supplied the ornamental framework and which Ridolfi reproduced in his biography , Tintoretto is described as being seventy years old .
on the engraving of the picture made by gisbert van geen in 1588 , for which pozzoferrato supplied the ornamental [structure] and which ridolfi reproduced in his biography , tintoretto is described as being seventy years old .

Except that ( and this is decisive in regard to the situation of the one-idea painter ) his format was private — almost , one might say , the framework of another self , or of himself in another form — and unavailable to others .
except that ( and this is decisive in regard to the situation of the one-idea painter ) his format was private — almost , one might say , the [structure] of another self , or of himself in another form — and unavailable to others .

Secondly , a failure to perceive the pattern may also occur because we lack within our theoretical base the conceptual framework that would enable us to grasp the structure that is potentially available , given the observations that we have made already .
secondly , a failure to perceive the pattern may also occur because we lack within our theoretical base the conceptual [structure] that would enable us to grasp the structure that is potentially available , given the observations that we have made already .

For example , we apparently only came to some understanding of how the heart worked when we had within our conceptual framework the notion of a pump .
for example , we apparently only came to some understanding of how the heart worked when we had within our conceptual [structure] the notion of a pump .

This is now so widely accepted that it seems less like a theory , or even a theoretical framework , than a piece of common sense ; and in one form or another it encompasses the views of the majority of Anglo-American philosophers and neuroscientists about the basis of consciousness or , at the very least , of perception .
this is now so widely accepted that it seems less like a theory , or even a theoretical [structure] , than a piece of common sense ; and in one form or another it encompasses the views of the majority of anglo-american philosophers and neuroscientists about the basis of consciousness or , at the very least , of perception .

The main task of sensory neurophysiology has been to establish in more precise detail how ‘ the diversity of working produceth diversity of experience ’ — the modern term for which is ‘ coding of sensory information ’ . The framework for the investigation of ‘ sensory coding ’ was established in the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries , when the business of explaining perception was transformed into the more specific project of correlating the physical properties of perceived objects and events with patterns of activity in the nervous system and the latter with the subjective properties of the experience :
the main task of sensory neurophysiology has been to establish in more precise detail how ‘ the diversity of working produceth diversity of experience ’ — the modern term for which is ‘ coding of sensory information ’ . the [structure] for the investigation of ‘ sensory coding ’ was established in the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries , when the business of explaining perception was transformed into the more specific project of correlating the physical properties of perceived objects and events with patterns of activity in the nervous system and the latter with the subjective properties of the experience :

This early framework for sensory physiology — of a piece with the Hobbesian idea of ‘ the organ proper to each sense ’ — has undergone a good deal of refinement .
this early [structure] for sensory physiology — of a piece with the hobbesian idea of ‘ the organ proper to each sense ’ — has undergone a good deal of refinement .

’ The indefinite article may be suggested by the broad ‘ mythological ’ framework ; he still disliked ‘ the god of their cult ’ !
’ the indefinite article may be suggested by the broad ‘ mythological ’ [structure] ; he still disliked ‘ the god of their cult ’ !

As Eversley ( 1989 ) has recently shown , while only 2 per cent of Roman catholics hold managerial and professional positions compared with 4 per cent of protestants , they are over-represented in the bottom third of the Northern class structure , but generally within the framework of a traditional dual protestant — catholic labour market .
as eversley ( 1989 ) has recently shown , while only 2 per cent of roman catholics hold managerial and professional positions compared with 4 per cent of protestants , they are over-represented in the bottom third of the northern class structure , but generally within the [structure] of a traditional dual protestant — catholic labour market .

Alternative readings or critical analysis of this entrenched reverence for a rule of law ( which at times may well be out of step with a wider interpretation of ambiguous social behaviour ) smacks of subversion simply because it denies the primacy of the institutional framework .
alternative readings or critical analysis of this entrenched reverence for a rule of law ( which at times may well be out of step with a wider interpretation of ambiguous social behaviour ) smacks of subversion simply because it denies the primacy of the institutional [structure] .

Quite often the divisional boundaries in the amalgamated force mirror the old , small force boundaries and men define themselves in relation to their early experience with perhaps an inner city ethic , a large-town police style , or in the framework of a more rural situation .
quite often the divisional boundaries in the amalgamated force mirror the old , small force boundaries and men define themselves in relation to their early experience with perhaps an inner city ethic , a large-town police style , or in the [structure] of a more rural situation .

He argues that the body is an ideal vehicle for representing and symbolizing coherent models of experience and , at times , presents an intense framework for cultural expression .
he argues that the body is an ideal vehicle for representing and symbolizing coherent models of experience and , at times , presents an intense [structure] for cultural expression .

Through the daily use of our special knowledge of the counter-culture , we were forced to acknowledge and come to grips with many of the complex social factors surrounding some drug use , which a legal framework could never adequately encompass .
through the daily use of our special knowledge of the counter-culture , we were forced to acknowledge and come to grips with many of the complex social factors surrounding some drug use , which a legal [structure] could never adequately encompass .

In this article you 'll find guidelines and a training framework around which you can build your own effective schedule without the help of a personal coach or adviser .
in this article you 'll find guidelines and a training [structure] around which you can build your own effective schedule without the help of a personal coach or adviser .

Such a plan will inevitably be modified , but it does provide a framework on which to build .
such a plan will inevitably be modified , but it does provide a [structure] on which to build .

It carried through , under Clement Attlee as Prime Minister , a wide range of reforms and established a framework of government and welfare which survived unchallenged until the 1980s .
it carried through , under clement attlee as prime minister , a wide range of reforms and established a [structure] of government and welfare which survived unchallenged until the 1980s .

The early hope was that the Council would help this process by encouraging and disseminating good practice , and by providing a broad framework within which diversity would flourish .
the early hope was that the council would help this process by encouraging and disseminating good practice , and by providing a broad [structure] within which diversity would flourish .

The school day should be extended for older pupils , with many activities currently classed as voluntary or extra-curricular brought within the normal working framework of the school timetable .
the school day should be extended for older pupils , with many activities currently classed as voluntary or extra-curricular brought within the normal working [structure] of the school timetable .

The Author has staggered from the deathbed , so is it time for critical analysis to pay attention to real people 's lived lives , their traceable , material existences ? If so , there is much rethinking to be done , for the theoretical paradigms that have dominated the last twenty years have nothing resembling an adequate critical framework for dealing with a factor as flagrantly nonabstract , as defiantly corporeal , as embarrassingly tangible as this .
the author has staggered from the deathbed , so is it time for critical analysis to pay attention to real people 's lived lives , their traceable , material existences ? if so , there is much rethinking to be done , for the theoretical paradigms that have dominated the last twenty years have nothing resembling an adequate critical [structure] for dealing with a factor as flagrantly nonabstract , as defiantly corporeal , as embarrassingly tangible as this .

In judging a living thing , other imponderables also come into play , which only the trained eye of an experienced judge can correctly assess within the framework of the total picture .
in judging a living thing , other imponderables also come into play , which only the trained eye of an experienced judge can correctly assess within the [structure] of the total picture .

The principles and framework of the scheme were ‘ completely unchanged .
the principles and [structure] of the scheme were ‘ completely unchanged .

‘ Following this decision , the Community will have for the first time a single framework within which takeovers and mergers of a Community dimension can be dealt with , recognising the importance of maintaining fair competition throughout the single market .
‘ following this decision , the community will have for the first time a single [structure] within which takeovers and mergers of a community dimension can be dealt with , recognising the importance of maintaining fair competition throughout the single market .

Lord Donaldson described the measure as ‘ fatally flawed ’ and attacked the framework for consultation and approval of the rules as a ‘ choreographed quadrille ’ .
lord donaldson described the measure as ‘ fatally flawed ’ and attacked the [structure] for consultation and approval of the rules as a ‘ choreographed quadrille ’ .

Because this is England 's last match for at least 3 ½ months , Robson had to balance his desire to try out a few options with the need to retain the basic framework of his World Cup team .
because this is england 's last match for at least 3 ½ months , robson had to balance his desire to try out a few options with the need to retain the basic [structure] of his world cup team .

Europe was a ‘ vocation ’ for Germans , and within a European framework reunification would be acceptable .
europe was a ‘ vocation ’ for germans , and within a european [structure] reunification would be acceptable .

As Chancellor of the Exchequer , Nigel Lawson considerably modified the tax framework in which life assurance and pensions schemes operated , removing for instance the tax relief on life insurance premiums .
as chancellor of the exchequer , nigel lawson considerably modified the tax [structure] in which life assurance and pensions schemes operated , removing for instance the tax relief on life insurance premiums .

Mr John MacGregor , the Education Secretary , said the decision would not alter the principles , objectives or framework of the scheme as outlined in the Education ( Student Loans ) Bill currently going through Parliament .
mr john macgregor , the education secretary , said the decision would not alter the principles , objectives or [structure] of the scheme as outlined in the education ( student loans ) bill currently going through parliament .

Chemicals : The Government plans further controls later over chemicals to form a legal framework for the systematic evaluation of potentially harmful effects of industrial chemicals on health and the environment .
chemicals : the government plans further controls later over chemicals to form a legal [structure] for the systematic evaluation of potentially harmful effects of industrial chemicals on health and the environment .

They also add a new idea to the framework .
they also add a new idea to the [structure] .

Legal framework of international marketing
legal [structure] of international marketing

6 Legal framework of international marketing
6 legal [structure] of international marketing

International law can be defined as the framework of legal obligations which states view as being binding upon themselves .
international law can be defined as the [structure] of legal obligations which states view as being binding upon themselves .

The research framework should be constructed to provide comparability of findings between one country and another .
the research [structure] should be constructed to provide comparability of findings between one country and another .

It facilitated Britain 's surprisingly rapid re-emergence as a major capital exporter , and it provided a framework for a major squeeze on the colonies .
it facilitated britain 's surprisingly rapid re-emergence as a major capital exporter , and it provided a [structure] for a major squeeze on the colonies .

There is little sign that the government was able to find the time or the inclination to assess sceptically the framework within which balance-of-payments policy was conducted .
there is little sign that the government was able to find the time or the inclination to assess sceptically the [structure] within which balance-of-payments policy was conducted .

Conservatism , he argues , is essentially ‘ the persistent image of society as a command structure in which the responsibilities of leadership can be exercised within the framework of a strong State ’ , and it is this ‘ that distinguishes English Conservatism from rival ideologies ’ .
conservatism , he argues , is essentially ‘ the persistent image of society as a command structure in which the responsibilities of leadership can be exercised within the [structure] of a strong state ’ , and it is this ‘ that distinguishes english conservatism from rival ideologies ’ .

In fact it seems to this reviewer that Quinton 's framework offers essential support for Eccleshall 's vision of Conservatism , in that the axioms Quinton describes provide for a specifically Conservative conception of political authority and social discipline .
in fact it seems to this reviewer that quinton 's [structure] offers essential support for eccleshall 's vision of conservatism , in that the axioms quinton describes provide for a specifically conservative conception of political authority and social discipline .

Coetzee , describing the leagues as part of a Conservative effort to get to grips with mass politics and the ‘ new religion ’ of socialism , explains the timing of their appearance on the grounds that prior to the 1890s ‘ the Conservatives had no need of recourse to such pressure groups because they already possessed access to institutions adequate for the defence of their interests within the existing sociopolitical framework ’ .
coetzee , describing the leagues as part of a conservative effort to get to grips with mass politics and the ‘ new religion ’ of socialism , explains the timing of their appearance on the grounds that prior to the 1890s ‘ the conservatives had no need of recourse to such pressure groups because they already possessed access to institutions adequate for the defence of their interests within the existing sociopolitical [structure] ’ .

It is here that Coetzee 's work suffers from the lack of a more ambitious comparative framework , Coetzee 's work on the Conservative leagues is similar to Geoffrey Eley 's analysis of the German ‘ radical right ’ before 1914 .
it is here that coetzee 's work suffers from the lack of a more ambitious comparative [structure] , coetzee 's work on the conservative leagues is similar to geoffrey eley 's analysis of the german ‘ radical right ’ before 1914 .

His economic theorizing , which remained at this period within the framework of neo-classical doctrine , was driven by policy considerations .
his economic theorizing , which remained at this period within the [structure] of neo-classical doctrine , was driven by policy considerations .

His account is intended to provide the structural and analytical framework for two companion volumes ( Uncertain Unions and Broken Lives ) which will give more illustration of the making and breaking of marriage .
his account is intended to provide the structural and analytical [structure] for two companion volumes ( uncertain unions and broken lives ) which will give more illustration of the making and breaking of marriage .

At that time after the conquest there was effectively no ‘ thought ’ ( recorded discourse ) outside the religious framework and institutions .
at that time after the conquest there was effectively no ‘ thought ’ ( recorded discourse ) outside the religious [structure] and institutions .

Inside this framework the existing modern sector may well struggle for survival .
inside this [structure] the existing modern sector may well struggle for survival .

This has been done to demonstrate that the charitable assets of the Association are being utilised within an appropriate framework that is acceptable to the Charity Commission .
this has been done to demonstrate that the charitable assets of the association are being utilised within an appropriate [structure] that is acceptable to the charity commission .

As a symbolic act it was of much importance since it offered the prospect of a framework for a wider Anglo-Irish settlement and provided a hope of genuine political involvement for the Catholic minority in Northern Ireland , not in a failed local assembly but through their co-religionists in the south .
as a symbolic act it was of much importance since it offered the prospect of a [structure] for a wider anglo-irish settlement and provided a hope of genuine political involvement for the catholic minority in northern ireland , not in a failed local assembly but through their co-religionists in the south .

Styles of commentary , methods of editing , programming schedules , and the interspersing of sport with other subjects all contribute to establishing national styles within the framework of a common technology .
styles of commentary , methods of editing , programming schedules , and the interspersing of sport with other subjects all contribute to establishing national styles within the [structure] of a common technology .

If sport was ‘ a good thing ’ , then the state should provide for it within the framework of the welfare state along with health and education .
if sport was ‘ a good thing ’ , then the state should provide for it within the [structure] of the welfare state along with health and education .

First , there was no effective imposition of middle-class games on urban workers in the name of ‘ social control ’ or ‘ rational recreation ’ ; second , a distinct and introverted tradition of sport grew up combining old-established popular traditions within a more systematic national framework .
first , there was no effective imposition of middle-class games on urban workers in the name of ‘ social control ’ or ‘ rational recreation ’ ; second , a distinct and introverted tradition of sport grew up combining old-established popular traditions within a more systematic national [structure] .

But for Eliot now the choice was not between civilized and primitive society but between Christian , non-Christian , and anti-Christian orders.a Anthropology links with Conrad to counter the optimistic vision of a modern noble savagery , but the whole is seen in a new , explicitly Christian framework .
but for eliot now the choice was not between civilized and primitive society but between christian , non-christian , and anti-christian orders.a anthropology links with conrad to counter the optimistic vision of a modern noble savagery , but the whole is seen in a new , explicitly christian [structure] .

The creation of the legal framework has ended the ‘ voluntarist ’ tradition that has dominated industrial relations in the twentieth century .
the creation of the legal [structure] has ended the ‘ voluntarist ’ tradition that has dominated industrial relations in the twentieth century .

These include the reduction in the legal immunities and rights of trade unions , rejection of formal incomes policy , and the tripartite style of decisionmaking , according priority to the abatement of inflation , even with unemployment at over three million , privatization of state industries and services , changes in the framework in which many public services are carried out , interventions in local government structure and imposition of far-reaching controls over its finance , changes in the welfare state , and open hostility to the civil service and large parts of the public sector .
these include the reduction in the legal immunities and rights of trade unions , rejection of formal incomes policy , and the tripartite style of decisionmaking , according priority to the abatement of inflation , even with unemployment at over three million , privatization of state industries and services , changes in the [structure] in which many public services are carried out , interventions in local government structure and imposition of far-reaching controls over its finance , changes in the welfare state , and open hostility to the civil service and large parts of the public sector .

If so , then there is a sense in which homophobia may feed itself , securing the framework ( sexual difference ) which promotes and intensifies its displacement as anger .
if so , then there is a sense in which homophobia may feed itself , securing the [structure] ( sexual difference ) which promotes and intensifies its displacement as anger .

His argument deploys the old jargon of authenticity , now combined with the jargon of otherness ; despite his Hegelian framework , Scruton deploys this jargon as an exalted metaphor which does little more than bestow a spurious profundity on a normative sexual politics which is at heart timid , conservative , and deeply ignorant .
his argument deploys the old jargon of authenticity , now combined with the jargon of otherness ; despite his hegelian [structure] , scruton deploys this jargon as an exalted metaphor which does little more than bestow a spurious profundity on a normative sexual politics which is at heart timid , conservative , and deeply ignorant .

There is an analogy here with working-class culture , black and white , where masculinity has also been a source of resistance , but once again at the expense of ratifying a larger exploitative framework for men as well as women .
there is an analogy here with working-class culture , black and white , where masculinity has also been a source of resistance , but once again at the expense of ratifying a larger exploitative [structure] for men as well as women .

The Royal Commission on the Press ( 1977 ) wanted to ‘ transplant the public service rationale of broadcasting to the press , but was opposed to the framework of public regulation that underpins it ’ ( Curran and Seaton , 1985 , p. 297 ) .
the royal commission on the press ( 1977 ) wanted to ‘ transplant the public service rationale of broadcasting to the press , but was opposed to the [structure] of public regulation that underpins it ’ ( curran and seaton , 1985 , p. 297 ) .

Marx accepted this general point implicitly though he nowhere discussed it in full [ Krader , 1972:36 ] and it was to offer a framework to much of his later writing .
marx accepted this general point implicitly though he nowhere discussed it in full [ krader , 1972:36 ] and it was to offer a [structure] to much of his later writing .

Marx seems to be answering unnamed conservative critics who would argue that if you do not have private property and the politico-legal framework to ensure its enjoyment you will have chaos ; people would lose all incentive to produce , there would be no law except the law of the strongest , the economy could not be organized , there would be no individual security , murder and theft would be the order of the day .
marx seems to be answering unnamed conservative critics who would argue that if you do not have private property and the politico-legal [structure] to ensure its enjoyment you will have chaos ; people would lose all incentive to produce , there would be no law except the law of the strongest , the economy could not be organized , there would be no individual security , murder and theft would be the order of the day .

An overall difference of impression between Marx 's notes and Engels 's book is that in the case of the notebooks Morgan 's framework is totally subordinated to Marx 's wider concerns , while in Engels 's book we get the impression that Morgan , for great chunks of the book , actually takes over Engels .
an overall difference of impression between marx 's notes and engels 's book is that in the case of the notebooks morgan 's [structure] is totally subordinated to marx 's wider concerns , while in engels 's book we get the impression that morgan , for great chunks of the book , actually takes over engels .

This bold hypothesis would still be accepted by many anthropologists and historians , and even those who have tried to refute it are still working within its framework .
this bold hypothesis would still be accepted by many anthropologists and historians , and even those who have tried to refute it are still working within its [structure] .

It is wholly unreal for anyone to imagine that such an issue , which he merely describes as ‘ adjusting the democratic framework to suit new circumstances ’ can be so lightly put to one side .
it is wholly unreal for anyone to imagine that such an issue , which he merely describes as ‘ adjusting the democratic [structure] to suit new circumstances ’ can be so lightly put to one side .

Under the legal framework employers would also be prevented from winning interim injunctions to stop disruption backed by lawful ballots .
under the legal [structure] employers would also be prevented from winning interim injunctions to stop disruption backed by lawful ballots .

Rather , the story acts as a framework for a series of ornamental tours de force .
rather , the story acts as a [structure] for a series of ornamental tours de force .

Two further things are important ; that the learning should be free from lectures and exams , and that a strong cultural and social thread should be embodied within the learning framework .
two further things are important ; that the learning should be free from lectures and exams , and that a strong cultural and social thread should be embodied within the learning [structure] .

This broad framework , and more especially the premises to enable such gatherings to be facilitated , seem to be absent in Scotland as a whole , and within the context of the Highlands in particular .
this broad [structure] , and more especially the premises to enable such gatherings to be facilitated , seem to be absent in scotland as a whole , and within the context of the highlands in particular .

The scientific programme for the Autumn meeting will consist of symposia and group sessions within the framework of the meeting as follows :
the scientific programme for the autumn meeting will consist of symposia and group sessions within the [structure] of the meeting as follows :

Energies were devoted to the practicability of maintaining the existing framework of provision , and , not least , the ability to respond to an exceptional anticipated demand from a heavy concentration of military personnel throughout the strategically important counties of East Anglia .
energies were devoted to the practicability of maintaining the existing [structure] of provision , and , not least , the ability to respond to an exceptional anticipated demand from a heavy concentration of military personnel throughout the strategically important counties of east anglia .

In Essex , the framework for organisation and provision was in the hands of Douglas-Smith who with the assistance of two young women graduates and various part-time tutors expanded the District 's course provision from nineteen classes in 1939–40 to almost fifty by the end of the war .
in essex , the [structure] for organisation and provision was in the hands of douglas-smith who with the assistance of two young women graduates and various part-time tutors expanded the district 's course provision from nineteen classes in 1939–40 to almost fifty by the end of the war .

‘ The sock is a highly sensitive conjugal object , ’ he declares in La Trame Conjugale ( a cunning title ; la trame means framework , it can also mean linen ) .
‘ the sock is a highly sensitive conjugal object , ’ he declares in la trame conjugale ( a cunning title ; la trame means [structure] , it can also mean linen ) .

Furthermore , the social , cultural and economic framework within which production takes place , gives rise to part- or wholetime involvement in agriculture , differences in economic expectations and in the role and value of agricultural systems .
furthermore , the social , cultural and economic [structure] within which production takes place , gives rise to part- or wholetime involvement in agriculture , differences in economic expectations and in the role and value of agricultural systems .

This non-punitive paradigm will provide a framework for contrasting the efficacy of current practice with future plans inappropriately to transform probation work into ‘ a new approach to punishment in the community ’ ( p. 18 , para .
this non-punitive paradigm will provide a [structure] for contrasting the efficacy of current practice with future plans inappropriately to transform probation work into ‘ a new approach to punishment in the community ’ ( p. 18 , para .

Valium use , furthermore , focuses on individual malfunctioning : social and economic problems are dealt with in a framework of a medical model of relief of individual distress , alleviating symptoms rather than operating in a social context which may require familial or wider social change .
valium use , furthermore , focuses on individual malfunctioning : social and economic problems are dealt with in a [structure] of a medical model of relief of individual distress , alleviating symptoms rather than operating in a social context which may require familial or wider social change .

Although they do constitute a basis for a future development policy it is only realistic to recognise that they are , in some respects at least , contradictory to the conceptual framework of present policies and planning approaches .
although they do constitute a basis for a future development policy it is only realistic to recognise that they are , in some respects at least , contradictory to the conceptual [structure] of present policies and planning approaches .

This framework must change if action is to be effective .
this [structure] must change if action is to be effective .

Such action does not determine what economic activities should be undertaken , but it does provide a framework for discovering and solving problems common to the community as a whole .
such action does not determine what economic activities should be undertaken , but it does provide a [structure] for discovering and solving problems common to the community as a whole .

Institutions established outside the normal administrative structures having broad responsibilities for regional or area development provide at least a theoretical framework able to ensure a degree of coordination between sectoral government agencies .
institutions established outside the normal administrative structures having broad responsibilities for regional or area development provide at least a theoretical [structure] able to ensure a degree of coordination between sectoral government agencies .

The true basis of the cation selectivity of zeolites is not completely understood but can usually be explained in terms of the specific molecular architecture of the zeolite frameworks ( always large enough to accommodate caesium ) , the relative amount of silicon and aluminium in the zeolite framework , and the hydration state of the cations .
the true basis of the cation selectivity of zeolites is not completely understood but can usually be explained in terms of the specific molecular architecture of the zeolite frameworks ( always large enough to accommodate caesium ) , the relative amount of silicon and aluminium in the zeolite [structure] , and the hydration state of the cations .

Although official records might be expected to give an accurate picture of changes in the range and scale of provision , a considerable amount of work was necessary to establish even this basic framework .
although official records might be expected to give an accurate picture of changes in the range and scale of provision , a considerable amount of work was necessary to establish even this basic [structure] .

even fewer would deny that the CMHTs were precipitated into a virtual policy vacuum and were in effect used as one means of developing a broader framework rather than as a means of implementing an already established strategy .
even fewer would deny that the cmhts were precipitated into a virtual policy vacuum and were in effect used as one means of developing a broader [structure] rather than as a means of implementing an already established strategy .

The reports offered hard scientific knowledge about ‘ dangerousness ’ , and the framework of the law , as its remedies .
the reports offered hard scientific knowledge about ‘ dangerousness ’ , and the [structure] of the law , as its remedies .

Perhaps the strongest statements to this effect can be found in the report relating to Jasmine Beckford 's death : ‘ We are strongly of the view that social work can in fact be defined only in terms of the functions required of it by their employing agency operating within a statutory framework ’ ( London Borough of Brent , 1985 , p. 12 ) .
perhaps the strongest statements to this effect can be found in the report relating to jasmine beckford 's death : ‘ we are strongly of the view that social work can in fact be defined only in terms of the functions required of it by their employing agency operating within a statutory [structure] ’ ( london borough of brent , 1985 , p. 12 ) .

In other words , statutory interventions , whether or not they were justified on legal grounds , needed to be located in a moral and human framework of compassion , care , and empathy .
in other words , statutory interventions , whether or not they were justified on legal grounds , needed to be located in a moral and human [structure] of compassion , care , and empathy .

The simplified and more rational legal framework that it introduced is unified by some powerful principles that speak to those issues .
the simplified and more rational legal [structure] that it introduced is unified by some powerful principles that speak to those issues .

This has far-reaching implications also for social work across the entire range of activities as it has to be based very firmly on an elaborate statutory framework which spells out possibilities and responsibilities for intervention in considerable detail .
this has far-reaching implications also for social work across the entire range of activities as it has to be based very firmly on an elaborate statutory [structure] which spells out possibilities and responsibilities for intervention in considerable detail .

Consensus arises from the absence of any fundamental challenge for change in society ; individuals judge what is in their best interests within a basic framework of laws .
consensus arises from the absence of any fundamental challenge for change in society ; individuals judge what is in their best interests within a basic [structure] of laws .

The operation of a free market economy is upheld within a framework of minimalist state intervention .
the operation of a free market economy is upheld within a [structure] of minimalist state intervention .

The work often occurs within a statutory framework because levels of risk and vulnerability are high .
the work often occurs within a statutory [structure] because levels of risk and vulnerability are high .

The framework developed distinguishes between different ways in which prevention may be understood .
the [structure] developed distinguishes between different ways in which prevention may be understood .

The framework for the analysis of prevention in child care outlined above locates some of the social policy contexts of social work .
the [structure] for the analysis of prevention in child care outlined above locates some of the social policy contexts of social work .

Adoption workers need to accommodate in their thinking and practice more than one concept simultaneously , that is , the achievement of ‘ open ’ adoption or adoption with contact where it is in a child 's interests but within a framework of legal security .
adoption workers need to accommodate in their thinking and practice more than one concept simultaneously , that is , the achievement of ‘ open ’ adoption or adoption with contact where it is in a child 's interests but within a [structure] of legal security .

But he accepted the social framework of his day and the status and role of women within it .
but he accepted the social [structure] of his day and the status and role of women within it .

The first is that , since it is difficult for each authority to make its decision within the framework of a general view of social needs and social capacity to pay , the total amount of taxation tends to be raised above what it would be in a more unified system .
the first is that , since it is difficult for each authority to make its decision within the [structure] of a general view of social needs and social capacity to pay , the total amount of taxation tends to be raised above what it would be in a more unified system .

Table 9.2 is designed to indicate the relative importance of commodity trade within the framework of the general balance of payments of Yugoslavia .
table 9.2 is designed to indicate the relative importance of commodity trade within the [structure] of the general balance of payments of yugoslavia .

Within this perceptual framework , White women are frequently seen as agents in the narrative disruption which Black people initiate : it is the ‘ skirts ’ whose sexuality in one form or another is out of control or misplaced .
within this perceptual [structure] , white women are frequently seen as agents in the narrative disruption which black people initiate : it is the ‘ skirts ’ whose sexuality in one form or another is out of control or misplaced .

Solutions to the problem of prejudice are implied , usually on the lines of ‘ more knowledge equals less prejudice ’ , but only solutions within the framework of social realism and of a liberal perspective on ‘ race ’ .
solutions to the problem of prejudice are implied , usually on the lines of ‘ more knowledge equals less prejudice ’ , but only solutions within the [structure] of social realism and of a liberal perspective on ‘ race ’ .

These texts are unable to be critical of the framework within which prejudice and racism flourish .
these texts are unable to be critical of the [structure] within which prejudice and racism flourish .

As Annette Kuhn has argued , Hollywood as a ‘ dream-machine ’ under the studio system worked as a configuration of forces acting together , of which cinematic characteristics , as well as the institutional framework of economic structures and power relations in the industry were an important part .
as annette kuhn has argued , hollywood as a ‘ dream-machine ’ under the studio system worked as a configuration of forces acting together , of which cinematic characteristics , as well as the institutional [structure] of economic structures and power relations in the industry were an important part .

The debate as to whether this institutional framework exercised a determining ( ideological ) influence on film output has been an ongoing one , but the importance of Claire Johnston 's contribution to it in the mid seventies is that she argued for a reading of Hollywood entertainment films which made a space for ‘ collective fantasies of women 's desire ’ .
the debate as to whether this institutional [structure] exercised a determining ( ideological ) influence on film output has been an ongoing one , but the importance of claire johnston 's contribution to it in the mid seventies is that she argued for a reading of hollywood entertainment films which made a space for ‘ collective fantasies of women 's desire ’ .

Starting from the position that the dominant framework of feminist film criticism was ‘ too restrictive in the kinds of questions it asks of cinema ’ Gledhill gave a convincing defence of feminist realist practices and concluded with a plea for a kind of cultural analysis which could ‘ hold the extra-discursive and the discursive together as a complex and contradictory interrelation ’ .
starting from the position that the dominant [structure] of feminist film criticism was ‘ too restrictive in the kinds of questions it asks of cinema ’ gledhill gave a convincing defence of feminist realist practices and concluded with a plea for a kind of cultural analysis which could ‘ hold the extra-discursive and the discursive together as a complex and contradictory interrelation ’ .

These concerns must be recognised as specific , which does n't mean that semiotics or Lacanian film theory has no relevance outside the established framework of Anglo-American and European cinema , but rather that their legitimacy should not automatically be assumed or their dominance remain uncontested in the light of developments within feminism at large .
these concerns must be recognised as specific , which does n't mean that semiotics or lacanian film theory has no relevance outside the established [structure] of anglo-american and european cinema , but rather that their legitimacy should not automatically be assumed or their dominance remain uncontested in the light of developments within feminism at large .

As it is , we are given five pages which briefly outline the genesis and original publication of the seven essays and only the briefest contextualisation of the pieces within a broader historical framework .
as it is , we are given five pages which briefly outline the genesis and original publication of the seven essays and only the briefest contextualisation of the pieces within a broader historical [structure] .

Now , an outsider , he was arguing his own beliefs , within the Conservative framework , from the public platforms of Westminster and beyond .
now , an outsider , he was arguing his own beliefs , within the conservative [structure] , from the public platforms of westminster and beyond .

The minister also said a framework for securing the future of shared ownership schemes in rural areas , offering part-rent , part-purchase deals , had been agreed with the Housing Corporation .
the minister also said a [structure] for securing the future of shared ownership schemes in rural areas , offering part-rent , part-purchase deals , had been agreed with the housing corporation .

In the evening Her Royal Highness attended a Banquet at the Guildhall given by the Worshipful Company of Framework Knitters to celebrate the 400th Anniversary of the invention of the Knitting Frame by William Lee .
in the evening her royal highness attended a banquet at the guildhall given by the worshipful company of [structure] knitters to celebrate the 400th anniversary of the invention of the knitting frame by william lee .

We have the land and the right planning framework to create new communities that do offer the sorts of housing and living conditions that many people are looking for .
we have the land and the right planning [structure] to create new communities that do offer the sorts of housing and living conditions that many people are looking for .

He would introduce sweeping , neo-liberal reforms , including an extensive privatisation programme , within a framework of ideas promoted by a Peruvian economist , Hernando de Soto , whose work has been hailed by President Bush as a blue-print for the developing world .
he would introduce sweeping , neo-liberal reforms , including an extensive privatisation programme , within a [structure] of ideas promoted by a peruvian economist , hernando de soto , whose work has been hailed by president bush as a blue-print for the developing world .

Their action effectively scuppered six years of negotiations , since all decisions taken by the 22 signatories to the 1959 Washington Treaty — the framework for the political and environmental protection of Antarctica - must be unanimous .
their action effectively scuppered six years of negotiations , since all decisions taken by the 22 signatories to the 1959 washington treaty — the [structure] for the political and environmental protection of antarctica - must be unanimous .

Injuries and deaths at work are a significant and reducible source of danger to the citizen , and the Health and Safety at Work Act 1974 provides the framework for the regulation of safety in work-places with an offence of failing to ensure that , ‘ so far as is reasonably practicable ’ , employees are not exposed to risks to their health or safety .
injuries and deaths at work are a significant and reducible source of danger to the citizen , and the health and safety at work act 1974 provides the [structure] for the regulation of safety in work-places with an offence of failing to ensure that , ‘ so far as is reasonably practicable ’ , employees are not exposed to risks to their health or safety .

We must continue to put forward an alternative framework within which British farmers can take commercial decisions over the best way to use their skills and resources , play their part in sustaining our rural economy and the countryside , and compete fairly within Europe .
we must continue to put forward an alternative [structure] within which british farmers can take commercial decisions over the best way to use their skills and resources , play their part in sustaining our rural economy and the countryside , and compete fairly within europe .

The Big Wheel , with its spindly framework of long , slender struts , girders , and bracing wires stood out in delicate black outline against the thinning white mist .
the big wheel , with its spindly [structure] of long , slender struts , girders , and bracing wires stood out in delicate black outline against the thinning white mist .

The wind was dropping now : it sighed in the wheel 's framework .
the wind was dropping now : it sighed in the wheel 's [structure] .

It is obviously difficult to infer the chronological framework of a town from its stocklists alone .
it is obviously difficult to infer the chronological [structure] of a town from its stocklists alone .

To be effective therefore a framework must be set up which will allow expense to be apportioned and identified and variations detected .
to be effective therefore a [structure] must be set up which will allow expense to be apportioned and identified and variations detected .

This framework requires :
this [structure] requires :

This will highlight tasks which can , with advantage , be delegated to supervisors once the framework has been established by management .
this will highlight tasks which can , with advantage , be delegated to supervisors once the [structure] has been established by management .

Where management has set the framework for efficient cleaning and supervision is adequate faults will rarely arise .
where management has set the [structure] for efficient cleaning and supervision is adequate faults will rarely arise .

For the main part , however , basic techniques are not employed correctly yet within the framework of a method the standard achieved is dependent on technique .
for the main part , however , basic techniques are not employed correctly yet within the [structure] of a method the standard achieved is dependent on technique .

It also may bring much lower returns , both economic , political and ( in a bureaucratic framework ) promotional , than spectacular breakthroughs in irrigated rice or wheat , for example .
it also may bring much lower returns , both economic , political and ( in a bureaucratic [structure] ) promotional , than spectacular breakthroughs in irrigated rice or wheat , for example .

In summary , soil erosion problems can be analysed in a framework of Chinese boxes , each fitting inside the other .
in summary , soil erosion problems can be analysed in a [structure] of chinese boxes , each fitting inside the other .

He felt unable to tap and tug at the framework .
he felt unable to tap and tug at the [structure] .

One of the main forms of figurative expression employed by the new narrative is myth , many novels being structured on a mythical framework .
one of the main forms of figurative expression employed by the new narrative is myth , many novels being structured on a mythical [structure] .

Abak from Integrated Furniture Systems consists of a series of panels , hung on a tubular metal framework with integral adjustable feet .
abak from integrated furniture systems consists of a series of panels , hung on a tubular metal [structure] with integral adjustable feet .

The framework contains wireways , giving considerable cable-carrying capacity , both vertically and horizontally .
the [structure] contains wireways , giving considerable cable-carrying capacity , both vertically and horizontally .

Panels simply clip on to the framework and can be easily removed , as required .
panels simply clip on to the [structure] and can be easily removed , as required .

However , Israel has consistently refused a return of refugees except within the framework of an overall settlement with neighbouring Arab states .
however , israel has consistently refused a return of refugees except within the [structure] of an overall settlement with neighbouring arab states .

essential that the civil rights movement include all elements that are deprived , not just republicans , and that unity in action within the civil rights movement be developed towards unity of political objectives to be won , and that ultimately ( but not necessarily immediately ) the political objective agreed by the organised radical groups be seen within the framework of a movement towards the achievement of a 32 county democratic republic .
essential that the civil rights movement include all elements that are deprived , not just republicans , and that unity in action within the civil rights movement be developed towards unity of political objectives to be won , and that ultimately ( but not necessarily immediately ) the political objective agreed by the organised radical groups be seen within the [structure] of a movement towards the achievement of a 32 county democratic republic .

.. that can provide a unifying framework within which policy can be elaborated and a link to Labour 's historical principles be maintained .
.. that can provide a unifying [structure] within which policy can be elaborated and a link to labour 's historical principles be maintained .

The Speaker 's Commission gave weight to the need to have ‘ an agreed framework of rules governing the relationships of individuals to the state and to one another . '
the speaker 's commission gave weight to the need to have ‘ an agreed [structure] of rules governing the relationships of individuals to the state and to one another . '

Others before Frank Kermode , in his suave and erudite but ultimately acidulous The Classic ( New York , 1975 ) , had protested that as a framework inside which real political decisions and actions could be taken , Eliot 's Virgilian-Dantesque perspective was not just useless but dangerous .
others before frank kermode , in his suave and erudite but ultimately acidulous the classic ( new york , 1975 ) , had protested that as a [structure] inside which real political decisions and actions could be taken , eliot 's virgilian-dantesque perspective was not just useless but dangerous .

Earlier this year researchers learned that inserting a few atoms of potassium into a framework built of buckyball molecules makes the compound a superconductor : below a critical temperature of about 19 Kelvin — or 19 degrees above absolute zero — the material conducts electricity with no resistance .
earlier this year researchers learned that inserting a few atoms of potassium into a [structure] built of buckyball molecules makes the compound a superconductor : below a critical temperature of about 19 kelvin — or 19 degrees above absolute zero — the material conducts electricity with no resistance .

Yet this is the firm basis from which the choreographers built their framework of steps , poses and gestures before painting in the personal touches which describe each performer as an individual with a right to speak in a particular way .
yet this is the firm basis from which the choreographers built their [structure] of steps , poses and gestures before painting in the personal touches which describe each performer as an individual with a right to speak in a particular way .

The framework of a ballet
the [structure] of a ballet

In other words , they must take into account another meaning of the word structure ( see page 70 ) in the sense that it is the basic framework fur the choreographic design .
in other words , they must take into account another meaning of the word structure ( see page 70 ) in the sense that it is the basic [structure] fur the choreographic design .

‘ Manner in which a building or other complete whole is constructed ; supporting framework ’
‘ manner in which a building or other complete whole is constructed ; supporting [structure] ’

They had to pay greater attention to the placing of each step and pose within the new framework .
they had to pay greater attention to the placing of each step and pose within the new [structure] .

Yet each must be within the whole framework .
yet each must be within the whole [structure] .

First , that he allowed Framework Management Ltd to go into liquidation admitting it owed £21,000 to Higgins ( who claimed he was owed £51,000 ) ; and , second , that he had caused to be issued in 1988 ‘ a press release regarding a tournament to be held in Peking stating , and telling Mr Higgins in order to induce him to take part in the tournament , that the first prize was £35,000 when in fact it was not ’ .
first , that he allowed [structure] management ltd to go into liquidation admitting it owed £21,000 to higgins ( who claimed he was owed £51,000 ) ; and , second , that he had caused to be issued in 1988 ‘ a press release regarding a tournament to be held in peking stating , and telling mr higgins in order to induce him to take part in the tournament , that the first prize was £35,000 when in fact it was not ’ .

As for the future , it will take shape in the course of history , ’ within a European framework .
as for the future , it will take shape in the course of history , ’ within a european [structure] .

But the bill sets out a tight framework which will limit the judges ' scope for blocking extra advocacy rights for solicitors .
but the bill sets out a tight [structure] which will limit the judges ' scope for blocking extra advocacy rights for solicitors .

The framework would allow the Law Society to seek judicial review in the High Court if a judge refused to approve the rules .
the [structure] would allow the law society to seek judicial review in the high court if a judge refused to approve the rules .

The bill 's most contentious provision , which has polarised the profession 's two branches , sets up a framework for solicitors to appear in the higher courts , now the barrister 's preserve .
the bill 's most contentious provision , which has polarised the profession 's two branches , sets up a [structure] for solicitors to appear in the higher courts , now the barrister 's preserve .

Solicitors feared the judges ' veto might result in rules limiting their new rights , but the bill lays down a tight framework which will restrict the room for manoeuvre .
solicitors feared the judges ' veto might result in rules limiting their new rights , but the bill lays down a tight [structure] which will restrict the room for manoeuvre .

This was substituted by a new clause which stated that ‘ parties , mass organisations and mass movements are set up under a procedure established by legislation , and function within the framework of the constitution and law ’ of the republic .
this was substituted by a new clause which stated that ‘ parties , mass organisations and mass movements are set up under a procedure established by legislation , and function within the [structure] of the constitution and law ’ of the republic .

Its president , Mr David Ward , said : ‘ We have secured , first , a modern framework giving solicitors rights of audience and , second , stronger controls to protect home buyers if estate agents and big financial institutions provide conveyancing . ’
its president , mr david ward , said : ‘ we have secured , first , a modern [structure] giving solicitors rights of audience and , second , stronger controls to protect home buyers if estate agents and big financial institutions provide conveyancing . ’

The bill 's most contentious provision , which has polarised the profession 's two branches , sets up a framework for solicitors to appear in the higher courts , now the preserve of barristers .
the bill 's most contentious provision , which has polarised the profession 's two branches , sets up a [structure] for solicitors to appear in the higher courts , now the preserve of barristers .

Solicitors had feared the veto might limit their new rights , but the framework restricts the judges ' room for manoeuvre .
solicitors had feared the veto might limit their new rights , but the [structure] restricts the judges ' room for manoeuvre .

The management of schools is changing and decisions have to be made in the context of a financial framework .
the management of schools is changing and decisions have to be made in the context of a financial [structure] .

How effective can he be in drawing Britain 's fragmented medical and health science into a national framework ? Can he raise the profile of good research and weed out the poorest work ? John Galloway at the Cancer Research Campaign feels that there are only two relevant questions : has he got any money , and does he have any teeth ?
how effective can he be in drawing britain 's fragmented medical and health science into a national [structure] ? can he raise the profile of good research and weed out the poorest work ? john galloway at the cancer research campaign feels that there are only two relevant questions : has he got any money , and does he have any teeth ?

This framework is the necessary first step in changing the way countries in Eastern Europe use energy .
this [structure] is the necessary first step in changing the way countries in eastern europe use energy .

In 1983 , the 1981 Education Act came into force , setting up a new framework for children with ‘ special educational needs ’ , whether they attend ordinary or special schools .
in 1983 , the 1981 education act came into force , setting up a new [structure] for children with ‘ special educational needs ’ , whether they attend ordinary or special schools .

However , an outline is offered because it is important for all teachers to be aware of the legal framework of special education , and not just those working with the disabled in special schools .
however , an outline is offered because it is important for all teachers to be aware of the legal [structure] of special education , and not just those working with the disabled in special schools .

True to this tradition , the DES/Welsh Office National Curriculum consultation document of July 1987 stated that while , to be effective , a national framework for the secular curriculum required the backing of the law , ‘ legislation alone will not raise standards ’ .
true to this tradition , the des/welsh office national curriculum consultation document of july 1987 stated that while , to be effective , a national [structure] for the secular curriculum required the backing of the law , ‘ legislation alone will not raise standards ’ .

The government regarded a solid legal framework as fundamental to the achievement of the main objectives of the proposed National Curriculum . These were stated in the 1987 consultation document to be :
the government regarded a solid legal [structure] as fundamental to the achievement of the main objectives of the proposed national curriculum . these were stated in the 1987 consultation document to be :

It was said that , as noted above , the law would provide not a straitjacket but , rather , scope for the ‘ imaginative application of professional skills at all levels of the education service , within a statutory framework which sets clear objectives ’ .
it was said that , as noted above , the law would provide not a straitjacket but , rather , scope for the ‘ imaginative application of professional skills at all levels of the education service , within a statutory [structure] which sets clear objectives ’ .

If the above constitutes only a ‘ framework ’ , it is undoubtedly an elaborate one .
if the above constitutes only a ‘ [structure] ’ , it is undoubtedly an elaborate one .

’ The Secretary of State urges teachers in England and Wales to work with commitment towards the improvement of standards in education , within a legal framework .
’ the secretary of state urges teachers in england and wales to work with commitment towards the improvement of standards in education , within a legal [structure] .

The framework for the enforcement of the Act may briefly be mentioned .
the [structure] for the enforcement of the act may briefly be mentioned .

The government was predisposed to see a ‘ moral framework ’ established for the conduct of sex education , emphasising the responsibilities attached to sexual activity and awareness of its possible consequences , and especially of ‘ casual and promiscuous sexual behaviour ’ .
the government was predisposed to see a ‘ moral [structure] ’ established for the conduct of sex education , emphasising the responsibilities attached to sexual activity and awareness of its possible consequences , and especially of ‘ casual and promiscuous sexual behaviour ’ .

Within the framework established by the Education ( No .
within the [structure] established by the education ( no .

2 ) Act 1986 , a very important legal framework within which exclusions from school may take place , which allows parents and others to have their say in the decision-making process ( see below ) .
2 ) act 1986 , a very important legal [structure] within which exclusions from school may take place , which allows parents and others to have their say in the decision-making process ( see below ) .

planning — when initial thoughts and the framework are recorded and ordered ;
planning — when initial thoughts and the [structure] are recorded and ordered ;

The framework for the National Curriculum is set out in the Education Reform Act 1988 ( the 1988 Act ) .
the [structure] for the national curriculum is set out in the education reform act 1988 ( the 1988 act ) .

Assessment framework
assessment [structure]

1.6 The assessment framework adopted by the Government requires that : ( a ) attainment targets are set for the knowledge , skills , and understanding normally expected at the ages of 7 , 11 , 14 and 16 ; ( b ) pupils ' performances in relation to attainment targets should be assessed and reported on at ages 7 , 11 , 14 and 16 .
1.6 the assessment [structure] adopted by the government requires that : ( a ) attainment targets are set for the knowledge , skills , and understanding normally expected at the ages of 7 , 11 , 14 and 16 ; ( b ) pupils ' performances in relation to attainment targets should be assessed and reported on at ages 7 , 11 , 14 and 16 .

The formal institutions in society provide the individual with a framework and , within this , he/she can choose with whom to interact , thus setting up a dyadic contract , that is , an informal relationship that binds two people .
the formal institutions in society provide the individual with a [structure] and , within this , he/she can choose with whom to interact , thus setting up a dyadic contract , that is , an informal relationship that binds two people .

The new government decided to use the existing legal framework to save the time and possible difficulties that new laws might bring about , hut with certain modifications .
the new government decided to use the existing legal [structure] to save the time and possible difficulties that new laws might bring about , hut with certain modifications .

But , even where there were legal improvements , enforcement was often limited and , given the nature of the labour market in Latin America , many workers remained outside the legal framework , which applied only to industrial workers .
but , even where there were legal improvements , enforcement was often limited and , given the nature of the labour market in latin america , many workers remained outside the legal [structure] , which applied only to industrial workers .

Spalding calls the period from 1930 to the present day the cooptive period because of the attempts made by the elite to integrate labour into the established political and social framework .
spalding calls the period from 1930 to the present day the cooptive period because of the attempts made by the elite to integrate labour into the established political and social [structure] .

The very activity is also an expression of faith in the tradition , of a willingness to understand oneself and the world in its terms and to carry on the argument , which in the area with which we are concerned is inescapably a normative argument , within the general framework defining the tradition .
the very activity is also an expression of faith in the tradition , of a willingness to understand oneself and the world in its terms and to carry on the argument , which in the area with which we are concerned is inescapably a normative argument , within the general [structure] defining the tradition .

These provide the framework within which generally valid considerations justify the specific ways through which people can impose moral demands upon themselves and can endow their lives with value or with moral significance .
these provide the [structure] within which generally valid considerations justify the specific ways through which people can impose moral demands upon themselves and can endow their lives with value or with moral significance .

It insists , however , that that will be done in a constitutional framework which allows everyone an equal chance to endorse any conception of the good and to realize it .
it insists , however , that that will be done in a constitutional [structure] which allows everyone an equal chance to endorse any conception of the good and to realize it .

If it turns out that this is not the case , if it is discovered that the prohibition denies the would-be rapists more of a chance to pursue the good life than it gives their possible victims , then one may have to adjust other features of the political framework to make sure that this does not result in inequality of ability to pursue one 's conception of the good .
if it turns out that this is not the case , if it is discovered that the prohibition denies the would-be rapists more of a chance to pursue the good life than it gives their possible victims , then one may have to adjust other features of the political [structure] to make sure that this does not result in inequality of ability to pursue one 's conception of the good .

But it may yield an agreement to establish a constitutional framework most likely to lead to the pursuit of well-founded ideals , given the information available at any given time .
but it may yield an agreement to establish a constitutional [structure] most likely to lead to the pursuit of well-founded ideals , given the information available at any given time .

The essential point is that a conception of justice fulfils its social role provided that citizens equally conscientious and sharing roughly the same beliefs find that , by affirming the framework of deliberation set up by it , they are normally led to a sufficient convergence of opinion .
the essential point is that a conception of justice fulfils its social role provided that citizens equally conscientious and sharing roughly the same beliefs find that , by affirming the [structure] of deliberation set up by it , they are normally led to a sufficient convergence of opinion .

But while the choice is individual , it does not take place in isolation , but within a framework of given options .
but while the choice is individual , it does not take place in isolation , but within a [structure] of given options .

The options which define the framework of choice are closely related to the available leadership and organization .
the options which define the [structure] of choice are closely related to the available leadership and organization .

What provides stability to the fickleness of love is the material framework of marriage .
what provides stability to the fickleness of love is the material [structure] of marriage .

The constitutional framework set in place after the ‘ Glorious Revolution ’ was , rightly , one of the wonders of its age .
the constitutional [structure] set in place after the ‘ glorious revolution ’ was , rightly , one of the wonders of its age .

Accordingly , nothing in his framework was designed to stand up for liberty where the legislature saw fit to intervene with new restrictive laws , or where the courts contrived to discover or develop them ; Dicey simply assumed that this would not occur .
accordingly , nothing in his [structure] was designed to stand up for liberty where the legislature saw fit to intervene with new restrictive laws , or where the courts contrived to discover or develop them ; dicey simply assumed that this would not occur .

The New Statutory Framework
the new statutory [structure]

Indeed , the Home Secretary , Mr Leon Brittan , took great pride in the fact that , unlike any of its predecessors , the Conservative Government had provided for the first time a clear and comprehensive statutory framework for the interception of communications .
indeed , the home secretary , mr leon brittan , took great pride in the fact that , unlike any of its predecessors , the conservative government had provided for the first time a clear and comprehensive statutory [structure] for the interception of communications .

If we could state positively , and with hope of agreement , what the point of education is , then we could go on to debate how it should be provided , how much public money should be spent on provision , and how much variety should be permitted , within the general legal framework .
if we could state positively , and with hope of agreement , what the point of education is , then we could go on to debate how it should be provided , how much public money should be spent on provision , and how much variety should be permitted , within the general legal [structure] .

The new pattern that will gradually take shape towards the end of this century is of a centrally determined national curriculum , individual schools being given their own budgets to spend as they think fit within the legally required curriculum framework .
the new pattern that will gradually take shape towards the end of this century is of a centrally determined national curriculum , individual schools being given their own budgets to spend as they think fit within the legally required curriculum [structure] .

They are arranged to make a more or less connected narrative , and , taken within the larger historical framework already described , form a more detailed story of El Cid .
they are arranged to make a more or less connected narrative , and , taken within the larger historical [structure] already described , form a more detailed story of el cid .

With such a broad framework , a start could be made , through public debate and discussion , to fill in the details .
with such a broad [structure] , a start could be made , through public debate and discussion , to fill in the details .

The basic framework of society in Mesopotamia remained the same for 2,000 years or more , but at different times Sumerians , Babylonians , and Assyrians were dominant and the order of society was far less static than in Egypt .
the basic [structure] of society in mesopotamia remained the same for 2,000 years or more , but at different times sumerians , babylonians , and assyrians were dominant and the order of society was far less static than in egypt .

What the book does attempt to do is to provide a framework of problems and ideas , exploring major themes .
what the book does attempt to do is to provide a [structure] of problems and ideas , exploring major themes .

Voluntary work can provide a framework for job-seeking and will make a favourable impression at an interview .
voluntary work can provide a [structure] for job-seeking and will make a favourable impression at an interview .

And the framework people use to make sense of their experiences is developed over time and so has strong connections with the past .
and the [structure] people use to make sense of their experiences is developed over time and so has strong connections with the past .

As well as these social reasons , the commitment of marriage provides a secure framework within which the personal negotiations about space , needs , differences and roles can continue .
as well as these social reasons , the commitment of marriage provides a secure [structure] within which the personal negotiations about space , needs , differences and roles can continue .

It is within this conceptual framework that a government minister at the Department of the Environment can , with seemingly irrefutable common sense , conceptualise inner cities as the places where ‘ those living there have not been able to participate in the economic miracle of the Thatcher years ’ ( Trippier , 1989 , p7 ) and which require a strong police presence because ‘ the future prosperity of the inner cities depends directly on how safe they are in which to live and work ’ ( ibid , p22 ) .
it is within this conceptual [structure] that a government minister at the department of the environment can , with seemingly irrefutable common sense , conceptualise inner cities as the places where ‘ those living there have not been able to participate in the economic miracle of the thatcher years ’ ( trippier , 1989 , p7 ) and which require a strong police presence because ‘ the future prosperity of the inner cities depends directly on how safe they are in which to live and work ’ ( ibid , p22 ) .

Authorities were therefore asked to respond within the framework of the following definitions :
authorities were therefore asked to respond within the [structure] of the following definitions :

The need for better planning , and the need to organize and consider training courses within the overall framework of each individual 's development needs was mentioned in various ways , by a fifth of the sample , ( see Table 25 ) , although more often by larger libraries ( see Table 30 ) :
the need for better planning , and the need to organize and consider training courses within the overall [structure] of each individual 's development needs was mentioned in various ways , by a fifth of the sample , ( see table 25 ) , although more often by larger libraries ( see table 30 ) :

The training officer group were more likely to refer to joint or group decisions , none of them specifically mentioned the need for central approval , few mentioned relevancy to post as being essential ( or if they did it was within a wider framework of reference than relevance to post alone ) , and they were more likely to specify that the needs of the service and the needs of the individual were both taken into account .
the training officer group were more likely to refer to joint or group decisions , none of them specifically mentioned the need for central approval , few mentioned relevancy to post as being essential ( or if they did it was within a wider [structure] of reference than relevance to post alone ) , and they were more likely to specify that the needs of the service and the needs of the individual were both taken into account .

There was evidence in our sample that more training was being organized internally , and that thought was being given as to how to achieve training objectives within this changing framework .
there was evidence in our sample that more training was being organized internally , and that thought was being given as to how to achieve training objectives within this changing [structure] .

However , it is inefficient from a user 's point of view to leave course assessment to suppliers ( who will not necessarily be assessing the same thing as users ) , and inappropriate to expect individual users to be able to evaluate courses within any framework other than their own needs .
however , it is inefficient from a user 's point of view to leave course assessment to suppliers ( who will not necessarily be assessing the same thing as users ) , and inappropriate to expect individual users to be able to evaluate courses within any [structure] other than their own needs .

Having scored his first major triumph in the Southern League Championship , Chapman began to question the merits of the framework of that triumph , that is , the Southern League itself .
having scored his first major triumph in the southern league championship , chapman began to question the merits of the [structure] of that triumph , that is , the southern league itself .

Just as at Northampton he questioned the merit of the Southern League after shaping a team that mastered it , so after his later Championship triumphs at Huddersfield and Arsenal , he was to question the league system that was the framework of those triumphs .
just as at northampton he questioned the merit of the southern league after shaping a team that mastered it , so after his later championship triumphs at huddersfield and arsenal , he was to question the league system that was the [structure] of those triumphs .

We have seen how McClellan 's system provides a framework for building up the bookstock at each service point .
we have seen how mcclellan 's system provides a [structure] for building up the bookstock at each service point .

Nevertheless , standards can provide some sort of framework for services , if they are credibly based upon existing practice rather than utopian ideals .
nevertheless , standards can provide some sort of [structure] for services , if they are credibly based upon existing practice rather than utopian ideals .

An enabling framework is provided for possible future Integrated Development Programmes for LFAs .
an enabling [structure] is provided for possible future integrated development programmes for lfas .

He has developed a framework which is based on the idea that the aim of the interview should be to help people with the management of their problems .
he has developed a [structure] which is based on the idea that the aim of the interview should be to help people with the management of their problems .

Within this framework , the clients are regarded as responsible for themselves .
within this [structure] , the clients are regarded as responsible for themselves .

Although they have always had responsibility for trainees , this is to be made more formal within the framework of the basic training common core .
although they have always had responsibility for trainees , this is to be made more formal within the [structure] of the basic training common core .

At a time of enormous demands on the energies resources and initiative of the Department , and the Government proposals for changes in the legislative framework of bus operation , the development work on further cars underlines Blackpool Borough Council 's confidence in the future of the tramway .
at a time of enormous demands on the energies resources and initiative of the department , and the government proposals for changes in the legislative [structure] of bus operation , the development work on further cars underlines blackpool borough council 's confidence in the future of the tramway .

Bonsall was an important centre of framework knitting in Derbyshire , and one of the early workshops , where knitters worked in primitive factories instead of in their own homes , can still be seen .
bonsall was an important centre of [structure] knitting in derbyshire , and one of the early workshops , where knitters worked in primitive factories instead of in their own homes , can still be seen .

The hosiery industry is remarkable for the fact that the early framework knitters were men assisted by their womenfolk as seamers and by their children in the hard times of the Luddite troubles .
the hosiery industry is remarkable for the fact that the early [structure] knitters were men assisted by their womenfolk as seamers and by their children in the hard times of the luddite troubles .

Cast-iron columns and a curved rib framework support the conical roof which has a diameter of 180 feet .
cast-iron columns and a curved rib [structure] support the conical roof which has a diameter of 180 feet .

Designed and built by Richard Turner and Decimus Burton , this gigantic conservatory of glass in a delicate framework of iron is 362 feet long and 62 feet high at its centre .
designed and built by richard turner and decimus burton , this gigantic conservatory of glass in a delicate [structure] of iron is 362 feet long and 62 feet high at its centre .

Mme Catherine Lalumière , secretary general of the Council of Europe , explains : ‘ Adoption of the Council as the framework for the Pharmacopoeia rather than the creation of a European pharmacopoeia was a quite deliberate choice .
mme catherine lalumière , secretary general of the council of europe , explains : ‘ adoption of the council as the [structure] for the pharmacopoeia rather than the creation of a european pharmacopoeia was a quite deliberate choice .

a zone of anomalous data in the south of Quadrant 47 where predicted uplift is not in accordance with the known geological framework .
a zone of anomalous data in the south of quadrant 47 where predicted uplift is not in accordance with the known geological [structure] .

This would be linked to a new framework for community care , which would include , for the first time , a Minister for Community Care , a greater partnership between local authorities and providers , and a service contract to ‘ customise ’ care for all individuals .
this would be linked to a new [structure] for community care , which would include , for the first time , a minister for community care , a greater partnership between local authorities and providers , and a service contract to ‘ customise ’ care for all individuals .

The former approach offers the student a continuity of learning , although often within an academic rather than a practical framework .
the former approach offers the student a continuity of learning , although often within an academic rather than a practical [structure] .

What might be called ‘ external ’ interpretation or construction was the subject of Section 2 : jurists resort to construction , when there is evidently an intention on the part of a testator to achieve some object by means of some legal institution , in order to embody that intention in a legal framework .
what might be called ‘ external ’ interpretation or construction was the subject of section 2 : jurists resort to construction , when there is evidently an intention on the part of a testator to achieve some object by means of some legal institution , in order to embody that intention in a legal [structure] .

It is interpretation carried out within an existing legal framework : where a trust has actually been set up by a settlor , and it is a matter for the jurist to interpret or elucidate details .
it is interpretation carried out within an existing legal [structure] : where a trust has actually been set up by a settlor , and it is a matter for the jurist to interpret or elucidate details .

It is an example of construction : the liberality lies in finding a legal framework for an intention which could not work at civil law : that any acquirer of the money should be liable under the trust .
it is an example of construction : the liberality lies in finding a legal [structure] for an intention which could not work at civil law : that any acquirer of the money should be liable under the trust .

It is true that to search for a legal framework in which the ill-articulated wishes of a testator can be given effect is to regard the testator 's intention .
it is true that to search for a legal [structure] in which the ill-articulated wishes of a testator can be given effect is to regard the testator 's intention .

Has the interviewer used the framework of informality to ‘ load ’ the interviews in a particular way ?
has the interviewer used the [structure] of informality to ‘ load ’ the interviews in a particular way ?

Once the topics have been decided upon the questions will have a framework to fit into .
once the topics have been decided upon the questions will have a [structure] to fit into .

Encouraged by these words , persons attempting to ‘ manage the curriculum ’ within the framework of the Education Reform Act will turn to the body of the text .
encouraged by these words , persons attempting to ‘ manage the curriculum ’ within the [structure] of the education reform act will turn to the body of the text .

In such a framework , individuals were often encouraged to take substantial initiatives and carry subordinates with them .
in such a [structure] , individuals were often encouraged to take substantial initiatives and carry subordinates with them .

They are very different from the underpinning of the National Curriculum 's framework which , if similarly old-fashioned , is not so romantic .
they are very different from the underpinning of the national curriculum 's [structure] which , if similarly old-fashioned , is not so romantic .

In short it seems unlikely , especially with younger children whose grasp on autonomy in learning and responsibility and social action needs much support , that the National Curriculum framework alone will achieve anything .
in short it seems unlikely , especially with younger children whose grasp on autonomy in learning and responsibility and social action needs much support , that the national curriculum [structure] alone will achieve anything .

Or will it be so difficult to interpret , so rigid in its framework that there is no room for the teacher to try interesting diversions and take the opportunity for exploration of unmapped territory — even of contributing to the design of the map itself ?
or will it be so difficult to interpret , so rigid in its [structure] that there is no room for the teacher to try interesting diversions and take the opportunity for exploration of unmapped territory — even of contributing to the design of the map itself ?

The child at whatever age needs stimulation and assessment , competition against self and against others in a carefully constructed and sensitively handled framework .
the child at whatever age needs stimulation and assessment , competition against self and against others in a carefully constructed and sensitively handled [structure] .

The statutory framework of the National Curriculum is contained in sections 1 to 25 of the 1988 Act .
the statutory [structure] of the national curriculum is contained in sections 1 to 25 of the 1988 act .

In part , this is because of the shortcomings of that highly specific subject framework .
in part , this is because of the shortcomings of that highly specific subject [structure] .

The other great assumption , of course , is that the framework for timetabling has to be the 40 period week .
the other great assumption , of course , is that the [structure] for timetabling has to be the 40 period week .

The framework will be important .
the [structure] will be important .

The approach used by Sheffield was particularly helpful , in that it established credibility for partnership at the highest level , with a supportive framework for development .
the approach used by sheffield was particularly helpful , in that it established credibility for partnership at the highest level , with a supportive [structure] for development .

Individual partners have contributed in many ways , stressing the point that the school can identify and seek response to needs within a clearly agreed framework .
individual partners have contributed in many ways , stressing the point that the school can identify and seek response to needs within a clearly agreed [structure] .

These achievements stem from the core aims which link with school values , concern for quality in education , and the merit of the ‘ partnership ’ notion , providing a framework for activity .
these achievements stem from the core aims which link with school values , concern for quality in education , and the merit of the ‘ partnership ’ notion , providing a [structure] for activity .

The initial and on-going commitment by the school 's Governors and management team , demonstrated by the provision of resources and an organisational framework which facilitates and encourages activity is an essential feature in the establishment of a partnership .
the initial and on-going commitment by the school 's governors and management team , demonstrated by the provision of resources and an organisational [structure] which facilitates and encourages activity is an essential feature in the establishment of a partnership .

The justification of the partnership approach is that it encourages the notions of quality and excellence , whilst providing a framework within which a wide range of activities can be given a sense of coherence and wholeness .
the justification of the partnership approach is that it encourages the notions of quality and excellence , whilst providing a [structure] within which a wide range of activities can be given a sense of coherence and wholeness .

The regional managers occupy a crucial role in providing a strategic framework for management of the Teacher Placement Service .
the regional managers occupy a crucial role in providing a strategic [structure] for management of the teacher placement service .

At the local level it may not always be easy to equate a framework of locally agreed targets with the specific levels of achievement nationally .
at the local level it may not always be easy to equate a [structure] of locally agreed targets with the specific levels of achievement nationally .

Placement may assist in pulling together the framework and coherent objectives for partnerships ; can explore how other organisations may be used ; is able to secure commitment to growth by partners through direct experience of one another ; establishes communications between the various partners ; may be used to identify who should be involved and at what levels ; provides a regular data and information flow through its exchange mechanism ; may indicate for the local area the support available from national employers that may be utilised at the local level ; constructs environments where introductions are purposeful between the partners and can adopt an incremental approach to partnership activity .
placement may assist in pulling together the [structure] and coherent objectives for partnerships ; can explore how other organisations may be used ; is able to secure commitment to growth by partners through direct experience of one another ; establishes communications between the various partners ; may be used to identify who should be involved and at what levels ; provides a regular data and information flow through its exchange mechanism ; may indicate for the local area the support available from national employers that may be utilised at the local level ; constructs environments where introductions are purposeful between the partners and can adopt an incremental approach to partnership activity .

The most successful placement programmes to date have been developed from an identifiable need and developed into an accessible package which is clearly targeted with a prescribed framework e.g .
the most successful placement programmes to date have been developed from an identifiable need and developed into an accessible package which is clearly targeted with a prescribed [structure] e.g .

The education community urgently needs a new framework for local strategic planning and accountability .
the education community urgently needs a new [structure] for local strategic planning and accountability .

The TECs come nearest to this aspiration in their potential for fostering a partnership ethic within a framework of accountability and sound systems management .
the tecs come nearest to this aspiration in their potential for fostering a partnership ethic within a [structure] of accountability and sound systems management .

Most importantly , the first ( and indeed later ) sallies are always related to the framework erected by survey , scenario and plan .
most importantly , the first ( and indeed later ) sallies are always related to the [structure] erected by survey , scenario and plan .

for intelligence purposes , with agencies willing to ally their resources for analysis and research to the common framework .
for intelligence purposes , with agencies willing to ally their resources for analysis and research to the common [structure] .

Tasks , leading into programmes , will be arranged against the reference of the framework , varying infinitely in depth or extent , contributing no only to localised progress but also as part of the whole Northern interest .
tasks , leading into programmes , will be arranged against the reference of the [structure] , varying infinitely in depth or extent , contributing no only to localised progress but also as part of the whole northern interest .

One category of activity cross-references with others , reinforcing the original St William 's strategic framework idea .
one category of activity cross-references with others , reinforcing the original st william 's strategic [structure] idea .

The Offices , Shops and Railway Premises Act 1963 , both taking effect within the framework of the Health and Safety at Work Act 1974 .
the offices , shops and railway premises act 1963 , both taking effect within the [structure] of the health and safety at work act 1974 .

We are assuming that when a sentence is understood , it is understood by mapping its constituents into background knowledge structures ( a central notion in the framework devised by Sanford & Garrod 1981 , and some other theories ) .
we are assuming that when a sentence is understood , it is understood by mapping its constituents into background knowledge structures ( a central notion in the [structure] devised by sanford & garrod 1981 , and some other theories ) .

Within the framework which we are currently developing ( an extension of the framework of Sanford & Garrod ( 1981 ; Garrod & Sanford 1982 ) a plural reference is possible if two ( or more ) atomic elements map into a common role-slot .
within the [structure] which we are currently developing ( an extension of the [structure] of sanford & garrod ( 1981 ; garrod & sanford 1982 ) a plural reference is possible if two ( or more ) atomic elements map into a common role-slot .

It provides a general framework within which theories of cognitive abilities can be formulated and it suggests the form that specific theories of those abilities should take .
it provides a general [structure] within which theories of cognitive abilities can be formulated and it suggests the form that specific theories of those abilities should take .

The best example of a specific theory developed within the framework , Johnson-Laird & Bara 's ( 1984 ) account of syllogistic reasoning , clearly illustrates these two aspects of the approach .
the best example of a specific theory developed within the [structure] , johnson-laird & bara 's ( 1984 ) account of syllogistic reasoning , clearly illustrates these two aspects of the approach .

An account of anaphoric processing based on the idea that there are two broad classes of anaphoric expression was suggested by Sag and Hankamer ( 1984 ) , whose ideas were already known to , and tentatively endorsed by , Johnson-Laird ( 1983 ) in his most complete account of the mental models framework .
an account of anaphoric processing based on the idea that there are two broad classes of anaphoric expression was suggested by sag and hankamer ( 1984 ) , whose ideas were already known to , and tentatively endorsed by , johnson-laird ( 1983 ) in his most complete account of the mental models [structure] .

Within the mental models framework , we therefore propose a more complex account of anaphor interpretation than that suggested by Sag & Hankamer .
within the mental models [structure] , we therefore propose a more complex account of anaphor interpretation than that suggested by sag & hankamer .

Although Garvey and Caramazza describe implicit causality as a property of verbs , it is , as we have already implied , best regarded as an aspect of world knowledge and , as such , its effects can readily be accommodated within the mental models framework , particularly if one assumes with Ladusaw & Dowty ( 1988 ) that generalizations about roles associated with verbs lie in the domain of world knowledge rather than linguistic theory .
although garvey and caramazza describe implicit causality as a property of verbs , it is , as we have already implied , best regarded as an aspect of world knowledge and , as such , its effects can readily be accommodated within the mental models [structure] , particularly if one assumes with ladusaw & dowty ( 1988 ) that generalizations about roles associated with verbs lie in the domain of world knowledge rather than linguistic theory .

Responsibility for these plans was divided between the tiers of local government after reorganization so that counties , metropolitan counties and the Scottish regions were responsible for the structure plans , which were understood , at first at least , to be of strategic importance , providing the framework within which local plans might be prepared by district councils .
responsibility for these plans was divided between the tiers of local government after reorganization so that counties , metropolitan counties and the scottish regions were responsible for the structure plans , which were understood , at first at least , to be of strategic importance , providing the [structure] within which local plans might be prepared by district councils .

In the long term , alternative political and policy positions can be weakened — there will be no government framework to give them any institutional voice or credence .
in the long term , alternative political and policy positions can be weakened — there will be no government [structure] to give them any institutional voice or credence .

Through these three strands of study , urban managerialism seemed to offer a convenient conceptual framework for the new case studies of local political behaviour .
through these three strands of study , urban managerialism seemed to offer a convenient conceptual [structure] for the new case studies of local political behaviour .

The very studies which found the lost world of local politics , did so within a conceptual and methodological framework that ensured it would never be fully understood .
the very studies which found the lost world of local politics , did so within a conceptual and methodological [structure] that ensured it would never be fully understood .

The almost exclusive concentration on the formal political process has been replaced by accounts that take in crucial determinants outside this sphere , and which are placed in an explanatory framework that allows links to be made with wider sets of social relations .
the almost exclusive concentration on the formal political process has been replaced by accounts that take in crucial determinants outside this sphere , and which are placed in an explanatory [structure] that allows links to be made with wider sets of social relations .

These arose mainly from its reliance on a rigid theoretical framework which views the urban system as an autonomous political entity — one characterized by its position as the site of collective consumption practices .
these arose mainly from its reliance on a rigid theoretical [structure] which views the urban system as an autonomous political entity — one characterized by its position as the site of collective consumption practices .

Saunders partly deflects criticism of this sort by putting forward the dual state thesis as an ‘ ideal-type ’ , claiming that it is a research strategy rather than an account of reality , and that its aim is to develop a framework which suggests research questions and which can be evaluated analytically but not empirically .
saunders partly deflects criticism of this sort by putting forward the dual state thesis as an ‘ ideal-type ’ , claiming that it is a research strategy rather than an account of reality , and that its aim is to develop a [structure] which suggests research questions and which can be evaluated analytically but not empirically .

Even if we accept this , it is questionable how useful an analytical framework is which has an untenable base .
even if we accept this , it is questionable how useful an analytical [structure] is which has an untenable base .

One of the merits of the dual state thesis is its explicit attempt to place the understanding of local politics into a wider analytical framework .
one of the merits of the dual state thesis is its explicit attempt to place the understanding of local politics into a wider analytical [structure] .

Duncan and Goodwin provide a conceptual framework for understanding the differential forms that these local political processes take , by claiming that particular local policies arise through the uneven development of a whole range of economic , social , cultural and political relations .
duncan and goodwin provide a conceptual [structure] for understanding the differential forms that these local political processes take , by claiming that particular local policies arise through the uneven development of a whole range of economic , social , cultural and political relations .

This tightly knit framework of liaison between the three sections of Sheffield 's labour movement — Labour Council , Labour party and trades unions — helped unite its political and industrial wings .
this tightly knit [structure] of liaison between the three sections of sheffield 's labour movement — labour council , labour party and trades unions — helped unite its political and industrial wings .

It is likely that LEAs will offer guidance to governing bodies not only on the general framework of recruitment , selection and promotion procedures , but also on the equal-opportunities aspects of appointments . In brief outline , such advice would be likely to emphasise that :
it is likely that leas will offer guidance to governing bodies not only on the general [structure] of recruitment , selection and promotion procedures , but also on the equal-opportunities aspects of appointments . in brief outline , such advice would be likely to emphasise that :

It requires a conscious policy decision to treat Community law as part and parcel of the legal framework in which day-to-day legal advice is offered to business clients .
it requires a conscious policy decision to treat community law as part and parcel of the legal [structure] in which day-to-day legal advice is offered to business clients .

Much of the White Paper 's legislation is in the form of framework directives which provide a basis for future detailed legislation .
much of the white paper 's legislation is in the form of [structure] directives which provide a basis for future detailed legislation .

It is based on the assumption that commercial confidence in inter-state transactions will only flourish when the framework of company law and business regulation applicable in each member state is the same .
it is based on the assumption that commercial confidence in inter-state transactions will only flourish when the [structure] of company law and business regulation applicable in each member state is the same .

Articles 85 and 86 of the Treaty of Rome , the text of which is set out in Appendix 1 , define the framework for the operation of the Community competition rules .
articles 85 and 86 of the treaty of rome , the text of which is set out in appendix 1 , define the [structure] for the operation of the community competition rules .

Agreements between trading parties made within a governmental framework fall within Article 85 .
agreements between trading parties made within a governmental [structure] fall within article 85 .

Their application to mergers therefore tends to lead to uncertainty and instability , instead of providing the orderly framework and timetable essential for the conduct of public share acquisitions and takeover bids .
their application to mergers therefore tends to lead to uncertainty and instability , instead of providing the orderly [structure] and timetable essential for the conduct of public share acquisitions and takeover bids .

’ The skin of his face hung on its framework like the hides of the penthouse , and weariness and anger and pain scored his brow as if done by a hatchet .
’ the skin of his face hung on its [structure] like the hides of the penthouse , and weariness and anger and pain scored his brow as if done by a hatchet .

Each garland has a steel framework which is wrapped with silk stockings before being lined , inside and out , with hessian .
each garland has a steel [structure] which is wrapped with silk stockings before being lined , inside and out , with hessian .

Firm-edge bases have a wooden framework with the springs inside .
firm-edge bases have a wooden [structure] with the springs inside .

Open sprung mattresses are generally cheaper buys with the coil springs held together within a framework of wire .
open sprung mattresses are generally cheaper buys with the coil springs held together within a [structure] of wire .

The Federal Republic of Germany introduced legislation in 1975 , which provided the framework for a waste economy programme .
the federal republic of germany introduced legislation in 1975 , which provided the [structure] for a waste economy programme .

Attitudes toward science — also treated elsewhere in the same issue — and the apparently instinctive antipathy toward new ideas that do not fit readily into one 's established mental framework , continue to manifest themselves even in the context of the current technological age .
attitudes toward science — also treated elsewhere in the same issue — and the apparently instinctive antipathy toward new ideas that do not fit readily into one 's established mental [structure] , continue to manifest themselves even in the context of the current technological age .

However anyone looking to it for an explanation of how women have come to be excluded so completely from the control of machines , or even for a theoretical framework within which to pose such a question , is in for a disappointment .
however anyone looking to it for an explanation of how women have come to be excluded so completely from the control of machines , or even for a theoretical [structure] within which to pose such a question , is in for a disappointment .

The programme on the conventional industries forms a key part of a ‘ framework document ’ on research that the Commission produced last November .
the programme on the conventional industries forms a key part of a ‘ [structure] document ’ on research that the commission produced last november .

As he has no theoretical framework and no fundamental economic background , he is limited essentially to extrapolation of short-term clusters of newsworthy items , as seen through the eyes of newspaper editors and reporters .
as he has no theoretical [structure] and no fundamental economic background , he is limited essentially to extrapolation of short-term clusters of newsworthy items , as seen through the eyes of newspaper editors and reporters .

The existence of two rival regimes will create instability in an already very fragile legal framework .
the existence of two rival regimes will create instability in an already very fragile legal [structure] .

This ‘ Framework Act for Higher Education ’ , finally passed in 1976. , dictates in detail how universities should be run .
this ‘ [structure] act for higher education ’ , finally passed in 1976. , dictates in detail how universities should be run .

Theories that attempt to unite Nature 's forces within one framework suggest that monopoles should have been produced in the early stages of the Universe : and just over a year ago Blas Cabrera , a researcher at Stanford University , thought he might have found one ( New Scientist .
theories that attempt to unite nature 's forces within one [structure] suggest that monopoles should have been produced in the early stages of the universe : and just over a year ago blas cabrera , a researcher at stanford university , thought he might have found one ( new scientist .

Before that he caused a few raised eyebrows among physicists and astronomers with his calculations that a working time machine could be built , or arise naturally , within the framework of relativity theory .
before that he caused a few raised eyebrows among physicists and astronomers with his calculations that a working time machine could be built , or arise naturally , within the [structure] of relativity theory .

Within this framework , Charnov deals with sex ratios in dioecious species ( those having separate sexes ) , with the order and timing of sex change in sequential hermaphrodites , with the equilibrium allocation of resources for simultaneous hermaphrodites , with conditions favouring the transition between dioecy and hermaphroditism , and with the selective forces likely to alter the allocation to male versus female function ( such as local mate and local resource competition ) .
within this [structure] , charnov deals with sex ratios in dioecious species ( those having separate sexes ) , with the order and timing of sex change in sequential hermaphrodites , with the equilibrium allocation of resources for simultaneous hermaphrodites , with conditions favouring the transition between dioecy and hermaphroditism , and with the selective forces likely to alter the allocation to male versus female function ( such as local mate and local resource competition ) .

An open framework of holes
an open [structure] of holes

Within the open framework of zeolites , water and other small molecules , and even the counter cations , have an uncanny mobility .
within the open [structure] of zeolites , water and other small molecules , and even the counter cations , have an uncanny mobility .

The author then surveys the current state of the art of zeolite synthesis and transformation , and shows how it is possible to ring the changes among the component atoms of zeolites — the silicon and oxygen parts of the polymeric framework and the counterbalancing metal ions can all be changed for other elements while still preserving the topology that is the characteristic feature of a zeolite .
the author then surveys the current state of the art of zeolite synthesis and transformation , and shows how it is possible to ring the changes among the component atoms of zeolites — the silicon and oxygen parts of the polymeric [structure] and the counterbalancing metal ions can all be changed for other elements while still preserving the topology that is the characteristic feature of a zeolite .

As many readers will know , most research in academic institutions and also in industry is concerned with the development of incremental advances ; that is , its essential framework is well established but the details are not known .
as many readers will know , most research in academic institutions and also in industry is concerned with the development of incremental advances ; that is , its essential [structure] is well established but the details are not known .

In our framework , engineering begins when understanding of the appropriate science has reached the point where predictions can be made with a degree of confidence , and opportunities for exploitation have been identified .
in our [structure] , engineering begins when understanding of the appropriate science has reached the point where predictions can be made with a degree of confidence , and opportunities for exploitation have been identified .

But it is in developing a coherent conceptual framework for such discussion that the book is least successful .
but it is in developing a coherent conceptual [structure] for such discussion that the book is least successful .

An education system is part of a political , social , and economic framework .
an education system is part of a political , social , and economic [structure] .

Schools are also composed of individuals ( children and teachers ) and are responsible to other individuals ( parents ) within the framework of a community .
schools are also composed of individuals ( children and teachers ) and are responsible to other individuals ( parents ) within the [structure] of a community .

the Nigerian ‘ Seminar on a National Policy on Education ’ ) , the legal and administrative framework of the school system , official calendars and time allocations , the syllabus and related descriptions of prescribed content , official lists of recommended books , and the content and style of the final and intermediate examinations .
the nigerian ‘ seminar on a national policy on education ’ ) , the legal and administrative [structure] of the school system , official calendars and time allocations , the syllabus and related descriptions of prescribed content , official lists of recommended books , and the content and style of the final and intermediate examinations .

increasing freedom to make choices within a framework of secure guidelines
increasing freedom to make choices within a [structure] of secure guidelines

She recognized that she had to make a sensible framework of her own .
she recognized that she had to make a sensible [structure] of her own .

Yet this shift of interest away from ‘ primitive ’ societies has not provided us with a new framework of analysis for we still tend to ‘ tribalise ’ complex societies by looking at the simpler aspects e.g .
yet this shift of interest away from ‘ primitive ’ societies has not provided us with a new [structure] of analysis for we still tend to ‘ tribalise ’ complex societies by looking at the simpler aspects e.g .

In the twelfth century the canon lawyers devised an elaborate , and comparatively humane , legal framework for poor relief .
in the twelfth century the canon lawyers devised an elaborate , and comparatively humane , legal [structure] for poor relief .

What we are looking for is a framework , an accommodating structure that will help us to organize our information and ideas .
what we are looking for is a [structure] , an accommodating structure that will help us to organize our information and ideas .

We are still in need of a theoretical basis or framework .
we are still in need of a theoretical basis or [structure] .

Much of the comic-strip material ( violence , challenging of authority figures , the suggestions of sexual and scatological matters ) would be anti-social behaviour outside the protective humorous framework .
much of the comic-strip material ( violence , challenging of authority figures , the suggestions of sexual and scatological matters ) would be anti-social behaviour outside the protective humorous [structure] .

In that anthology of bad taste , Fungus the bogeyman , he brings to the surface a whole range of socially-unacceptable obsessions and images , exposing them within the protective framework of humour .
in that anthology of bad taste , fungus the bogeyman , he brings to the surface a whole range of socially-unacceptable obsessions and images , exposing them within the protective [structure] of humour .

The purpose of this chapter is to describe a framework within which an up-to-date surveying practice might operate .
the purpose of this chapter is to describe a [structure] within which an up-to-date surveying practice might operate .

The purpose of a system of budgeting is to provide a reasoned framework for the financial decisions of a future period . These decisions include :
the purpose of a system of budgeting is to provide a reasoned [structure] for the financial decisions of a future period . these decisions include :

It is true , however , that taken as a whole , the 1947 Act created for the first time a comprehensive framework for planning and thereby laid the groundwork for a permanent and highly significant change in the public attitude to private property and its use and development .
it is true , however , that taken as a whole , the 1947 act created for the first time a comprehensive [structure] for planning and thereby laid the groundwork for a permanent and highly significant change in the public attitude to private property and its use and development .

In order to give a framework within which decisions on individual applications can be judged , there exists a series of policy documents and maps collectively called development plans .
in order to give a [structure] within which decisions on individual applications can be judged , there exists a series of policy documents and maps collectively called development plans .

Considerably more pertinent to those trying to cope with day-to-day developments , are the various areas of special control which have found their way into the planning framework and jargon .
considerably more pertinent to those trying to cope with day-to-day developments , are the various areas of special control which have found their way into the planning [structure] and jargon .

Not only do these phenomena still exist , they have been intensified by being reproduced within the framework of a world economy .
not only do these phenomena still exist , they have been intensified by being reproduced within the [structure] of a world economy .

In so far as this political power , as ‘ concentrated violence ’ against the bourgeoisie , is itself an economic force , it is the force which severs the capitalist relations of production , by putting the proletariat in charge of the material and physical framework of production … on the other hand , this same ‘ concentrated violence ’ is partly turned inward , where it is a factor in the self-organisation and compulsory self-discipline of the workers .
in so far as this political power , as ‘ concentrated violence ’ against the bourgeoisie , is itself an economic force , it is the force which severs the capitalist relations of production , by putting the proletariat in charge of the material and physical [structure] of production … on the other hand , this same ‘ concentrated violence ’ is partly turned inward , where it is a factor in the self-organisation and compulsory self-discipline of the workers .

On the contrary ‘ war communism ’ gave further impetus to the economic decline , yet at the same time provided the framework for a new social and political equilibrium .
on the contrary ‘ war communism ’ gave further impetus to the economic decline , yet at the same time provided the [structure] for a new social and political equilibrium .

Yet in reality the state sets the ‘ external ’ framework for this surplus extraction to operate within .
yet in reality the state sets the ‘ external ’ [structure] for this surplus extraction to operate within .

Bukharin was warning that there should not be such a fundamental revision of policies as would mean a return to the arbitrary and commandist methods of ‘ war communism ’ , This meant that , for Bukharin , industrialisation should proceed within the established framework .
bukharin was warning that there should not be such a fundamental revision of policies as would mean a return to the arbitrary and commandist methods of ‘ war communism ’ , this meant that , for bukharin , industrialisation should proceed within the established [structure] .

But it is all within the basic framework of that creature 's subtle and physical structure , within the bounds of instinct .
but it is all within the basic [structure] of that creature 's subtle and physical structure , within the bounds of instinct .

The general framework of a creature 's emotional repertoire is instinctive , not acquired , though the external triggers to emotion may be learnt .
the general [structure] of a creature 's emotional repertoire is instinctive , not acquired , though the external triggers to emotion may be learnt .

Undoubtedly , it does form an integrated web of ideas and , whether right or not , provides a framework within which folklore and legends can be assessed .
undoubtedly , it does form an integrated web of ideas and , whether right or not , provides a [structure] within which folklore and legends can be assessed .

As well as providing a useful way of looking at people 's response to the Earth through the physical structures which have survived , and as a way of interpreting legend , the Spectrum of Response is also a framework into which we can fit our own relationship to the landscape .
as well as providing a useful way of looking at people 's response to the earth through the physical structures which have survived , and as a way of interpreting legend , the spectrum of response is also a [structure] into which we can fit our own relationship to the landscape .

The wish to discern a framework for the Earth itself is something which dates back at least to the time of Ptolemy .
the wish to discern a [structure] for the earth itself is something which dates back at least to the time of ptolemy .

For all its surface vehemence , the second movement observes the explosion from a safe distance , the following allegretto is sluggish and mechanical , with little in the way of slyly pointed playing to sustain it — even the climax fails to break free from its rigid framework , and the Finale , despite a powerful , thrusting allegro , is dogged by a lethargic introduction .
for all its surface vehemence , the second movement observes the explosion from a safe distance , the following allegretto is sluggish and mechanical , with little in the way of slyly pointed playing to sustain it — even the climax fails to break free from its rigid [structure] , and the finale , despite a powerful , thrusting allegro , is dogged by a lethargic introduction .

European Studies : Protection of ethnic , religious and linguistic minorities in Western Europe ; Problems of divided communities ; Problems of human rights ; Problems of regional economic , social and political development within the framework of the nation-state and the process of European integration ; The course of democracy in West Germany ; Church and state in France .
european studies : protection of ethnic , religious and linguistic minorities in western europe ; problems of divided communities ; problems of human rights ; problems of regional economic , social and political development within the [structure] of the nation-state and the process of european integration ; the course of democracy in west germany ; church and state in france .

Although these opportunities for learning occur within the framework of the ward 's routine , extra time will be needed if student tuition is included .
although these opportunities for learning occur within the [structure] of the ward 's routine , extra time will be needed if student tuition is included .

When one gives the learner feedback on her ability these skills provide a framework for assessment .
when one gives the learner feedback on her ability these skills provide a [structure] for assessment .

We could all have thought of suitable answers to that one , but the rigid framework in which we lived dictated that we button up our lips , bite our tongues and suffer in silence .
we could all have thought of suitable answers to that one , but the rigid [structure] in which we lived dictated that we button up our lips , bite our tongues and suffer in silence .

All five degree courses are organized and integrated within a common Faculty framework which makes it possible for students to opt for certain units outside their main subject area .
all five degree courses are organized and integrated within a common faculty [structure] which makes it possible for students to opt for certain units outside their main subject area .

This course offers students the opportunity to study design within a progressive framework which allows concepts and ideas to be tested through informed discourse and practice .
this course offers students the opportunity to study design within a progressive [structure] which allows concepts and ideas to be tested through informed discourse and practice .

The aim of the course is to provide a comprehensive framework for practical and theoretical study in Art and Design .
the aim of the course is to provide a comprehensive [structure] for practical and theoretical study in art and design .

In the second year , students take a range of units which provide the necessary framework for philosophical activity — in the epistemological and metaphysical considerations of the rationalist and empiricist traditions , in logic and in traditions of ethical thought .
in the second year , students take a range of units which provide the necessary [structure] for philosophical activity — in the epistemological and metaphysical considerations of the rationalist and empiricist traditions , in logic and in traditions of ethical thought .

In the second year , students choose from a range of units which provide the necessary framework for philosophical activity — in the epistemological and metaphysical considerations of the rationalist and empiricist traditions , in logic and in traditions of ethical thought .
in the second year , students choose from a range of units which provide the necessary [structure] for philosophical activity — in the epistemological and metaphysical considerations of the rationalist and empiricist traditions , in logic and in traditions of ethical thought .

To this end the course concentrates on the basic skills of programming , systems analysis and design within the coherent framework of the business environment rather than on any one application specialism .
to this end the course concentrates on the basic skills of programming , systems analysis and design within the coherent [structure] of the business environment rather than on any one application specialism .

This programme , given by the prize-winning Georgian Company , takes its framework from the incidental music to two popular Restoration comedies , interspersing instrumental dances with both popular ballads and ornate songs .
this programme , given by the prize-winning georgian company , takes its [structure] from the incidental music to two popular restoration comedies , interspersing instrumental dances with both popular ballads and ornate songs .

‘ This involved the collection of ( mainly qualitative ) data within a sufficiently loosely structured framework to enable unforeseen , as well as predicted , events to be described and accounted for .
‘ this involved the collection of ( mainly qualitative ) data within a sufficiently loosely structured [structure] to enable unforeseen , as well as predicted , events to be described and accounted for .

Every residential home has a framework of daily routines and activities .
every residential home has a [structure] of daily routines and activities .

There are four areas in particular where new research and established practice can give you a good framework and background knowledge for your care .
there are four areas in particular where new research and established practice can give you a good [structure] and background knowledge for your care .

We should remember that neither Marx nor Engels , his co-author , proposed a theory of crime ; and it has been later social theorists working within a Marxist framework who have developed a Marxist theory of crime .
we should remember that neither marx nor engels , his co-author , proposed a theory of crime ; and it has been later social theorists working within a marxist [structure] who have developed a marxist theory of crime .

In this division or career framework it is the Rowdies who are the typical football hooligans .
in this division or career [structure] it is the rowdies who are the typical football hooligans .

This career framework should not be seen as being wholly rigid or fixed .
this career [structure] should not be seen as being wholly rigid or fixed .

Contemporaries noted the continuation of the voluntary tradition within the developing framework of Edwardian collectivism , and probably nowhere was this more obvious than in the realm of child and adolescent welfare .
contemporaries noted the continuation of the voluntary tradition within the developing [structure] of edwardian collectivism , and probably nowhere was this more obvious than in the realm of child and adolescent welfare .

If this is what was meant by adaptability , why was it such a popular idea among those who discussed industrial training within the framework of compulsory part-time day continuation schools ?
if this is what was meant by adaptability , why was it such a popular idea among those who discussed industrial training within the [structure] of compulsory part-time day continuation schools ?

Adolescents were to be taught that they had a duty to serve the community and these ideas were to be bound together within the framework of ‘ citizenship ’ .
adolescents were to be taught that they had a duty to serve the community and these ideas were to be bound together within the [structure] of ‘ citizenship ’ .

Hitherto , youth , unlike children , had been largely ignored but the events and trends that so characterized the decades circa 1880 and 1920 brought young workers firmly within the investigative framework of the social sciences as report after report vividly illustrated their significance in most areas of society .
hitherto , youth , unlike children , had been largely ignored but the events and trends that so characterized the decades circa 1880 and 1920 brought young workers firmly within the investigative [structure] of the social sciences as report after report vividly illustrated their significance in most areas of society .

He is fully aware of the economic , political and legal framework within which he grants loans and accepts collateral , i.e .
he is fully aware of the economic , political and legal [structure] within which he grants loans and accepts collateral , i.e .

Risk analysis provides a framework for tabulating available information - economic , financial and political — in order to measure risk .
risk analysis provides a [structure] for tabulating available information - economic , financial and political — in order to measure risk .

Armed with this knowledge , we then decide to adopt Taylor 's value-added framework ( in his seminal work of 1986 ) to discuss the processes needed to transform information as it first appears in the public domain into information that matches the detailed individual decision-making situation .
armed with this knowledge , we then decide to adopt taylor 's value-added [structure] ( in his seminal work of 1986 ) to discuss the processes needed to transform information as it first appears in the public domain into information that matches the detailed individual decision-making situation .

Fortunately , a framework was recently developed which is of great help in delineating appropriate value-adding roles for librarians and information scientists . In his book Value-added processes in information systems , Robert Taylor lists 23 criteria which users consciously , or unknowingly , make use of in choosing amongst a variety of information presented [ Taylor ( 1986 ) , p 50 ] :
fortunately , a [structure] was recently developed which is of great help in delineating appropriate value-adding roles for librarians and information scientists . in his book value-added processes in information systems , robert taylor lists 23 criteria which users consciously , or unknowingly , make use of in choosing amongst a variety of information presented [ taylor ( 1986 ) , p 50 ] :

The dictionaries and reference works devoted to surnames are useful to the local historian in that they provide a framework of knowledge on which more specific researches may be built .
the dictionaries and reference works devoted to surnames are useful to the local historian in that they provide a [structure] of knowledge on which more specific researches may be built .

When some idea of the framework of objectives , aspirations and activities has been obtained it may be useful to compile a questionnaire , into which answers may be inserted , either by the leader or by the researcher .
when some idea of the [structure] of objectives , aspirations and activities has been obtained it may be useful to compile a questionnaire , into which answers may be inserted , either by the leader or by the researcher .

Other observers place the collapse of the post-war settlement in a narrower ideological framework , arguing that a separate ideology of the Welfare State can be identified independently of capitalism and socialism ( Pinker , 1979 ) .
other observers place the collapse of the post-war settlement in a narrower ideological [structure] , arguing that a separate ideology of the welfare state can be identified independently of capitalism and socialism ( pinker , 1979 ) .

However , it was always intended that UDCs would act primarily as catalysts , providing a framework within which the prime agency for urban renewal — the private sector — would thrive ( DoE , 1980 ) .
however , it was always intended that udcs would act primarily as catalysts , providing a [structure] within which the prime agency for urban renewal — the private sector — would thrive ( doe , 1980 ) .

Sometimes a theoretical framework prescribes that particular factors are considered causally prior to others ; Marxists , for example , assume that in the last instance economic variables take precedence over cultural , political variables .
sometimes a theoretical [structure] prescribes that particular factors are considered causally prior to others ; marxists , for example , assume that in the last instance economic variables take precedence over cultural , political variables .

The main reason is that — though some problems are local and are best studied that way — many others ( even involving a limited geographical extent ) are best understood within a global framework .
the main reason is that — though some problems are local and are best studied that way — many others ( even involving a limited geographical extent ) are best understood within a global [structure] .

In essence , they argue that tiny differences in the initial conditions of many systems can lead to widely different outcomes since the systems exhibit stochastic behaviour within a deterministic framework .
in essence , they argue that tiny differences in the initial conditions of many systems can lead to widely different outcomes since the systems exhibit stochastic behaviour within a deterministic [structure] .

To help ensure the harmonization and comparability of environmental data in the Community as well as the integration of European environmental data into international environmental monitoring programmes , such as those established within the framework of the United Nations and its system of agencies .
to help ensure the harmonization and comparability of environmental data in the community as well as the integration of european environmental data into international environmental monitoring programmes , such as those established within the [structure] of the united nations and its system of agencies .

If they are worked into a framework of thought similar to Kant 's schemata , then it is only necessary to bring up the general subject in which the images rest and they will come before the mind .
if they are worked into a [structure] of thought similar to kant 's schemata , then it is only necessary to bring up the general subject in which the images rest and they will come before the mind .

It is worth repeating here that although discussed in four phases — assessing , planning , implementing and evaluating — individualising nursing is not a linear progression ; it assumes a built-in responsiveness to feedback at any of the phases , giving ample allowance for change within the overall framework .
it is worth repeating here that although discussed in four phases — assessing , planning , implementing and evaluating — individualising nursing is not a linear progression ; it assumes a built-in responsiveness to feedback at any of the phases , giving ample allowance for change within the overall [structure] .

Furthermore , children acting out stories during pretend play are assisted in mastering the storytelling script , or basic framework of story organization .
furthermore , children acting out stories during pretend play are assisted in mastering the storytelling script , or basic [structure] of story organization .

Compared to sociodramatic play , preschoolers ﬁnd it harder to establish a cooperative , shared framework when working together on realistic projects , such as construction , puzzle , and art activities.79 To collaborate on these tasks , they need much more adult instruction and monitoring than they do in make-believe activities .
compared to sociodramatic play , preschoolers ﬁnd it harder to establish a cooperative , shared [structure] when working together on realistic projects , such as construction , puzzle , and art activities.79 to collaborate on these tasks , they need much more adult instruction and monitoring than they do in make-believe activities .

These objectives and guarantees are insufficient in themselves to create a constitution , a framework of government .
these objectives and guarantees are insufficient in themselves to create a constitution , a [structure] of government .

All three grant the power to Congress to enforce the basic framework “ with appropriate legislation. ” True , the new Congress takes as a given many of the provisions of the original Constitution .
all three grant the power to congress to enforce the basic [structure] “ with appropriate legislation. ” true , the new congress takes as a given many of the provisions of the original constitution .

The missing factor is the consciousness of setting forth a new framework of government , a structure based on values fundamentally different from those that went before .
the missing factor is the consciousness of setting forth a new [structure] of government , a structure based on values fundamentally different from those that went before .

The new Nomos , the new framework of values that necessitated a new constitution , comes forth in one of the great prayers of the American civil religion , the Gettysburg Address .
the new nomos , the new [structure] of values that necessitated a new constitution , comes forth in one of the great prayers of the american civil religion , the gettysburg address .

It is almost inconceivable that he would seek to formulate a framework for understanding the war ’ s place in American history without relying on biblical imagery .
it is almost inconceivable that he would seek to formulate a [structure] for understanding the war ’ s place in american history without relying on biblical imagery .

Lincoln remains ambiguous about the “ great task ” to which we should be dedicated so that “ these dead shall not have died in vain. ” The long-range objective is the redemption of the nation from its “ offences ” —from its original sin of having tolerated entrenched inequality in the very framework of its original Constitution .
lincoln remains ambiguous about the “ great task ” to which we should be dedicated so that “ these dead shall not have died in vain. ” the long-range objective is the redemption of the nation from its “ offences ” —from its original sin of having tolerated entrenched inequality in the very [structure] of its original constitution .

As we noted earlier , legal descriptions involve a web of concepts concerning guilt , innocence , responsibility , evidence , admissible procedure that are absent from a description of human actions outside of the legal framework .
as we noted earlier , legal descriptions involve a web of concepts concerning guilt , innocence , responsibility , evidence , admissible procedure that are absent from a description of human actions outside of the legal [structure] .

We begin with an outline of competitive general equilibrium as the cornerstone conceptual framework of modern economics .
we begin with an outline of competitive general equilibrium as the cornerstone conceptual [structure] of modern economics .

As one of the inventors of the framework , Ken is more at liberty to be a critic than the two generations of economists who have followed in his footsteps .
as one of the inventors of the [structure] , ken is more at liberty to be a critic than the two generations of economists who have followed in his footsteps .

My best reading of Ken ’ s view , which I share , is that competitive general equilibrium is , at present , the only overarching framework we have to think about the economy as a whole .
my best reading of ken ’ s view , which i share , is that competitive general equilibrium is , at present , the only overarching [structure] we have to think about the economy as a whole .

Ken suspects that that framework is incomplete ; I agree .
ken suspects that that [structure] is incomplete ; i agree .

Competitive general equilibrium grows out of a conceptual framework in which the core question is how prices form such that markets clear .
competitive general equilibrium grows out of a conceptual [structure] in which the core question is how prices form such that markets clear .

Into a framework of such a diversifying set of goods and services we must graft the central insights of general competitive equilibrium as the approximate short-timescale mechanism that achieves a rough-and-ready approximate clearing of markets at each stage of the evolution of the economy .
into a [structure] of such a diversifying set of goods and services we must graft the central insights of general competitive equilibrium as the approximate short-timescale mechanism that achieves a rough-and-ready approximate clearing of markets at each stage of the evolution of the economy .

A rough hypothetical biological example may help understand market clearing in a more relaxed formal framework than general competitive equilibrium .
a rough hypothetical biological example may help understand market clearing in a more relaxed formal [structure] than general competitive equilibrium .

Beautiful as these fixed-point theorems are , there are two troubles in the rational expectations framework .
beautiful as these fixed-point theorems are , there are two troubles in the rational expectations [structure] .

Technology graphs concern objects and actions , things and objectives , products and processes in a single framework .
technology graphs concern objects and actions , things and objectives , products and processes in a single [structure] .

Indeed , one of the interesting features of technology graphs is that they constitute the proper conceptual framework to consider process and product design simultaneously .
indeed , one of the interesting features of technology graphs is that they constitute the proper conceptual [structure] to consider process and product design simultaneously .

As far as I can tell , we have not had such a conceptual framework before .
as far as i can tell , we have not had such a conceptual [structure] before .

The proper conceptual framework to think about all this activity is the “ state space ” of the system .
the proper conceptual [structure] to think about all this activity is the “ state space ” of the system .

In the first chapter I described the basic framework , due to Alan Perelson and George Oster , of an abstract shape space , where each point would represent a molecular shape .
in the first chapter i described the basic [structure] , due to alan perelson and george oster , of an abstract shape space , where each point would represent a molecular shape .

Current particle physics has united three of the four fundamental forces the electromagnetic , weak , and strong forces called the “ standard model. ” With general relativity , which deals with the remaining force , gravity ; this provides a consistent framework .
current particle physics has united three of the four fundamental forces the electromagnetic , weak , and strong forces called the “ standard model. ” with general relativity , which deals with the remaining force , gravity ; this provides a consistent [structure] .

Quantum mechanics is stated in the framework of Hilbert spaces , which are finite or infinite-dimensional complex spaces , that is , spaces comprised of finite or infinite vectors of complex numbers .
quantum mechanics is stated in the [structure] of hilbert spaces , which are finite or infinite-dimensional complex spaces , that is , spaces comprised of finite or infinite vectors of complex numbers .

If there can be a framework in which time enters naturally , and possibly there is a natural flow of time , or an arrow of time preferentially from past to future , then , among other possible consequences , we may be able to break the matter-antimatter symmetry , for antimatter can be stated as the corresponding matter flowing backward in time .
if there can be a [structure] in which time enters naturally , and possibly there is a natural flow of time , or an arrow of time preferentially from past to future , then , among other possible consequences , we may be able to break the matter-antimatter symmetry , for antimatter can be stated as the corresponding matter flowing backward in time .

Spin networks were invented by Roger Penrose three decades ago as a framework to think about a quantized geometry .
spin networks were invented by roger penrose three decades ago as a [structure] to think about a quantized geometry .

String theory has gained very substantial attention as a potential “ theory of everything , ” namely , a theory that might link all four forces and all the particles of the standard model into a single coherent framework .
string theory has gained very substantial attention as a potential “ theory of everything , ” namely , a theory that might link all four forces and all the particles of the standard model into a single coherent [structure] .

Its branches extend so far that it has had to be supported for many years by a framework of scaffolding .
its branches extend so far that it has had to be supported for many years by a [structure] of scaffolding .

In a magical space looking out over the sea , the beautifully sculpted columns of the cloister create a perfect framework of grace and delicacy for a moment ’ s meditation .
in a magical space looking out over the sea , the beautifully sculpted columns of the cloister create a perfect [structure] of grace and delicacy for a moment ’ s meditation .

They are a people with no history and no literature. ” Lower Canada ’ s pragmatic Louis-Hippolyte Lafontaine accepted the British framework as a means of asserting the Québécois ’ right to equal representation .
they are a people with no history and no literature. ” lower canada ’ s pragmatic louis-hippolyte lafontaine accepted the british [structure] as a means of asserting the québécois ’ right to equal representation .

The act proposes to create an administrative framework under the Department of Community Affairs to contract with a statewide not-for- profit group to allocate funds to nonprofit legal organizations .
the act proposes to create an administrative [structure] under the department of community affairs to contract with a statewide not-for- profit group to allocate funds to nonprofit legal organizations .

He dedicated three years of his life to creating the framework of the Indiana Pro Bono Commission as it was set up by Indiana Code 6.5 , '' said Jennifer Konomos , executive director of the Indiana Pro Bono Commission .
he dedicated three years of his life to creating the [structure] of the indiana pro bono commission as it was set up by indiana code 6.5 , '' said jennifer konomos , executive director of the indiana pro bono commission .

They will also provide a framework for future investigations that target non-responsive patients in need of more extensive services .
they will also provide a [structure] for future investigations that target non-responsive patients in need of more extensive services .

Although GAO has not had time to thoroughly analyze the strategy yet , we previously suggested that certain key elements be incorporated in the homeland security strategy.4 We have indicated that a national homeland security strategy should : 1 ) clearly define and establish the need for homeland security and its operational components , 2 ) clarify the appropriate roles and responsibilities of federal , state , and local entities and build a framework for partnerships for coordination , communication , and collaboration , and 3 ) create specific expectations for performance and accountability , including establishing goals and performance indicators .
although gao has not had time to thoroughly analyze the strategy yet , we previously suggested that certain key elements be incorporated in the homeland security strategy.4 we have indicated that a national homeland security strategy should : 1 ) clearly define and establish the need for homeland security and its operational components , 2 ) clarify the appropriate roles and responsibilities of federal , state , and local entities and build a [structure] for partnerships for coordination , communication , and collaboration , and 3 ) create specific expectations for performance and accountability , including establishing goals and performance indicators .

Specifically , GAO has developed a framework that will help the Congress and the Administration create and implement a strong and effective new cabinet department by establishing criteria to be considered for constructing the department itself , determining which agencies should be included and excluded , and leveraging numerous key management and policy elements that , after completion of the revised organizational structure , will be critical to the department 's success .
specifically , gao has developed a [structure] that will help the congress and the administration create and implement a strong and effective new cabinet department by establishing criteria to be considered for constructing the department itself , determining which agencies should be included and excluded , and leveraging numerous key management and policy elements that , after completion of the revised organizational structure , will be critical to the department 's success .

Figure 1 depicts the proposed framework : 8 U.S. General Accounting Office , Government Reorganization : Issues and Principles , GAO/T-GGD/AIMD-95-166 ( Washington , D.C. : May 17 , 1995 ) .
figure 1 depicts the proposed [structure] : 8 u.s. general accounting office , government reorganization : issues and principles , gao/t-ggd/aimd-95-166 ( washington , d.c. : may 17 , 1995 ) .

Congress may wish to consider whether the new department , as proposed , will dedicate sufficient management capacity and accountability to ensure the execution of nonhomeland security missions , as well as consider potential alternatives to the current framework for handling these important functions .
congress may wish to consider whether the new department , as proposed , will dedicate sufficient management capacity and accountability to ensure the execution of nonhomeland security missions , as well as consider potential alternatives to the current [structure] for handling these important functions .

Chemical and Biological Defense : Program Planning and Evaluation Should Follow Results Act Framework ( GAO/NSIAD-99-159 , August 16 , 1999 ) .
chemical and biological defense : program planning and evaluation should follow results act [structure] ( gao/nsiad-99-159 , august 16 , 1999 ) .

The key practices drawn from the organizations we examined can provide a useful framework for federal agencies working to improve their financial management .
the key practices drawn from the organizations we examined can provide a useful [structure] for federal agencies working to improve their financial management .

In addition , these organizations have created a coherent human capital strategythat is , a framework of human capital policies , programs , and practices specifically designed to steer the organization toward its shared visionand integrated this strategy with the organization 's overall strategic planning .
in addition , these organizations have created a coherent human capital strategythat is , a [structure] of human capital policies , programs , and practices specifically designed to steer the organization toward its shared visionand integrated this strategy with the organization 's overall strategic planning .

As federal agencies develop plans for acquiring and installing financial systems , the ClingerCohen Act of 1996 and related executive branch guidance will provide a framework for designing and deploying information technology .
as federal agencies develop plans for acquiring and installing financial systems , the clingercohen act of 1996 and related executive branch guidance will provide a [structure] for designing and deploying information technology .

Australia and New Zealand prepared and adopted a joint standard 7on `` risk management , '' to provide a cultural framework for managing risk .
australia and new zealand prepared and adopted a joint standard 7on `` risk management , '' to provide a cultural [structure] for managing risk .

Having developed such a framework , an organization is well positioned to determine which control activities to implement to reduce risks and ultimately reduce fraud and errors .
having developed such a [structure] , an organization is well positioned to determine which control activities to implement to reduce risks and ultimately reduce fraud and errors .

This guide is designed to promote senior executives ' awareness of information security issues and to provide information they can use to establish a management framework for more effective information security programs .
this guide is designed to promote senior executives ' awareness of information security issues and to provide information they can use to establish a management [structure] for more effective information security programs .

Although many of these recommendations have been implemented , similar weaknesses continue to surface because agencies have not implemented a management framework for overseeing information security on an agencywide and ongoing basis .
although many of these recommendations have been implemented , similar weaknesses continue to surface because agencies have not implemented a management [structure] for overseeing information security on an agencywide and ongoing basis .

We focused primarily on the management framework that these organizations had established rather than on the specific controls that they had chosen , because previous audit work had identified security management as an underlying problem at federal agencies .
we focused primarily on the management [structure] that these organizations had established rather than on the specific controls that they had chosen , because previous audit work had identified security management as an underlying problem at federal agencies .

Risk Management Principles Provide A Framework for an Effective Information Security Program Although the nature of their operations differed , the organizations all had embraced five risk management principles , which are listed in the box below .
risk management principles provide a [structure] for an effective information security program although the nature of their operations differed , the organizations all had embraced five risk management principles , which are listed in the box below .

Existing Federal Guidance Provides a Framework for Implementing Risk Management Practices OMB 's 1996 revision of Circular A-130 , Appendix III , recognizes that federal agencies have had difficulty in performing effective risk assessments -- expending resources on complex assessments of specific risks with limited tangible benefits in terms of improved security .
existing federal guidance provides a [structure] for implementing risk management practices omb 's 1996 revision of circular a-130 , appendix iii , recognizes that federal agencies have had difficulty in performing effective risk assessments -- expending resources on complex assessments of specific risks with limited tangible benefits in terms of improved security .

Vice President Albert Gore , Jr. , in the Administration 's July 1997 report , A Framework For Global Electronic Commerce To achieve the benefits offered by the new era of computer interconnectivity , the federal government , like other organizational entities and individuals , must find ways to address the associated security implications .
vice president albert gore , jr. , in the administration 's july 1997 report , a [structure] for global electronic commerce to achieve the benefits offered by the new era of computer interconnectivity , the federal government , like other organizational entities and individuals , must find ways to address the associated security implications .

By instituting such a management framework , agencies can strengthen their current security posture , facilitate future system and process improvement efforts , and more confidently take advantage of technology advances .
by instituting such a management [structure] , agencies can strengthen their current security posture , facilitate future system and process improvement efforts , and more confidently take advantage of technology advances .

Concepts do not establish Federal financial accounting standards ; rather they describe the concepts used by FASAB as a framework as it considers and recommends accounting principles for the Federal government .
concepts do not establish federal financial accounting standards ; rather they describe the concepts used by fasab as a [structure] as it considers and recommends accounting principles for the federal government .

With these two laws , Congress imposed on federal agencies a new and more businesslike framework for management and accountability .
with these two laws , congress imposed on federal agencies a new and more businesslike [structure] for management and accountability .

Taken together , the key steps and practices drawn from the organizations we studied provide a useful framework for federal agencies working to implement GPRA .
taken together , the key steps and practices drawn from the organizations we studied provide a useful [structure] for federal agencies working to implement gpra .

In addition , other management improvement efforts , such as implementation of the CFO Act , and FMFIA [ Federal Managers ' Financial Integrity Act ] , customer service initiatives , reengineering , and Total Quality Management , etc. , should be incorporated into the GPRA framework to capitalize on the synergy and availability of key information and to improve responsiveness to customers and other stakeholders.32 Another management reform initiative that provides a legislative basis for measuring performance is the Information Technology Management Reform Act of 1996 , which requires each federal agency to ensure that performance measures are prescribed for information technology that it will use or acquire and that the performance measures assess how well the information technology supports agency programs .
in addition , other management improvement efforts , such as implementation of the cfo act , and fmfia [ federal managers ' financial integrity act ] , customer service initiatives , reengineering , and total quality management , etc. , should be incorporated into the gpra [structure] to capitalize on the synergy and availability of key information and to improve responsiveness to customers and other stakeholders.32 another management reform initiative that provides a legislative basis for measuring performance is the information technology management reform act of 1996 , which requires each federal agency to ensure that performance measures are prescribed for information technology that it will use or acquire and that the performance measures assess how well the information technology supports agency programs .

Overview of the Government Performance and Results Act The Government Performance and Results Act ( GPRA ) is the primary legislative framework through which agencies will be required to set strategic goals , measure performance , and report on the degree to which goals were met .
overview of the government performance and results act the government performance and results act ( gpra ) is the primary legislative [structure] through which agencies will be required to set strategic goals , measure performance , and report on the degree to which goals were met .

This guidance , therefore , provides a flexible , risk-based framework for data reliability assessments that can be geared to the specific circumstances of each engagement .
this guidance , therefore , provides a flexible , risk-based [structure] for data reliability assessments that can be geared to the specific circumstances of each engagement .

The framework also provides a structure for planning and reporting , facilitates bringing the right mix of skills to each engagement , and ensures timely management buy-in on assessment strategies .
the [structure] also provides a structure for planning and reporting , facilitates bringing the right mix of skills to each engagement , and ensures timely management buy-in on assessment strategies .

Nancy Kingsbury Managing Director , Applied Research and Methods Section 1 : Introduction This guidance explains what data reliability means and provides a framework for assessing the reliability of computer-processed data .
nancy kingsbury managing director , applied research and methods section 1 : introduction this guidance explains what data reliability means and provides a [structure] for assessing the reliability of computer-processed data .

The overall framework of the process for data reliability assessment is shown in figure 3 .
the overall [structure] of the process for data reliability assessment is shown in figure 3 .

The framework identifies several key stages in the assessment , as well as actions and decisions expected as you move through the process .
the [structure] identifies several key stages in the assessment , as well as actions and decisions expected as you move through the process .

The framework allows you to identify the appropriate mix of assessment steps to fit the particular needs of your engagement .
the [structure] allows you to identify the appropriate mix of assessment steps to fit the particular needs of your engagement .

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 provides a strong framework for more effective corporate governance and regulation of the accounting profession .
the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002 provides a strong [structure] for more effective corporate governance and regulation of the accounting profession .

The Trueblood Committee ( named after the chairman ) , a group formed by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants ( AICPA ) to study the objectives of financial reporting , recommended financial statements that set forth the objectives of financial accounting and reporting and provided a conceptual framework for deliberations about accounting matters .
the trueblood committee ( named after the chairman ) , a group formed by the american institute of certified public accountants ( aicpa ) to study the objectives of financial reporting , recommended financial statements that set forth the objectives of financial accounting and reporting and provided a conceptual [structure] for deliberations about accounting matters .

Stakeholders may not interpret principles consistently , and it is important for stakeholders to have the same conceptual framework as preparers when interpreting a principle .
stakeholders may not interpret principles consistently , and it is important for stakeholders to have the same conceptual [structure] as preparers when interpreting a principle .

However , the participants recognized that one of the big obstacles for innovation in 7This comment was based on the standards and guidance contained in Internal Control-Integrated Framework , published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations ( COSO ) of the Treadway Commission , for reporting on the effectiveness of internal control , which addresses a company 's control environment including boards of directors and audit committees .
however , the participants recognized that one of the big obstacles for innovation in 7this comment was based on the standards and guidance contained in internal control-integrated [structure] , published by the committee of sponsoring organizations ( coso ) of the treadway commission , for reporting on the effectiveness of internal control , which addresses a company 's control environment including boards of directors and audit committees .

In adopting this Report and Order , the Commission promulgates requirements for basic wireless 911 services and establishes a framework for improving wireless 911 services .
in adopting this report and order , the commission promulgates requirements for basic wireless 911 services and establishes a [structure] for improving wireless 911 services .

JFMIP requirements documents include ( 1 ) a framework for financial management systems , ( 2 ) core financial management systems 6 Examples of internal control include separation of duties , limited access to assets and information , clear documentation of all transactions and events , and the timely recording of transactions and events .
jfmip requirements documents include ( 1 ) a [structure] for financial management systems , ( 2 ) core financial management systems 6 examples of internal control include separation of duties , limited access to assets and information , clear documentation of all transactions and events , and the timely recording of transactions and events .

JFMIP requirements documents identify ( 1 ) a framework for financial management systems , ( 2 ) core financial systems requirements , and ( 3 ) 16 other financial and mixed systems supporting agency operations , not all of which are applicable to all agencies .
jfmip requirements documents identify ( 1 ) a [structure] for financial management systems , ( 2 ) core financial systems requirements , and ( 3 ) 16 other financial and mixed systems supporting agency operations , not all of which are applicable to all agencies .

DOD has made changes to its acquisition policy2 in an attempt to improve its framework for developing weapon systems , but the policy does not require the capture of design or manufacturing knowledge or sufficient criteria to enter the system demonstration and production phases .
dod has made changes to its acquisition policy2 in an attempt to improve its [structure] for developing weapon systems , but the policy does not require the capture of design or manufacturing knowledge or sufficient criteria to enter the system demonstration and production phases .

A Better Match of Policy and Incentives Is Needed to Ensure Capture of Design and Manufacturing Knowledge DOD 's acquisition policy establishes a good framework for developing weapon systems ; however , more specific criteria , disciplined adherence , and stronger acquisition incentives are needed to ensure the timely capture and use of knowledge and decision making .
a better match of policy and incentives is needed to ensure capture of design and manufacturing knowledge dod 's acquisition policy establishes a good [structure] for developing weapon systems ; however , more specific criteria , disciplined adherence , and stronger acquisition incentives are needed to ensure the timely capture and use of knowledge and decision making .

They established a framework of evolutionary product development that limited the amount of design and manufacturing knowledge that had to be captured .
they established a [structure] of evolutionary product development that limited the amount of design and manufacturing knowledge that had to be captured .

This framework limited the design challenge for any one new product development by requiring risky technology , design , or manufacturing requirements to be deferred until a future generation of the product .
this [structure] limited the design challenge for any one new product development by requiring risky technology , design , or manufacturing requirements to be deferred until a future generation of the product .

The other DOD Leading Commercial Companies Use Evolutionary Product Development Framework to Reduce Development Risks programs-the F-22 , ATIRCMS , and PAC-3-did not closely approximate best practices in capturing design or manufacturing knowledge during product development .
the other dod leading commercial companies use evolutionary product development [structure] to reduce development risks programs-the f-22 , atircms , and pac-3-did not closely approximate best practices in capturing design or manufacturing knowledge during product development .

The process established a disciplined framework to capture specific design and manufacturing knowledge about new products .
the process established a disciplined [structure] to capture specific design and manufacturing knowledge about new products .

Chapter 4 A Better Match of Policy and Incentives Is Needed to Ensure Capture of Design and Manufacturing Knowledge The Department of Defense 's ( DOD ) acquisition policy9 establishes a good framework for developing weapon systems ; however , disciplined adherence , more specific criteria , and stronger acquisition incentives are needed to ensure the timely capture and use of knowledge in decision making .
chapter 4 a better match of policy and incentives is needed to ensure capture of design and manufacturing knowledge the department of defense 's ( dod ) acquisition policy9 establishes a good [structure] for developing weapon systems ; however , disciplined adherence , more specific criteria , and stronger acquisition incentives are needed to ensure the timely capture and use of knowledge in decision making .

The current policy establishes a good framework to develop a product , but the policy still lacks specific criteria required to move a program forward and does not tie knowledge to decisions for increasing investments in the program as it moves from system integration to system demonstration .
the current policy establishes a good [structure] to develop a product , but the policy still lacks specific criteria required to move a program forward and does not tie knowledge to decisions for increasing investments in the program as it moves from system integration to system demonstration .

This framework limited the design challenge for any one new product development by allowing risky technology , design , or manufacturing requirements to be deferred until a future generation of the product .
this [structure] limited the design challenge for any one new product development by allowing risky technology , design , or manufacturing requirements to be deferred until a future generation of the product .

GAO testified on the need for the four land management agencies to act quickly to develop a framework to spend funds effectively and to account accurately for what they accomplish with the funds .
gao testified on the need for the four land management agencies to act quickly to develop a [structure] to spend funds effectively and to account accurately for what they accomplish with the funds .

We helped spur the administration to make human capital a priority management objective in the fiscal year 2001 budget submission , and our framework for human capital self-assessment is being used at other agencies , including the Social Security Administration , Small Business Administration , National Aeronautics and Space Administration , and Environmental Protection Agency .
we helped spur the administration to make human capital a priority management objective in the fiscal year 2001 budget submission , and our [structure] for human capital self-assessment is being used at other agencies , including the social security administration , small business administration , national aeronautics and space administration , and environmental protection agency .

The framework also is used throughout GAO to help guide our research and development work and our congressionally driven examinations of how well agencies are pursuing strategic human capital management in support of their missions and goals .
the [structure] also is used throughout gao to help guide our research and development work and our congressionally driven examinations of how well agencies are pursuing strategic human capital management in support of their missions and goals .

In addition , the regulatory framework for the 39 GHz band is expanded to include service rules for mobile operations which , in the view of the FCC , will promote competition by increasing both the diversity of potential service offerings and the number of providers that can offer any service .
in addition , the regulatory [structure] for the 39 ghz band is expanded to include service rules for mobile operations which , in the view of the fcc , will promote competition by increasing both the diversity of potential service offerings and the number of providers that can offer any service .

The proposed revisions fall into three categories : GAGAS framework , consistent application of the standards where applicable to the various types of audits , and strengthening or streamlining the standards .
the proposed revisions fall into three categories : gagas [structure] , consistent application of the standards where applicable to the various types of audits , and strengthening or streamlining the standards .

To assist you in developing your comments , this letter discusses the proposed GAGAS framework and encloses a listing of the proposed changes to GAGAS made for consistent application of the standards or for strengthening or streamlining the standards .
to assist you in developing your comments , this letter discusses the proposed gagas [structure] and encloses a listing of the proposed changes to gagas made for consistent application of the standards or for strengthening or streamlining the standards .

While the principles of serving the public interest and maintaining the highest sense of integrity , objectivity , and independence are not explicitly stated in the AICPA 's due professional care standard , these principles serve as the framework for all AICPA rules and standards .
while the principles of serving the public interest and maintaining the highest sense of integrity , objectivity , and independence are not explicitly stated in the aicpa 's due professional care standard , these principles serve as the [structure] for all aicpa rules and standards .

The term `` financial statement '' refers to a presentation of financial data , including accompanying notes , derived from accounting records and intended to communicate an entity 's economic resources or obligations at a point in time or the changes therein for a period of time in conformity with an identifiable framework , such as generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) or an other comprehensive basis of accounting ( OCBOA ) .
the term `` financial statement '' refers to a presentation of financial data , including accompanying notes , derived from accounting records and intended to communicate an entity 's economic resources or obligations at a point in time or the changes therein for a period of time in conformity with an identifiable [structure] , such as generally accepted accounting principles ( gaap ) or an other comprehensive basis of accounting ( ocboa ) .

Refer to internal control guidance developed for the private sector , Internal Control - Integrated Framework , published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ( COSO ) .
refer to internal control guidance developed for the private sector , internal control - integrated [structure] , published by the committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission ( coso ) .

The Standards for Internal Control in the Federal Government ( GAO/AIMD-00-21.3.1 , November 1999 ) and Internal Control-Integrated Framework , published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ( COSO Report ) are two sources of established criteria auditors can use to support their judgments and conclusions about internal control .
the standards for internal control in the federal government ( gao/aimd-00-21.3.1 , november 1999 ) and internal control-integrated [structure] , published by the committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission ( coso report ) are two sources of established criteria auditors can use to support their judgments and conclusions about internal control .

This guide is designed to promote senior executives ' awareness of information security issues and to provide information they can use to establish a management framework for more effective information security programs .
this guide is designed to promote senior executives ' awareness of information security issues and to provide information they can use to establish a management [structure] for more effective information security programs .

Although many of these recommendations have been implemented , similar weaknesses continue to surface because agencies have not implemented a management framework for overseeing information security on an agencywide and ongoing basis .
although many of these recommendations have been implemented , similar weaknesses continue to surface because agencies have not implemented a management [structure] for overseeing information security on an agencywide and ongoing basis .

We focused primarily on the management framework that these organizations had established rather than on the specific controls that they had chosen , because previous audit work had identified security management as an underlying problem at federal agencies .
we focused primarily on the management [structure] that these organizations had established rather than on the specific controls that they had chosen , because previous audit work had identified security management as an underlying problem at federal agencies .

Risk Management Principles Provide A Framework for an Effective Information Security Program Although the nature of their operations differed , the organizations all had embraced five risk management principles , which are listed in the box below .
risk management principles provide a [structure] for an effective information security program although the nature of their operations differed , the organizations all had embraced five risk management principles , which are listed in the box below .

Existing Federal Guidance Provides a Framework for Implementing Risk Management Practices OMB 's 1996 revision of Circular A-130 , Appendix III , recognizes that federal agencies have had difficulty in performing effective risk assessments -- expending resources on complex assessments of specific risks with limited tangible benefits in terms of improved security .
existing federal guidance provides a [structure] for implementing risk management practices omb 's 1996 revision of circular a-130 , appendix iii , recognizes that federal agencies have had difficulty in performing effective risk assessments -- expending resources on complex assessments of specific risks with limited tangible benefits in terms of improved security .

Vice President Albert Gore , Jr. , in the Administration 's July 1997 report , A Framework For Global Electronic Commerce To achieve the benefits offered by the new era of computer interconnectivity , the federal government , like other organizational entities and individuals , must find ways to address the associated security implications .
vice president albert gore , jr. , in the administration 's july 1997 report , a [structure] for global electronic commerce to achieve the benefits offered by the new era of computer interconnectivity , the federal government , like other organizational entities and individuals , must find ways to address the associated security implications .

By instituting such a management framework , agencies can strengthen their current security posture , facilitate future system and process improvement efforts , and more confidently take advantage of technology advances .
by instituting such a management [structure] , agencies can strengthen their current security posture , facilitate future system and process improvement efforts , and more confidently take advantage of technology advances .

The rule establishes requirements applicable to meat and poultry establishments designed to reduce the occurrence and numbers of pathogenic microorganisms on meat and poultry products , reduce the incidence of foodborne illness associated with the consumption of those products and provide a new framework for modernization of the current system of meat and poultry inspection .
the rule establishes requirements applicable to meat and poultry establishments designed to reduce the occurrence and numbers of pathogenic microorganisms on meat and poultry products , reduce the incidence of foodborne illness associated with the consumption of those products and provide a new [structure] for modernization of the current system of meat and poultry inspection .

Thus , this plan not only incorporates congressional views about what it believes to be important and emerging issues , it also establishes a framework for seeing fundamental constitutional responsibilities in the context of current challenges and emerging changes in the coming years .
thus , this plan not only incorporates congressional views about what it believes to be important and emerging issues , it also establishes a [structure] for seeing fundamental constitutional responsibilities in the context of current challenges and emerging changes in the coming years .

As mentioned earlier , legislation enacted in the 1990s has provided a statutory framework that includes the Government Performance and Results Act of 1993 , the Chief Financial Officers ( CFO ) Act of 1990 and related financial management legislation , and information technology reform legislation , including the ClingerCohen Act of 1996 and the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 .
as mentioned earlier , legislation enacted in the 1990s has provided a statutory [structure] that includes the government performance and results act of 1993 , the chief financial officers ( cfo ) act of 1990 and related financial management legislation , and information technology reform legislation , including the clingercohen act of 1996 and the paperwork reduction act of 1995 .

The effective implementation of the statutory framework to improve the performance , management , and accountability of the federal government , although important , is not an end in itself .
the effective implementation of the statutory [structure] to improve the performance , management , and accountability of the federal government , although important , is not an end in itself .

Rather , the implementation of the framework is the means to an end-improved federal performance through enhanced executive branch and congressional decisionmaking and oversight .
rather , the implementation of the [structure] is the means to an end-improved federal performance through enhanced executive branch and congressional decisionmaking and oversight .

The government 's human capital management has emerged as the missing link in the statutory and management framework that the Congress and the executive branch have established to provide for a resultsoriented federal government .
the government 's human capital management has emerged as the missing link in the statutory and management [structure] that the congress and the executive branch have established to provide for a resultsoriented federal government .

The internal focus of the fourth goal provides a framework for enhancing GAO 's effectiveness and helping to improve performance and accountability throughout the agency .
the internal focus of the fourth goal provides a [structure] for enhancing gao 's effectiveness and helping to improve performance and accountability throughout the agency .

I am convinced that the Strategic Plan we have articulated with the support of the Congress will provide a strong framework for improving government and meeting the nation 's challenges in the years ahead .
i am convinced that the strategic plan we have articulated with the support of the congress will provide a strong [structure] for improving government and meeting the nation 's challenges in the years ahead .

It significantly eases the regulatory burdens on offering participants by eliminating the trading restrictions for underwriters of activelytraded securities of large issuers , reducing the restricted periods for other securities , providing a more flexible framework for stabilizing transactions , expanding the securities eligible for Nasdaq passive market making during an offering , and deregulating rights offerings .
it significantly eases the regulatory burdens on offering participants by eliminating the trading restrictions for underwriters of activelytraded securities of large issuers , reducing the restricted periods for other securities , providing a more flexible [structure] for stabilizing transactions , expanding the securities eligible for nasdaq passive market making during an offering , and deregulating rights offerings .

The SEC believes that the benefits of the rule outweigh the costs attributed to it since it will significantly ease the regulatory burden by eliminating the trading restrictions for underwriters of actively-traded securities , reducing the restricted periods for other securities , provide a more flexible framework for stabilizing transactions , expanding the securities eligible for Nasdaq passive market making during an offering and deregulating rights offerings .
the sec believes that the benefits of the rule outweigh the costs attributed to it since it will significantly ease the regulatory burden by eliminating the trading restrictions for underwriters of actively-traded securities , reducing the restricted periods for other securities , provide a more flexible [structure] for stabilizing transactions , expanding the securities eligible for nasdaq passive market making during an offering and deregulating rights offerings .

That analysis notes that the rule will carry out the Congress ' intent to establish a consistent regulatory framework for all commercial mobile radio services and that the rule will assist in the development of competition between wireless and wireline services for the benefit of consumers .
that analysis notes that the rule will carry out the congress ' intent to establish a consistent regulatory [structure] for all commercial mobile radio services and that the rule will assist in the development of competition between wireless and wireline services for the benefit of consumers .

See U.S. General Accounting Office , Architect of the Capitol : Management and Accountability Framework Needed to Lead and Execute Change , GAO-02-632T ( Washington , D.C. : Apr .
see u.s. general accounting office , architect of the capitol : management and accountability [structure] needed to lead and execute change , gao-02-632t ( washington , d.c. : apr .

The standards provide the overall framework for establishing and maintaining internal control and for identifying and addressing major performance and management challenges and areas at greatest risk of fraud , waste , abuse , and mismanagement .
the standards provide the overall [structure] for establishing and maintaining internal control and for identifying and addressing major performance and management challenges and areas at greatest risk of fraud , waste , abuse , and mismanagement .

Furthermore , the private sector has updated its internal control guidance with the issuance of Internal Control - Integrated Framework , published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ( COSO ) .
furthermore , the private sector has updated its internal control guidance with the issuance of internal control - integrated [structure] , published by the committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission ( coso ) .

The fundamental concepts provide the underlying framework for designing and applying the standards .
the fundamental concepts provide the underlying [structure] for designing and applying the standards .

These standards provide a general framework .
these standards provide a general [structure] .

It provides management 's framework for planning , directing , and controlling operations to achieve agency objectives .
it provides management 's [structure] for planning , directing , and controlling operations to achieve agency objectives .

While the analysis states that EPA is confident of the cost figures included in the analysis , an estimation of the benefits is more difficult because of EPA 's inability to quantitatively evaluate all human and ecosystem benefits and to assign monetary values to these benefits for a comparison in a standard cost-benefit framework .
while the analysis states that epa is confident of the cost figures included in the analysis , an estimation of the benefits is more difficult because of epa 's inability to quantitatively evaluate all human and ecosystem benefits and to assign monetary values to these benefits for a comparison in a standard cost-benefit [structure] .

The rule provides the main regulatory framework for the National Low Emission Vehicle program and creates the means whereby automobile and light-duty truck manufacturers can volunteer to comply with tailpipe standards that are more strict than EPA can mandate at this time .
the rule provides the main regulatory [structure] for the national low emission vehicle program and creates the means whereby automobile and light-duty truck manufacturers can volunteer to comply with tailpipe standards that are more strict than epa can mandate at this time .

This guide provides a logical framework for evaluating information technology acquisitions .
this guide provides a logical [structure] for evaluating information technology acquisitions .

FIPS PUB 99-Guideline : A Framework for the Evaluation and Comparison of Software Development Tools , Mar .
fips pub 99-guideline : a [structure] for the evaluation and comparison of software development tools , mar .

The majority of the agencies that responded appreciated GAO 's initiative to develop the protocols and said that they were comprehensive and provided a framework for meaningful communication .
the majority of the agencies that responded appreciated gao 's initiative to develop the protocols and said that they were comprehensive and provided a [structure] for meaningful communication .

They are intended to enhance GAO 's working relationships with agencies by building on practices that have proved successful in the past and by establishing a framework that will supersede prior arrangements with the agencies .
they are intended to enhance gao 's working relationships with agencies by building on practices that have proved successful in the past and by establishing a [structure] that will supersede prior arrangements with the agencies .

The protocols reflect the framework of GAO 's engagement and audit activities .
the protocols reflect the [structure] of gao 's engagement and audit activities .

He reviewed the GAO reports in detail , analyzed the data from each one in terms of his framework , and aggregated the results in his final chapter .
he reviewed the gao reports in detail , analyzed the data from each one in terms of his [structure] , and aggregated the results in his final chapter .

The flow of events over time for each significant actor and for significant points in the series of events forms the organizing framework for data analysis within each site .
the flow of events over time for each significant actor and for significant points in the series of events forms the organizing [structure] for data analysis within each site .

The latter is a particularly promising method for GAO , because it can capitalize on the large number of case-study-like reports that are available , on the quality of the documentation that supports their findings , and on the general methodological framework that GAO 's standards provide .
the latter is a particularly promising method for gao , because it can capitalize on the large number of case-study-like reports that are available , on the quality of the documentation that supports their findings , and on the general methodological [structure] that gao 's standards provide .

The case study report can provide an organizing framework for thinking about these and other experiences .
the case study report can provide an organizing [structure] for thinking about these and other experiences .

In a good case study , the conceptual framework for organizing the inquiry is quite explicit about expectations .
in a good case study , the conceptual [structure] for organizing the inquiry is quite explicit about expectations .

Long-term simulations are useful for comparing the potential outcome of alternative national saving paths within a common economic framework .
long-term simulations are useful for comparing the potential outcome of alternative national saving paths within a common economic [structure] .

For a recent summary of this empirical debate , see William Gale , `` The Impact of Pensions and 401 ( k ) Plans on Saving : A Critical Assessment of the State of the Literature , '' paper presented at ERISA After 25 Years : A Framework for Evaluating Pension Reform , Washington , D.C. , September 17 , 1999 .
for a recent summary of this empirical debate , see william gale , `` the impact of pensions and 401 ( k ) plans on saving : a critical assessment of the state of the literature , '' paper presented at erisa after 25 years : a [structure] for evaluating pension reform , washington , d.c. , september 17 , 1999 .

For more information about the analytical framework for assessing Social Security reform proposals offered by GAO , see Social Security : Criteria for Evaluating Social Security Reform Proposals ( GAO/T-HEHS-99-94 , March 25 , 1999 ) and Social Security : Evaluating Reform Proposals ( GAO/AIMD/HEHS-00-29 , November 4 , 1999 ) .
for more information about the analytical [structure] for assessing social security reform proposals offered by gao , see social security : criteria for evaluating social security reform proposals ( gao/t-hehs-99-94 , march 25 , 1999 ) and social security : evaluating reform proposals ( gao/aimd/hehs-00-29 , november 4 , 1999 ) .

Long-term simulations are useful for comparing the potential outcomes of alternative saving rates within a common economic framework .
long-term simulations are useful for comparing the potential outcomes of alternative saving rates within a common economic [structure] .

To analyze the effect of fiscal policy on saving and growth , we modified the original model to include a set of relationships that describe the federal budget and its links to the economy , using the framework of the National Income and Product Accounts ( NIPA ) .
to analyze the effect of fiscal policy on saving and growth , we modified the original model to include a set of relationships that describe the federal budget and its links to the economy , using the [structure] of the national income and product accounts ( nipa ) .

The model is helpful for exploring the long-term implications of national saving and fiscal policy and for comparing alternative paths within a common economic framework .
the model is helpful for exploring the long-term implications of national saving and fiscal policy and for comparing alternative paths within a common economic [structure] .

In particular , the model provides a useful framework for assessing the long-term implications of alternative budget policies through their effect on national saving .
in particular , the model provides a useful [structure] for assessing the long-term implications of alternative budget policies through their effect on national saving .

To help the Postal Service resolve its problems , we have long recommended that the Service and its unions and management associations establish a framework agreement to outline common goals .
to help the postal service resolve its problems , we have long recommended that the service and its unions and management associations establish a [structure] agreement to outline common goals .

We have also noted that the Results Act can provide an effective framework for union and management representatives to discuss and agree upon goals and strategies .
we have also noted that the results act can provide an effective [structure] for union and management representatives to discuss and agree upon goals and strategies .

On a governmentwide basis , Congress , under the bi-partisan leadership of this Committee and the House Government Reform Committee , has established a statutory framework consisting of requirements for goal-setting and performance measurement , financial management , and information technology management , all aimed at improving the performance , management , and accountability of the federal government .
on a governmentwide basis , congress , under the bi-partisan leadership of this committee and the house government reform committee , has established a statutory [structure] consisting of requirements for goal-setting and performance measurement , financial management , and information technology management , all aimed at improving the performance , management , and accountability of the federal government .

Through the enactment of the framework and its efforts to foster the framework 's implementation , Congress has , in effect , served as an institutional champion for improving the management of the federal government , providing a consistent focus for oversight and reinforcement of important policies .
through the enactment of the [structure] and its efforts to foster the [structure] 's implementation , congress has , in effect , served as an institutional champion for improving the management of the federal government , providing a consistent focus for oversight and reinforcement of important policies .

Together with a number of other laws enacted over the past several years to foster improvements in such areas as financial management , acquisition , and computer security , this legislation discussed above composes a statutory framework for achieving performance-based management and accountability in not just information management , but overall federal management.3 ( Appendix I provides a list of these key federal laws affecting information management . )
together with a number of other laws enacted over the past several years to foster improvements in such areas as financial management , acquisition , and computer security , this legislation discussed above composes a statutory [structure] for achieving performance-based management and accountability in not just information management , but overall federal management.3 ( appendix i provides a list of these key federal laws affecting information management . )

As the executive leaders for information and technology management , federal CIOs have a key role in helping their agencies fulfill many of the provisions embodied in this management reform framework .
as the executive leaders for information and technology management , federal cios have a key role in helping their agencies fulfill many of the provisions embodied in this management reform [structure] .

Managing for Results : The Statutory Framework for Performance-Based Management and Accountability ( GAO/GGD/AIMD-98-52 , January 28 , 1998 ) and Managing for Results : The Statutory Framework for Improving Federal Management and Effectiveness ( GAO/T-GGD/AIMD-97-144 , June 24 , 1997 ) .
managing for results : the statutory [structure] for performance-based management and accountability ( gao/ggd/aimd-98-52 , january 28 , 1998 ) and managing for results : the statutory [structure] for improving federal management and effectiveness ( gao/t-ggd/aimd-97-144 , june 24 , 1997 ) .

Based on interviews with private-sector and state CIOs and other research , we have developed a framework of critical success factors and leading principles .
based on interviews with private-sector and state cios and other research , we have developed a [structure] of critical success factors and leading principles .

The balance of this guide describes this framework and its application to CIOs in the federal government .
the balance of this guide describes this [structure] and its application to cios in the federal government .

These differences , and their impact on the framework developed in this guide , will be discussed in the ƒUsing this Guide≈ section .
these differences , and their impact on the [structure] developed in this guide , will be discussed in the ƒusing this guide≈ section .

The following discussion focuses on the common elements among the private , state , and federal sectors , and the application of the framework across all three .
the following discussion focuses on the common elements among the private , state , and federal sectors , and the application of the [structure] across all three .

Using This Guide The principles and practices we developed based on our interviews with leading organizations in the private sector and state government have enabled us to construct a framework to guide federal CIO organizations .
using this guide the principles and practices we developed based on our interviews with leading organizations in the private sector and state government have enabled us to construct a [structure] to guide federal cio organizations .

The CIO Council , or other organizations of federal CIOs , can create an opportunity for sharing these experiences , using the principles described in this guide as an organizing framework .
the cio council , or other organizations of federal cios , can create an opportunity for sharing these experiences , using the principles described in this guide as an organizing [structure] .

The act also requires agencies to prepare annual program performance reports to review progress toward annual performance goals Chief Financial Officers ( CFO ) Act of 1990 ( Public Law 101-576 ) ¬ The CFO Act provides a framework for improving federal government financial systems .
the act also requires agencies to prepare annual program performance reports to review progress toward annual performance goals chief financial officers ( cfo ) act of 1990 ( public law 101-576 ) ¬ the cfo act provides a [structure] for improving federal government financial systems .

Appendix VI Selected Information Management Reports and Guidance An Analytical Framework for Capital Planning and Investment Control for Information Technology , U.S. General Services Administration , Office of Policy , Planning and Evaluation , Office of Information Technology , May 1996. ƒBest IT Practices in the Federal Government , ≈ CIO Council and IAC , October 1997 .
appendix vi selected information management reports and guidance an analytical [structure] for capital planning and investment control for information technology , u.s. general services administration , office of policy , planning and evaluation , office of information technology , may 1996. ƒbest it practices in the federal government , ≈ cio council and iac , october 1997 .

Federal Enterprise Architecture Framework , Version 1.1 , Federal CIO Council , September 1999 .
federal enterprise architecture [structure] , version 1.1 , federal cio council , september 1999 .

V. RECONFIGURATION REVIEW PROCESS On July 19 , 2001 , LSC implemented a Reconfiguration Re view Process establishing an official framework by which designated state planning bodies21 may seek review of LSC reconfiguration decisions .
v. reconfiguration review process on july 19 , 2001 , lsc implemented a reconfiguration re view process establishing an official [structure] by which designated state planning bodies21 may seek review of lsc reconfiguration decisions .

State justice communities examine leadership within a multicultural framework and use the results in staff and leadership training .
state justice communities examine leadership within a multicultural [structure] and use the results in staff and leadership training .

STATUTORY FRAMEWORK LSC has the statutory responsibility to ensure that recipients comply with the provisions of the LSC Act and regulations and any other laws , including appropriation provisions , which apply to LSC funds or recipients .
statutory [structure] lsc has the statutory responsibility to ensure that recipients comply with the provisions of the lsc act and regulations and any other laws , including appropriation provisions , which apply to lsc funds or recipients .

Unique State Ethics Rules : LSC acknowledges that there may be states where the rules of professional responsibility , ethics rulings , case law or other laws differ from the general framework under the Model Rules of Professional Responsibility and where the disclosures sought by OCE may implicate the recipient attorneys ' professional responsibilities or other law .
unique state ethics rules : lsc acknowledges that there may be states where the rules of professional responsibility , ethics rulings , case law or other laws differ from the general [structure] under the model rules of professional responsibility and where the disclosures sought by oce may implicate the recipient attorneys ' professional responsibilities or other law .

It recommended three broad strategies to address these issues : increasing the flow of information among the providers ; establishing formal collaborative arrangements in areas such as technology , planning and development , and substantive support and training ; and creation of a framework for more ongoing planning and system-wide decision-making regarding issues affecting the entire system , particularly with regard to substantive matters not being addressed .
it recommended three broad strategies to address these issues : increasing the flow of information among the providers ; establishing formal collaborative arrangements in areas such as technology , planning and development , and substantive support and training ; and creation of a [structure] for more ongoing planning and system-wide decision-making regarding issues affecting the entire system , particularly with regard to substantive matters not being addressed .

Within this framework , the plan laid out initiatives to improve and streamline every aspect of the delivery system 's operations .
within this [structure] , the plan laid out initiatives to improve and streamline every aspect of the delivery system 's operations .

Description of the Integrated Planning Model ( IPM ) Analytical Framework of IPM • EPA uses the Integrated Planning Model ( IPM ) to analyze the projected impact of environmental policies on the electric power sector in the 48 contiguous states and the District of Columbia .
description of the integrated planning model ( ipm ) analytical [structure] of ipm • epa uses the integrated planning model ( ipm ) to analyze the projected impact of environmental policies on the electric power sector in the 48 contiguous states and the district of columbia .

With the adjustments described above now reflected in the current analytical framework , and using the program cost information documented in the CEF study , Table 3 summarizes the incremental program costs that were assumed as necessary to drive the kind of changes in electricity consumption and emissions described in Table 2 .
with the adjustments described above now reflected in the current analytical [structure] , and using the program cost information documented in the cef study , table 3 summarizes the incremental program costs that were assumed as necessary to drive the kind of changes in electricity consumption and emissions described in table 2 .

On the other hand , the presumption of a trade-off between environmental and economic benefits may not provide an entirely appropriate framework for analysis of such policies ( DeCanio , 1997 ) .
on the other hand , the presumption of a trade-off between environmental and economic benefits may not provide an entirely appropriate [structure] for analysis of such policies ( decanio , 1997 ) .

A Framework for Economic Impact Analysis and Industry Growth Assessment : Description of the AMIGA System , Decision and Information Sciences Division , Argonne National Laboratory , Argonne , IL , April , 1999 .
a [structure] for economic impact analysis and industry growth assessment : description of the amiga system , decision and information sciences division , argonne national laboratory , argonne , il , april , 1999 .

A Framework for Economic Impact Analysis and Industry Growth Assessment : Description of the AMIGA System , Decision and Information Sciences Division , Argonne National Laboratory , Argonne , IL , April , 1999 .
a [structure] for economic impact analysis and industry growth assessment : description of the amiga system , decision and information sciences division , argonne national laboratory , argonne , il , april , 1999 .

Section II ( Analytical Approach ) discusses the analytic framework used in conducting this assessment , which includes scenario development , emissions modeling , air quality modeling , human health and visibility effects estimation , economic valuation , and adjustments for income growth and benefits aggregation .
section ii ( analytical approach ) discusses the analytic [structure] used in conducting this assessment , which includes scenario development , emissions modeling , air quality modeling , human health and visibility effects estimation , economic valuation , and adjustments for income growth and benefits aggregation .

ANALYTICAL APPROACH The framework for the Clear Skies Act benefits analysis is the same as that used in three recent state-of-the-art EPA regulatory analyses : the Section 812 Prospective Analysis ( U.S. EPA , 1999a ) ; the Tier II motor vehicle/gasoline sulfur rules Regulatory Impact Analysis ( RIA ) ( U.S. EPA , 1999b ) ; and the Heavy-Duty Engine/Diesel Fuel RIA ( U.S. EPA , 2000b ) .
analytical approach the [structure] for the clear skies act benefits analysis is the same as that used in three recent state-of-the-art epa regulatory analyses : the section 812 prospective analysis ( u.s. epa , 1999a ) ; the tier ii motor vehicle/gasoline sulfur rules regulatory impact analysis ( ria ) ( u.s. epa , 1999b ) ; and the heavy-duty engine/diesel fuel ria ( u.s. epa , 2000b ) .

Exhibit 2 outlines the analytical framework used to study the benefits of the Clear Skies Act .
exhibit 2 outlines the analytical [structure] used to study the benefits of the clear skies act .

GENERAL GUIDE LINES It is necessary to discuss the framework within which the Postal Service 's adjustment process will be considered .
general guide lines it is necessary to discuss the [structure] within which the postal service 's adjustment process will be considered .

In addition , one would expect a renewed interest in costs for narrow product categories , even for specific customers.9 If the Private Express Statutes were repealed , it is possible that Congress would also change the framework for labor negotiations , especially the no-strike rule and the requirement for binding arbitration when no agreement is reached through collective 7 The restriction would be that it must provide some reasonable level of service on seemingly reasonable terms to all recipients .
in addition , one would expect a renewed interest in costs for narrow product categories , even for specific customers.9 if the private express statutes were repealed , it is possible that congress would also change the [structure] for labor negotiations , especially the no-strike rule and the requirement for binding arbitration when no agreement is reached through collective 7 the restriction would be that it must provide some reasonable level of service on seemingly reasonable terms to all recipients .

What is important is that labor negotiations take place within the framework of a situation where the loss of business to competitors is an everyday reality .
what is important is that labor negotiations take place within the [structure] of a situation where the loss of business to competitors is an everyday reality .

Within the existing rate-setting framework , the idea of an inverse price cap is to allow the Commission to recommend an average price level ( or index ) that is viewed as a floor .
within the existing rate-setting [structure] , the idea of an inverse price cap is to allow the commission to recommend an average price level ( or index ) that is viewed as a floor .

Within the framework of this paper , it could play a role as well .
within the [structure] of this paper , it could play a role as well .

This would provide substantial freedom to compete , but within a constrained framework .
this would provide substantial freedom to compete , but within a constrained [structure] .

The result could be a framework everyone can live with .
the result could be a [structure] everyone can live with .

On the other hand , monopolies can be harmful to consumers when they protect technically inefficient behavior , and allow economic rents to be extracted.3 This paper sets up a framework to examine the following question : Do the economies of scale in the delivery function exceed the technical inefficiencies and economic rents of the Postal Service ?
on the other hand , monopolies can be harmful to consumers when they protect technically inefficient behavior , and allow economic rents to be extracted.3 this paper sets up a [structure] to examine the following question : do the economies of scale in the delivery function exceed the technical inefficiencies and economic rents of the postal service ?

The framework within which these issues will be considered is the existing United States postal system , about which the author knows a little .
the [structure] within which these issues will be considered is the existing united states postal system , about which the author knows a little .

Within the framework of these assumptions , three steps are taken .
within the [structure] of these assumptions , three steps are taken .

While Binalshibh admits KSM did direct him to send Moussaoui money during the mid-July conversation , he denies knowing exactly why he received this instruction-though he thought the money was being provided `` within the framework '' of the 9/11 operation .
while binalshibh admits ksm did direct him to send moussaoui money during the mid-july conversation , he denies knowing exactly why he received this instruction-though he thought the money was being provided `` within the [structure] '' of the 9/11 operation .

A large population lives outside the legal framework .
a large population lives outside the legal [structure] .

An outstanding conceptual framework for this kind of `` trusted information network '' has been developed by a task force of leading professionals in national security , information technology , and law assembled by the Markle Foundation .
an outstanding conceptual [structure] for this kind of `` trusted information network '' has been developed by a task force of leading professionals in national security , information technology , and law assembled by the markle foundation .

With this simple framework , it was now possible to determine at which stage ( s ) a new factor ( e.g. , nicotine , sleep deprivation , or Parkinson 's disease ) had its influence .
with this simple [structure] , it was now possible to determine at which stage ( s ) a new factor ( e.g. , nicotine , sleep deprivation , or parkinson 's disease ) had its influence .

After introducing the conceptual framework Odling-Smee et al .
after introducing the conceptual [structure] odling-smee et al .

It is a great pity that the authors give so little space to plants and plant ecology , as it here that some of the finest examples of niche construction are found , as well as the best-developed conceptual framework for studying the roles of environmental feedback .
it is a great pity that the authors give so little space to plants and plant ecology , as it here that some of the finest examples of niche construction are found , as well as the best-developed conceptual [structure] for studying the roles of environmental feedback .

Multinational agreements , such as the recently activated Framework Convention on Tobacco Control ( www.who.int/tobacco/en ) , can create effective international cooperative efforts to stem the tide of global tobacco use .
multinational agreements , such as the recently activated [structure] convention on tobacco control ( www.who.int/tobacco/en ) , can create effective international cooperative efforts to stem the tide of global tobacco use .

Although the recommendations were implicitly focused on human rights and on improving opportunity for the worst-off populations , making that framework explicit helps us to acknowledge and clarify the values on which decisions for developing information systems are made .
although the recommendations were implicitly focused on human rights and on improving opportunity for the worst-off populations , making that [structure] explicit helps us to acknowledge and clarify the values on which decisions for developing information systems are made .

The framework is based on several principles rooted in human rights and their implied actions ( see Sidebar ) .
the [structure] is based on several principles rooted in human rights and their implied actions ( see sidebar ) .

A human rights framework can inform a minimally acceptable level of data collection in health information systems—that is , a core set of equity indicators—as well as the conditions surrounding the release and use of that data .
a human rights [structure] can inform a minimally acceptable level of data collection in health information systems—that is , a core set of equity indicators—as well as the conditions surrounding the release and use of that data .

This interpretation of health inequities directly coincides with a human rights framework since it focuses on a broad concept of health as well as on means to and opportunities for health .
this interpretation of health inequities directly coincides with a human rights [structure] since it focuses on a broad concept of health as well as on means to and opportunities for health .

To apply our theoretical framework to KwaZulu–Natal we model the specific location of the 17 HCFs and the 51 communities of 500 or more individuals ( see Figure 1 ) ; for these conditions we determine an OEAS .
to apply our theoretical [structure] to kwazulu–natal we model the specific location of the 17 hcfs and the 51 communities of 500 or more individuals ( see figure 1 ) ; for these conditions we determine an oeas .

Discussion We have established an elegant and simple theoretical framework for determining an equitable and rational allocation of ARVs to HCFs in resource-constrained countries .
discussion we have established an elegant and simple theoretical [structure] for determining an equitable and rational allocation of arvs to hcfs in resource-constrained countries .

In a rights framework , “ mental health needs ” are not analyzed ( as they are in many studies ) in terms of the application of given diagnostic criteria in isolation from the social context that leads to use of the mental health sector , and mentally disabled persons are treated as more than patients who need services [ 7,8 ] .
in a rights [structure] , “ mental health needs ” are not analyzed ( as they are in many studies ) in terms of the application of given diagnostic criteria in isolation from the social context that leads to use of the mental health sector , and mentally disabled persons are treated as more than patients who need services [ 7,8 ] .

Thus , a human rights framework calls for changes that go beyond quality of care to include both legal and services reforms .
thus , a human rights [structure] calls for changes that go beyond quality of care to include both legal and services reforms .

Once mental health is construed in terms of human rights , all states are required , at a very minimum , to establish a normative framework consistent with international law [ 13 ] .
once mental health is construed in terms of human rights , all states are required , at a very minimum , to establish a normative [structure] consistent with international law [ 13 ] .

Such a normative framework provides for procedural protections ; it also provides for human rights oversight and remedies in the event of abuses .
such a normative [structure] provides for procedural protections ; it also provides for human rights oversight and remedies in the event of abuses .

Conclusions and Reflections on Steps MDRI works through a human rights framework that links the improvement of mental health services with broader questions of social justice and nondiscrimination relating to the full spectrum of rights set out in international instruments [ 13,14 ] .
conclusions and reflections on steps mdri works through a human rights [structure] that links the improvement of mental health services with broader questions of social justice and nondiscrimination relating to the full spectrum of rights set out in international instruments [ 13,14 ] .

At least for the macrobiota , the DNA barcoding community has moved away from this to emphasize the importance of embedding any large-scale sequence database within the existing framework and practice of systematics , including the importance of voucher specimens and of integrating molecular with morphological characters .
at least for the macrobiota , the dna barcoding community has moved away from this to emphasize the importance of embedding any large-scale sequence database within the existing [structure] and practice of systematics , including the importance of voucher specimens and of integrating molecular with morphological characters .

A New Trade Framework Analysis of worldwide drug expenditure shows that spending varies , but is close to 1 % of the gross domestic product ( GDP ) in most developed and developing countries ( Love 2003b ) .
a new trade [structure] analysis of worldwide drug expenditure shows that spending varies , but is close to 1 % of the gross domestic product ( gdp ) in most developed and developing countries ( love 2003b ) .

Taken together , the two core steps of changing the trade framework and moving away from marketing monopolies can change the world in a positive way .
taken together , the two core steps of changing the trade [structure] and moving away from marketing monopolies can change the world in a positive way .

Mining the Mind for Riches The in situ data will be matched in a three-dimensional framework to the reference atlas developed by Allen 's team .
mining the mind for riches the in situ data will be matched in a three-dimensional [structure] to the reference atlas developed by allen 's team .

Guidance may be forthcoming , however , from the World Health Organization Framework Convention on Tobacco Control , which began operation in February 2005 as an international treaty aimed at controlling tobacco packaging , marketing , and use [ 61 ] .
guidance may be forthcoming , however , from the world health organization [structure] convention on tobacco control , which began operation in february 2005 as an international treaty aimed at controlling tobacco packaging , marketing , and use [ 61 ] .

Over 60 nation-states are currently parties to the Framework Convention on Tobacco Control , including many European nations and Japan , although the United States has yet to approve this treaty .
over 60 nation-states are currently parties to the [structure] convention on tobacco control , including many european nations and japan , although the united states has yet to approve this treaty .

The ZF-MODELS consortium , which is funded under the European Union 's Sixth Framework Programme , aims to establish zebrafish models for human diseases , discover genes that will lead to the identification of new drug targets , and gain fundamental insights into human development .
the zf-models consortium , which is funded under the european union 's sixth [structure] programme , aims to establish zebrafish models for human diseases , discover genes that will lead to the identification of new drug targets , and gain fundamental insights into human development .

There is much more that could be analyzed to place Lichtenstein in an art-historical framework , but perhaps one should just enjoy the power of the concrete image , simplified to its high-tone essentials and projected at large visual angle onto our excitable retinas .
there is much more that could be analyzed to place lichtenstein in an art-historical [structure] , but perhaps one should just enjoy the power of the concrete image , simplified to its high-tone essentials and projected at large visual angle onto our excitable retinas .

Others , including the resistin discoverers , continue their quest to uncover resistin 's role in humans , and have started to think outside the framework defined by the mouse data .
others , including the resistin discoverers , continue their quest to uncover resistin 's role in humans , and have started to think outside the [structure] defined by the mouse data .

In particular , they seek the independence and excellence achieved outside of the EU framework .
in particular , they seek the independence and excellence achieved outside of the eu [structure] .

More to the point , they are weary of the bureaucratic formulations that determine how the EU 's research budget , currently known as the Sixth Framework Programme ( 2002–2006 ) and worth around €4.4 billion/year ( or just over 5 % of all public spending on nonmilitary research in the region ) , is spent and distributed .
more to the point , they are weary of the bureaucratic formulations that determine how the eu 's research budget , currently known as the sixth [structure] programme ( 2002–2006 ) and worth around €4.4 billion/year ( or just over 5 % of all public spending on nonmilitary research in the region ) , is spent and distributed .

A Fund for Excellence The European Commission now appears ready to accept the need for a common structure that would have , as the Commission puts it , ‘ more open and less binding ’ programmes of basic research , in contrast to the Framework Programme , whose emphasis is on applied research with commercial objectives .
a fund for excellence the european commission now appears ready to accept the need for a common structure that would have , as the commission puts it , ‘ more open and less binding ’ programmes of basic research , in contrast to the [structure] programme , whose emphasis is on applied research with commercial objectives .

On this timetable , setting up of the ERC could begin in 2006 when the next five-year Framework Programme , FP7 , gets underway .
on this timetable , setting up of the erc could begin in 2006 when the next five-year [structure] programme , fp7 , gets underway .

Excellence is key. ’ Taylor 's cautions reflect his experience of the EU 's Framework Programme and his reservations that any initiative from Brussels can be free of red tape .
excellence is key. ’ taylor 's cautions reflect his experience of the eu 's [structure] programme and his reservations that any initiative from brussels can be free of red tape .

If you try to form very complex bureaucratic organisations to do the research , you get a lot of delays and so on , so things are not very timely. ’ The Framework Programme 's failures need not spell disaster for the fledgling funding council , insists Lennart Philipson , former director general of the European Molecular Biology Laboratory ( EMBL ) in Heidelberg , Germany , and now an emeritus professor at the Karolinska Institute in Stockholm , Sweden .
if you try to form very complex bureaucratic organisations to do the research , you get a lot of delays and so on , so things are not very timely. ’ the [structure] programme 's failures need not spell disaster for the fledgling funding council , insists lennart philipson , former director general of the european molecular biology laboratory ( embl ) in heidelberg , germany , and now an emeritus professor at the karolinska institute in stockholm , sweden .

A large group of scientists from all over the world has developed a framework to analyze these data .
a large group of scientists from all over the world has developed a [structure] to analyze these data .

Occasionally , science provides an interpretation that fits cleanly into the framework of existing ideas , and then it is heralded with great applause , and often with a sense of relief .
occasionally , science provides an interpretation that fits cleanly into the [structure] of existing ideas , and then it is heralded with great applause , and often with a sense of relief .

In the near future , we can look forward to full genome sequences that span a broader ecological and phylogenetic diversity of endosymbionts and provide a richer comparative framework to test existing models and develop new ones .
in the near future , we can look forward to full genome sequences that span a broader ecological and phylogenetic diversity of endosymbionts and provide a richer comparative [structure] to test existing models and develop new ones .

The Precarious US Framework for Protecting Children Despite numerous attempts to upgrade the regulatory system , such as the CBTS , the framework to protect children from environmental toxins is precarious .
the precarious us [structure] for protecting children despite numerous attempts to upgrade the regulatory system , such as the cbts , the [structure] to protect children from environmental toxins is precarious .

The European Framework : “ REACH ” In 2001 , the European Commission affirmed that the European Union 's legislative framework did not provide adequate information about the adverse effects of chemicals on human health , and that when hazards were identified the regulatory agencies were slow to assess risks and to introduce measures to reduce those risks [ 78 ] .
the european [structure] : “ reach ” in 2001 , the european commission affirmed that the european union 's legislative [structure] did not provide adequate information about the adverse effects of chemicals on human health , and that when hazards were identified the regulatory agencies were slow to assess risks and to introduce measures to reduce those risks [ 78 ] .

The European Commission proposed a new regulatory framework for chemicals , REACH ( Registration , Evaluation , and Authorization of Chemicals ) [ 78,79 ] ( Figure 1 ) .
the european commission proposed a new regulatory [structure] for chemicals , reach ( registration , evaluation , and authorization of chemicals ) [ 78,79 ] ( figure 1 ) .

He decided to encapsulate his ideas in a “ Framework ” paper with Koch ( Crick and Koch 2003 ) .
he decided to encapsulate his ideas in a “ [structure] ” paper with koch ( crick and koch 2003 ) .

Each of the points of the Framework could form a major research initiative .
each of the points of the [structure] could form a major research initiative .

He was using his framework , pointing out the route to understanding the Ω of his career .
he was using his [structure] , pointing out the route to understanding the ω of his career .

He believes that metabolic and neutral ecology can become elements of some larger theoretical framework .
he believes that metabolic and neutral ecology can become elements of some larger theoretical [structure] .

No , not a prediction ( for that is not the way to think about it ) but a relevant social framework to identify issues and problems .
no , not a prediction ( for that is not the way to think about it ) but a relevant social [structure] to identify issues and problems .

The economic dimension is a `` change of scale , '' as all national economies are absorbed into a global framework .
the economic dimension is a `` change of scale , '' as all national economies are absorbed into a global [structure] .

Indeed , the `` vast majority of the population approved the Nuremberg laws '' not only because they `` identified with the racialist policy '' but `` especially '' because `` a permanent framework of discrimination had been created that would end the reign of terror and set precise limits to antisemitic activities . ''
indeed , the `` vast majority of the population approved the nuremberg laws '' not only because they `` identified with the racialist policy '' but `` especially '' because `` a permanent [structure] of discrimination had been created that would end the reign of terror and set precise limits to antisemitic activities . ''

It will take more than one generation before the ways of a bureaucratic dictatorship give way to those of a liberal democracy , whatever Russia 's legal framework says . ''
it will take more than one generation before the ways of a bureaucratic dictatorship give way to those of a liberal democracy , whatever russia 's legal [structure] says . ''

For the record , I used the term as a framework for understanding Diana -- in particular how its symptoms interacted to produce the chaotic behavior that so many close to her witnessed over the years .
for the record , i used the term as a [structure] for understanding diana -- in particular how its symptoms interacted to produce the chaotic behavior that so many close to her witnessed over the years .

More likely , the driving force was the field 's internal intellectual logic : Economists had answered most of the interesting questions they could ask in the old framework and found that constant-returns economics was running into , well , diminishing returns .
more likely , the driving force was the field 's internal intellectual logic : economists had answered most of the interesting questions they could ask in the old [structure] and found that constant-returns economics was running into , well , diminishing returns .

Working on a budget that 's chump change and a script that 's little more than a framework for actors ' improvisations , directors Daniel Myrick and Eduardo Sanchez have harnessed the most irrational fears of every human alive .
working on a budget that 's chump change and a script that 's little more than a [structure] for actors ' improvisations , directors daniel myrick and eduardo sanchez have harnessed the most irrational fears of every human alive .

Kissinger offers them a stiff foreign policy framework , a set of principles sharply contrasted to Clinton 's ad hocism .
kissinger offers them a stiff foreign policy [structure] , a set of principles sharply contrasted to clinton 's ad hocism .

When Dorothy Parker lamented that `` I hate writing , but I love having written , '' she was expressing the sort of routine tradeoff between current costs and future benefits that fits right into the traditional economic framework .
when dorothy parker lamented that `` i hate writing , but i love having written , '' she was expressing the sort of routine tradeoff between current costs and future benefits that fits right into the traditional economic [structure] .

The plan would culminate at the end of the year in a Barak-Clinton-Arafat summit to declare an `` agreed framework for the permanent settlement '' or , failing that , a declaration of principles outlining the steps toward a settlement .
the plan would culminate at the end of the year in a barak-clinton-arafat summit to declare an `` agreed [structure] for the permanent settlement '' or , failing that , a declaration of principles outlining the steps toward a settlement .

Pro-democracy student demonstrators at Tehran University are calling for a faster movement of the government toward democracy and the rule of law but still within the framework of an Islamic republic .
pro-democracy student demonstrators at tehran university are calling for a faster movement of the government toward democracy and the rule of law but still within the [structure] of an islamic republic .

These institutions helped bring bitter adversaries into a framework of mutual support and benefit .
these institutions helped bring bitter adversaries into a [structure] of mutual support and benefit .

Is it possible that Reagan 's policies such as the tax cuts , deregulation , privatization of government assets , and the celebration of the entrepreneur as the true American hero , created the necessary political and social framework for the silicon revolution ?
is it possible that reagan 's policies such as the tax cuts , deregulation , privatization of government assets , and the celebration of the entrepreneur as the true american hero , created the necessary political and social [structure] for the silicon revolution ?

Without some guiding framework ( even a framework troubled by more political maneuvering than MacFarquhar reported ) , mental-health work would be an intellectual wilderness .
without some guiding [structure] ( even a [structure] troubled by more political maneuvering than macfarquhar reported ) , mental-health work would be an intellectual wilderness .

A more in-depth view would recognize that when the basic framework of a society disintegrates , external food supplies may just lead to additional reproduction , and thus more widespread starvation .
a more in-depth view would recognize that when the basic [structure] of a society disintegrates , external food supplies may just lead to additional reproduction , and thus more widespread starvation .

By taking away the jury 's choice to consider a manslaughter conviction , Scheck gambled that they shared his ability to operate within a `` narrowed framework . ''
by taking away the jury 's choice to consider a manslaughter conviction , scheck gambled that they shared his ability to operate within a `` narrowed [structure] . ''

Borrowing its framework from Citizen Kane , the movie follows a reporter ( Christian Bale ) assigned to reconstruct Slade 's life and solve the mystery of his whereabouts .
borrowing its [structure] from citizen kane , the movie follows a reporter ( christian bale ) assigned to reconstruct slade 's life and solve the mystery of his whereabouts .

Staples appears to contrast the middle-class black community from the lower-class community when it appears to fit his framework but to ignore it when it does not fit within his argument .
staples appears to contrast the middle-class black community from the lower-class community when it appears to fit his [structure] but to ignore it when it does not fit within his argument .

Officials hope the agreement will develop into the framework for a peace treaty early next year .
officials hope the agreement will develop into the [structure] for a peace treaty early next year .

Within that narrowed framework , Scheck could construct an intellectually honest defense : There was reasonable doubt because police forensic work was shameful .
within that narrowed [structure] , scheck could construct an intellectually honest defense : there was reasonable doubt because police forensic work was shameful .

My framework also includes Rolling Stone from that era , the Voice in the '60s and early '70s , Spy in the late '80s .
my [structure] also includes rolling stone from that era , the voice in the '60s and early '70s , spy in the late '80s .

The `` disinterested historian , reviewing the history of the mandate , must conclude that the diplomatic framework for Zionist state-building from Balfour to Bevin was , in large measure , a British construct .
the `` disinterested historian , reviewing the history of the mandate , must conclude that the diplomatic [structure] for zionist state-building from balfour to bevin was , in large measure , a british construct .

Their terrible sessions ( click for a sample ) anchor the tale and provide a framework for its telling .
their terrible sessions ( click for a sample ) anchor the tale and provide a [structure] for its telling .

Their book offers a history of black-white race relations since the late 19 th century ; discusses racial controversies in a wide array of contexts ( employment , housing , social-welfare programs , electoral politics , criminal justice ) ; and prescribes a framework within which to fashion policy .
their book offers a history of black-white race relations since the late 19 th century ; discusses racial controversies in a wide array of contexts ( employment , housing , social-welfare programs , electoral politics , criminal justice ) ; and prescribes a [structure] within which to fashion policy .

In a front-page report , the paper said Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak will offer statehood to the Palestinians in the `` framework agreement '' they are due to sign next February and in exchange will demand that the Palestinians recognize West Jerusalem as the Israeli capital ; but the paper said in an editorial that `` the parties have yet to deal with the heart of the conflict . ''
in a front-page report , the paper said israeli prime minister ehud barak will offer statehood to the palestinians in the `` [structure] agreement '' they are due to sign next february and in exchange will demand that the palestinians recognize west jerusalem as the israeli capital ; but the paper said in an editorial that `` the parties have yet to deal with the heart of the conflict . ''

He joined Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak and Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat to begin designing the `` framework '' for peace , which they 've agreed to complete by February .
he joined israeli prime minister ehud barak and palestinian leader yasser arafat to begin designing the `` [structure] '' for peace , which they 've agreed to complete by february .

In its editorial , Le Monde defended the WTO against its French critics , saying it is much better to negotiate with the United States in a multilateral framework than to let the United States exercise its power in bilateral deals with other countries .
in its editorial , le monde defended the wto against its french critics , saying it is much better to negotiate with the united states in a multilateral [structure] than to let the united states exercise its power in bilateral deals with other countries .

He takes pains to say he is not offering a plan for a perfect society , merely a `` framework for utopia '' ( the phrase is Robert Nozick 's ) .
he takes pains to say he is not offering a plan for a perfect society , merely a `` [structure] for utopia '' ( the phrase is robert nozick 's ) .

It is within this generally agreed-upon context that all the historians ' Cold War debates take place -- and Gaddis ' thoughtful but often long-winded book broadly accepts this framework .
it is within this generally agreed-upon context that all the historians ' cold war debates take place -- and gaddis ' thoughtful but often long-winded book broadly accepts this [structure] .

He pushed for foreign aid and investment throughout the developing world and helped persuade President Truman to come up with his famous Point Four formulation in 1949 , which set the framework for American economic assistance overseas .
he pushed for foreign aid and investment throughout the developing world and helped persuade president truman to come up with his famous point four formulation in 1949 , which set the [structure] for american economic assistance overseas .

Grove 's basic idea is that there are `` strategic inflection points , '' moments where the entire framework in which business has been conducted is transformed and companies must adapt or die .
grove 's basic idea is that there are `` strategic inflection points , '' moments where the entire [structure] in which business has been conducted is transformed and companies must adapt or die .

What has made Intel such a stable company over the past decade has been Grove 's ability to plan for change and adapt to it while holding the overall framework steady .
what has made intel such a stable company over the past decade has been grove 's ability to plan for change and adapt to it while holding the overall [structure] steady .

Albright and Rubin want `` a political settlement '' and a `` political framework based on Rambouillet . ''
albright and rubin want `` a political settlement '' and a `` political [structure] based on rambouillet . ''

The Hindu commented that `` this modest outcome was on expected lines and while it provided a framework for a new beginning , a lot would depend on the follow-up , '' whereas the Times of India wrote that the `` bold steps '' in the memorandum of understanding `` set the tone for a shared vision of peace and stability . ''
the hindu commented that `` this modest outcome was on expected lines and while it provided a [structure] for a new beginning , a lot would depend on the follow-up , '' whereas the times of india wrote that the `` bold steps '' in the memorandum of understanding `` set the tone for a shared vision of peace and stability . ''

On foreign policy , he said only that his `` framework '' would emphasize what 's `` good for America . ''
on foreign policy , he said only that his `` [structure] '' would emphasize what 's `` good for america . ''

Juneteenth does n't pretend to be a definitive framework or even a framework at all .
juneteenth does n't pretend to be a definitive [structure] or even a [structure] at all .

The liberal Guardian highlighted Blair 's call for a new `` doctrine of international community '' and his explicit statement in a speech in Chicago that his `` Third Way '' thinking offers a framework for the entire globe .
the liberal guardian highlighted blair 's call for a new `` doctrine of international community '' and his explicit statement in a speech in chicago that his `` third way '' thinking offers a [structure] for the entire globe .

Second , the legal framework shifts the burden from Clinton to his accusers .
second , the legal [structure] shifts the burden from clinton to his accusers .

Third , this framework lends a high-minded legal cast to a low-minded excuse for ignoring the story .
third , this [structure] lends a high-minded legal cast to a low-minded excuse for ignoring the story .

For anyone but the most ardent Thompson-committee groupie , the piece is a massive , unenlightening info-dump , containing paragraph after paragraph of brain-bending detail that 's barely placed within a conceptual framework .
for anyone but the most ardent thompson-committee groupie , the piece is a massive , unenlightening info-dump , containing paragraph after paragraph of brain-bending detail that 's barely placed within a conceptual [structure] .

Without such a framework , even the cleverest organizing tactics will come to seem hollow .
without such a [structure] , even the cleverest organizing tactics will come to seem hollow .

A catamaran is a raft of logs lashed together or a boat formed of two hulls held together by a bridgelike framework .
a catamaran is a raft of logs lashed together or a boat formed of two hulls held together by a bridgelike [structure] .

I bought a word-processing program called FRAMEWORK II .
i bought a word-processing program called [structure] ii .

FRAMEWORK II is sold by Ashton-Tate , a silicon-valley concern that makes quite good programs but , like most of the software companies , produces such abominable manuals with directions for using the programs that they have to maintain a staff of several dozen “ technical personnel ” who are on duty about 12 hours a day , beginning at about six in the morning ( California time ) merely in order to answer the questions of confused customers .
[structure] ii is sold by ashton-tate , a silicon-valley concern that makes quite good programs but , like most of the software companies , produces such abominable manuals with directions for using the programs that they have to maintain a staff of several dozen “ technical personnel ” who are on duty about 12 hours a day , beginning at about six in the morning ( california time ) merely in order to answer the questions of confused customers .

One of the services performed by FRAMEWORK II is in a program subroutine called the Spelling Checker .
one of the services performed by [structure] ii is in a program subroutine called the spelling checker .

It seems unnecessary to point out that FRAMEWORK II can not have a very sophisticated list of words if it has only 37,000 in its memory , but I thought it might be interesting to see what suggestions it might make as substitutions for the words it “ disliked. ” In each listing below , the boldface word is the word that FRAMEWORK “ disliked ” ; the words following are the substitutions it suggested .
it seems unnecessary to point out that [structure] ii can not have a very sophisticated list of words if it has only 37,000 in its memory , but i thought it might be interesting to see what suggestions it might make as substitutions for the words it “ disliked. ” in each listing below , the boldface word is the word that [structure] “ disliked ” ; the words following are the substitutions it suggested .

Since then , I have updated FRAMEWORK II to FRAMEWORK III to add , as they say in the trade , a few “ bells and whistles , ” and , because my present computer is configured with only 640,000 bytes of RAM ( RandomAccess Memory ) and can perform only a pitiful five zillion operations a second , I am planning to add RAM and memory to enable it to perform a few zillion more -- or is that per millisecond or microsecond ? -- in order to have a device that can keep pace with the speed with which I change my mind .
since then , i have updated [structure] ii to [structure] iii to add , as they say in the trade , a few “ bells and whistles , ” and , because my present computer is configured with only 640,000 bytes of ram ( randomaccess memory ) and can perform only a pitiful five zillion operations a second , i am planning to add ram and memory to enable it to perform a few zillion more -- or is that per millisecond or microsecond ? -- in order to have a device that can keep pace with the speed with which i change my mind .

According to Nash , true wit must meet the following standards : ( 1 ) The practitioner must have a quick mind , ( 2 ) The witticism must be stated within a very tight framework , and ( 3 ) It is characterized by four common rhetorical devices : parallelism , antithesis , definition , and quasi-philosophical propositions , an example being Woody Allen 's line , Not only is God dead , but try getting a plumber on Sunday .
according to nash , true wit must meet the following standards : ( 1 ) the practitioner must have a quick mind , ( 2 ) the witticism must be stated within a very tight [structure] , and ( 3 ) it is characterized by four common rhetorical devices : parallelism , antithesis , definition , and quasi-philosophical propositions , an example being woody allen 's line , not only is god dead , but try getting a plumber on sunday .

Other terms that elicit laughter are lower on the pecking order because , although they may display quick thinking , they may lack the tight framework .
other terms that elicit laughter are lower on the pecking order because , although they may display quick thinking , they may lack the tight [structure] .

In a way a joke , in its structure , is the antithesis of a witticism in that is usually placed within a narrative framework and withholds any response until the punch line is reached .
in a way a joke , in its structure , is the antithesis of a witticism in that is usually placed within a narrative [structure] and withholds any response until the punch line is reached .

Drawing on insights from social anthropology and psycholinguistics and using examples from a great many languages and cultures , she builds up a model which includes communications within the overall framework of cultural competence .
drawing on insights from social anthropology and psycholinguistics and using examples from a great many languages and cultures , she builds up a model which includes communications within the overall [structure] of cultural competence .

Her book establishes a framework for such analysis designed both to describe sexism in a text and , through a process she names feminist stylistics , to deconstruct the way in which point of view , agency , metaphor , and other features of the text are unexpectedly closely related to matters of gender .
her book establishes a [structure] for such analysis designed both to describe sexism in a text and , through a process she names feminist stylistics , to deconstruct the way in which point of view , agency , metaphor , and other features of the text are unexpectedly closely related to matters of gender .

To worsen things , the author is not even consistent within the framework of this distinction .
to worsen things , the author is not even consistent within the [structure] of this distinction .

The main problem with them is that they rely on the compiler 's ability to anticipate with some accuracy the associative contextual framework of the user .
the main problem with them is that they rely on the compiler 's ability to anticipate with some accuracy the associative contextual [structure] of the user .

Some word processing programs now offer such a feature -- the one I use Framework III ( Ashton-Tate ) , is not bad at all -- and writers as well as compositors and publishers seem to care less and less whether a word is hypenated in an acceptable manner .
some word processing programs now offer such a feature -- the one i use [structure] iii ( ashton-tate ) , is not bad at all -- and writers as well as compositors and publishers seem to care less and less whether a word is hypenated in an acceptable manner .

I bought a word-processing program called Framework II .
i bought a word-processing program called [structure] ii .

Framework is sold by Ashton-Tate , a Silicon-Valley concern that makes quite good programs but , like most of the “ software ” companies , produces such abominable manuals with directions for using the programs that they have to maintain a staff of several dozen “ technical personnel ” who are on duty about 12 hours a day beginning at six in the morning ( California time ) merely in order to answer the questions of confused customers .
[structure] is sold by ashton-tate , a silicon-valley concern that makes quite good programs but , like most of the “ software ” companies , produces such abominable manuals with directions for using the programs that they have to maintain a staff of several dozen “ technical personnel ” who are on duty about 12 hours a day beginning at six in the morning ( california time ) merely in order to answer the questions of confused customers .

One of the services performed by Framework is in a program subroutine called Spelling Check .
one of the services performed by [structure] is in a program subroutine called spelling check .

I do not need a spelling checker , but I have found it extremeely useful as a means for proofreading text that has been keyboarded into storage in the Framework program .
i do not need a spelling checker , but i have found it extremeely useful as a means for proofreading text that has been keyboarded into storage in the [structure] program .

It seems unnecessary to point out that Framework can not have a very sophisticated list of words if it has only 37,000 in its memory , but I thought it might be interesting to see what substitutions were evoked by SUGGEST .
it seems unnecessary to point out that [structure] can not have a very sophisticated list of words if it has only 37,000 in its memory , but i thought it might be interesting to see what substitutions were evoked by suggest .

In each listing below , the boldface word is the word at which Framework stopped , offering to SUGGEST a substitute ; the words following are the substitutions it suggested .
in each listing below , the boldface word is the word at which [structure] stopped , offering to suggest a substitute ; the words following are the substitutions it suggested .

Recently Americanizing a British text using the American spelling checker in my Framework III program , I discovered that the program is ignorant of American preferred spellings , like labeled vs labelled , traveler vs traveller , though it catches travelling .
recently americanizing a british text using the american spelling checker in my [structure] iii program , i discovered that the program is ignorant of american preferred spellings , like labeled vs labelled , traveler vs traveller , though it catches travelling .

It seems redundant to point out that all offers I have made in the past to put Ashton-Tate on the right track regarding language ( and manuals ) have been ignored , though it is hard to say whether that is out of their arrogance , their ignorance , or their inability to read my letters. -- Editor ] I read with interest the account of your experience with the Ashton-Tate word-processing program Framework III [ XVI ,4 ] .
it seems redundant to point out that all offers i have made in the past to put ashton-tate on the right track regarding language ( and manuals ) have been ignored , though it is hard to say whether that is out of their arrogance , their ignorance , or their inability to read my letters. -- editor ] i read with interest the account of your experience with the ashton-tate word-processing program [structure] iii [ xvi ,4 ] .

