For many years he had provided music and entertainment for functions throughout the Northwest .
for many years he had provided music and entertainment for [purposes] throughout the northwest .

The board is diminished in both respects , while it retains control over zoning , franchises , pier leases , sale , leasing and assignment of property , and other trusteeship functions .
the board is diminished in both respects , while it retains control over zoning , franchises , pier leases , sale , leasing and assignment of property , and other trusteeship [purposes] .

The Controller retains his essential `` fiscal watchdog '' functions ; ;
the controller retains his essential `` fiscal watchdog '' [purposes] ; ;

Borough Presidents , while retaining membership in the Board of Estimate , lose their housekeeping functions .
borough presidents , while retaining membership in the board of estimate , lose their housekeeping [purposes] .

Because your soul was made to be filled with God Himself , not religious functions `` about '' Him .
because your soul was made to be filled with god himself , not religious [purposes] `` about '' him .

We find , for example , such groupings as the Five Ancient Rulers , the Five Sacred Mountains , the Five Directions ( with Center ) , the Five Metals , Five Colors , Five Tastes , Five Odors , Five Musical Notes , Five Bodily Functions , Five Viscera , and many others .
we find , for example , such groupings as the five ancient rulers , the five sacred mountains , the five directions ( with center ) , the five metals , five colors , five tastes , five odors , five musical notes , five bodily [purposes] , five viscera , and many others .

Fundamental to the difficulty of creating the desired prestige is the fact that , in the business community , prestige and status are conferred in proportion to the authority that one man has over others and the extent of which he participates in the management functions '' .
fundamental to the difficulty of creating the desired prestige is the fact that , in the business community , prestige and status are conferred in proportion to the authority that one man has over others and the extent of which he participates in the management [purposes] '' .

Abnormal pressure , applied over a period of time , produces a change in the bony deposit , so a tooth functions normally in the new position into which it has been guided .
abnormal pressure , applied over a period of time , produces a change in the bony deposit , so a tooth [purposes] normally in the new position into which it has been guided .

They talked and wrote much about the elemental functions of the body .
they talked and wrote much about the elemental [purposes] of the body .

Our Masu is one of the very few architects in Japan who is trying to plan homes around family functions and women's needs .
our masu is one of the very few architects in japan who is trying to plan homes around family [purposes] and women's needs .

It will be shown that the objectives of the cooperative people in an organization determine the type of network required , because the type of network functions according to the characteristics of the messages enumerated in Table 1 .
it will be shown that the objectives of the cooperative people in an organization determine the type of network required , because the type of network [purposes] according to the characteristics of the messages enumerated in table 1 .

Such characters , with their low existence and often low morality , produce humorous effects in his novels and tales , as they did in the writing of Longstreet and Hooper and Harris , but it need not be added that he gives them far subtler and more intricate functions than they had in the earlier writers ; ;
such characters , with their low existence and often low morality , produce humorous effects in his novels and tales , as they did in the writing of longstreet and hooper and harris , but it need not be added that he gives them far subtler and more intricate [purposes] than they had in the earlier writers ; ;

She has rarely been photographed with him and , except for Carl's seventy-fifth anniversary celebration in Chicago in 1953 , she has not attended the dozens of banquets , functions , public appearances , and dinners honoring him -- all of this upon her insistence .
she has rarely been photographed with him and , except for carl's seventy-fifth anniversary celebration in chicago in 1953 , she has not attended the dozens of banquets , [purposes] , public appearances , and dinners honoring him -- all of this upon her insistence .

F.S.C. Northrop , in his discussion of The `` Functions And Future Of Poetry '' , suggests this : `` One of the things which makes our lives drab and empty and which leaves us , at the end of the day , fatigued and deflated spiritually is the pressure of the taxing , practical , utilitarian concern of common-sense objects .
f.s.c. northrop , in his discussion of the `` [purposes] and future of poetry '' , suggests this : `` one of the things which makes our lives drab and empty and which leaves us , at the end of the day , fatigued and deflated spiritually is the pressure of the taxing , practical , utilitarian concern of common-sense objects .

Well led , properly organized cavalry , in its complementary role to infantry , had four functions .
well led , properly organized cavalry , in its complementary role to infantry , had four [purposes] .

but with the growth of state and federal fiscal aid , the emphasis on equalization , and the state-local sharing of responsibility for certain important functions , this is no longer true .
but with the growth of state and federal fiscal aid , the emphasis on equalization , and the state-local sharing of responsibility for certain important [purposes] , this is no longer true .

In carrying out his functions under Section 2 of this Act , the Secretary may -- ( A )
in carrying out his [purposes] under section 2 of this act , the secretary may -- ( a )

There is hereby authorized to be appropriated , out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated , such sums as may be necessary to enable the Commission to carry out its functions under this Title .
there is hereby authorized to be appropriated , out of any money in the treasury not otherwise appropriated , such sums as may be necessary to enable the commission to carry out its [purposes] under this title .

MacLean stressed correctly the importance of the visceral brain for preservation of the individual and the species , as evidenced by the influence of the limbic brain ( including the hypothalamus ) on emotions related to fight and flight and also on sexual functions .
maclean stressed correctly the importance of the visceral brain for preservation of the individual and the species , as evidenced by the influence of the limbic brain ( including the hypothalamus ) on emotions related to fight and flight and also on sexual [purposes] .

For the interpretation of these significant investigations , it should be remembered that reciprocal relations exist in the hypothalamus with respect to autonomic and somatic functions which are closely associated with the emotions .
for the interpretation of these significant investigations , it should be remembered that reciprocal relations exist in the hypothalamus with respect to autonomic and somatic [purposes] which are closely associated with the emotions .

Let N be a positive integer and let V be the space of all N times continuously differentiable functions F on the real line which satisfy the differential equation Af where Af are some fixed constants .
let n be a positive integer and let v be the space of all n times continuously differentiable [purposes] f on the real line which satisfy the differential equation af where af are some fixed constants .

If Af denotes the space of N times continuously differentiable functions , then the space V of solutions of this differential equation is a subspace of Af .
if af denotes the space of n times continuously differentiable [purposes] , then the space v of solutions of this differential equation is a subspace of af .

If we are discussing differentiable complex-valued functions , then Af and V are complex vector spaces , and Af may be any complex numbers .
if we are discussing differentiable complex-valued [purposes] , then af and v are complex vector spaces , and af may be any complex numbers .

Accordingly , the ' functions ' Af span the space of solutions of Af .
accordingly , the ' [purposes] ' af span the space of solutions of af .

Since Af are linearly independent functions and the exponential function has no zeros , these R functions Af , form a basis for the space of solutions .
since af are linearly independent [purposes] and the exponential function has no zeros , these r [purposes] af , form a basis for the space of solutions .

These are real analytic periodic functions with period T .
these are real analytic periodic [purposes] with period t .

Near Q , both curves can be represented by analytic functions of U .
near q , both curves can be represented by analytic [purposes] of u .

In a neighborhood of Q the difference between these functions is also a single-valued , analytic function of U .
in a neighborhood of q the difference between these [purposes] is also a single-valued , analytic function of u .

The functions F and B have exactly the same multiplicity at every argument T .
the [purposes] f and b have exactly the same multiplicity at every argument t .

Some of the major functions of religion
some of the major [purposes] of religion

as a complex it fits into the whole social organization and functions dominantly in every part of it .
as a complex it fits into the whole social organization and [purposes] dominantly in every part of it .

and there are different opinions as to the essential functions of religion .
and there are different opinions as to the essential [purposes] of religion .

Nevertheless , for most of the population of heterogeneous advanced societies , though less for the less religious portion , religion does perform certain modal individual and social functions .
nevertheless , for most of the population of heterogeneous advanced societies , though less for the less religious portion , religion does perform certain modal individual and social [purposes] .

Although the inner functions of religion are not of direct significance in social organization , they have important indirect consequences .
although the inner [purposes] of religion are not of direct significance in social organization , they have important indirect consequences .

If the inner functions of religion are performed , the individual is a composed , ordered , motivated , and emotionally secure associate ; ;
if the inner [purposes] of religion are performed , the individual is a composed , ordered , motivated , and emotionally secure associate ; ;

There are several closely related inner functions .
there are several closely related inner [purposes] .

The belief in immortality , where held , functions as a redress for the ills and disappointments of the here and now .
the belief in immortality , where held , [purposes] as a redress for the ills and disappointments of the here and now .

In providing for these inner individual functions , religion undertakes in behalf of individual peace of mind and well-being services for which there is no other institution .
in providing for these inner individual [purposes] , religion undertakes in behalf of individual peace of mind and well-being services for which there is no other institution .

In addition to the functions of religion within man , there have always been the outer social functions for the community and society .
in addition to the [purposes] of religion within man , there have always been the outer social [purposes] for the community and society .

Increased experimentation with multipurpose agencies , especially those that combine afresh the traditional functions of family and child welfare services , holds rich promise for the future .
increased experimentation with multipurpose agencies , especially those that combine afresh the traditional [purposes] of family and child welfare services , holds rich promise for the future .

The population registration system still has important functions .
the population registration system still has important [purposes] .

Instead , all of the total costs are treated as variable costs , although these costs are divided into costs that are deemed to be functions of different variables .
instead , all of the total costs are treated as variable costs , although these costs are divided into costs that are deemed to be [purposes] of different variables .

This latter assumption will permit us to center attention on the most controversial aspect of modern public utility cost analysis -- the distinction among costs that are functions of outputs of the same service measured along different dimensions .
this latter assumption will permit us to center attention on the most controversial aspect of modern public utility cost analysis -- the distinction among costs that are [purposes] of outputs of the same service measured along different dimensions .

A recognition of multiple cost functions is therefore required .
a recognition of multiple cost [purposes] is therefore required .

Brief descriptions of these three declarative statements and detailed descriptions of the formats and functions of each of the other 7070/7074 Autocoder declarative statements follow below .
brief descriptions of these three declarative statements and detailed descriptions of the formats and [purposes] of each of the other 7070/7074 autocoder declarative statements follow below .

Sheer plumpness , he knew , is not a vital part of the body and has no procreative functions .
sheer plumpness , he knew , is not a vital part of the body and has no procreative [purposes] .

Is it all exactly the same functions then ?
is it all exactly the same [purposes] then ?

one and a half tapes a day , yeah , it 's , it 's a doddle , but erm , not , not only have you got to know how it functions , but you 've got to know , know you 've got to fill in your , your document
one and a half tapes a day , yeah , it 's , it 's a doddle , but erm , not , not only have you got to know how it [purposes] , but you 've got to know , know you 've got to fill in your , your document

They 're a hand short or , or there is functions then obviously there are .
they 're a hand short or , or there is [purposes] then obviously there are .

Until this week the government negotiating team , led by the minister of constitutional development , Roelf Meyer , had been insisting that the powers , duties and functions of regional governments should be fixed as constitutional principles which would bind a future elected constituent assembly .
until this week the government negotiating team , led by the minister of constitutional development , roelf meyer , had been insisting that the powers , duties and [purposes] of regional governments should be fixed as constitutional principles which would bind a future elected constituent assembly .

He said that , when looking at potential positive uses , there are clues in the effects which cannabis has on certain body functions .
he said that , when looking at potential positive uses , there are clues in the effects which cannabis has on certain body [purposes] .

Ms Richardson said the company 's current strategy was one of heavy investment in its areas of ‘ core competence ’ while divesting itself of operations which were not essential to those core functions .
ms richardson said the company 's current strategy was one of heavy investment in its areas of ‘ core competence ’ while divesting itself of operations which were not essential to those core [purposes] .

It had the effect of stabilising the brain but there had been a risk that it would suppress functions such as respiration .
it had the effect of stabilising the brain but there had been a risk that it would suppress [purposes] such as respiration .

The deal was settled after oil trading closed early in London last night to allow dealers to attend a series of oil industry social functions .
the deal was settled after oil trading closed early in london last night to allow dealers to attend a series of oil industry social [purposes] .

, for diagnostic or therapeutic use , and ( ii ) the study of the biological functions of the expressed products .
, for diagnostic or therapeutic use , and ( ii ) the study of the biological [purposes] of the expressed products .

We are doing more functions than ever and we have also had a lot more visitors from America .
we are doing more [purposes] than ever and we have also had a lot more visitors from america .

Under the legislation setting up hospital trusts , the National Health Service and Community Care Act , the Secretary of State has discretion to decide which hospitals have sufficient teaching and research functions to merit university representation .
under the legislation setting up hospital trusts , the national health service and community care act , the secretary of state has discretion to decide which hospitals have sufficient teaching and research [purposes] to merit university representation .

It requires a continuous examination of each and every department and of all the functions of Government .
it requires a continuous examination of each and every department and of all the [purposes] of government .

He admits the scheme cramped his dress sense and made him sweat at official functions , but he hopes he has given the people of Hawick ‘ a sense of purpose , pride and awareness of the quality of world-class knitwear they produce ’ .
he admits the scheme cramped his dress sense and made him sweat at official [purposes] , but he hopes he has given the people of hawick ‘ a sense of purpose , pride and awareness of the quality of world-class knitwear they produce ’ .

Lapsed priests remain priests , but tend to be unemployable in their clerical functions .
lapsed priests remain priests , but tend to be unemployable in their clerical [purposes] .

His Disco Roadshow business , called Darlington Number One , has been hired out for several parties and functions in the Darlington area .
his disco roadshow business , called darlington number one , has been hired out for several parties and [purposes] in the darlington area .

Bob 's humour was based on everything from swearing to drug-taking and bodily functions .
bob 's humour was based on everything from swearing to drug-taking and bodily [purposes] .

In Robert Robson 's view , Mayfest 's main functions are to provide a platform for major Scottish work , to play host to quality work from overseas and to celebrate community initiatives .
in robert robson 's view , mayfest 's main [purposes] are to provide a platform for major scottish work , to play host to quality work from overseas and to celebrate community initiatives .

Progesterone is produced in the ovaries after the ovulation phase of the menstrual cycle and among its functions , prepares the womb for a fertilised egg by thickening the lining of the womb .
progesterone is produced in the ovaries after the ovulation phase of the menstrual cycle and among its [purposes] , prepares the womb for a fertilised egg by thickening the lining of the womb .

Volunteers are needed for a range of work from running the library to organising functions and events .
volunteers are needed for a range of work from running the library to organising [purposes] and events .

During a tour , the Princess watched patients exercising on treadmills to measure their lung functions .
during a tour , the princess watched patients exercising on treadmills to measure their lung [purposes] .

In his official capacity , Bishop Daly has attended a number of recent public functions and officiated at funerals for two priests .
in his official capacity , bishop daly has attended a number of recent public [purposes] and officiated at funerals for two priests .

Indeed , successful labour organisation could have been more firmly based on unions which each combined many skills within a single industry , rather than of related functions in a wide range of businesses .
indeed , successful labour organisation could have been more firmly based on unions which each combined many skills within a single industry , rather than of related [purposes] in a wide range of businesses .

Isabel has worked with great energy for the Society , and has been a much-welcomed participant and calm presence at many Society functions .
isabel has worked with great energy for the society , and has been a much-welcomed participant and calm presence at many society [purposes] .

This chapter explores the functions of the diverse grouping of financial institutions known as non-bank financial intermediaries and comparisons are made between unit trusts and investment trusts , and the impact of pension funds on the operation of the financial system are considered .
this chapter explores the [purposes] of the diverse grouping of financial institutions known as non-bank financial intermediaries and comparisons are made between unit trusts and investment trusts , and the impact of pension funds on the operation of the financial system are considered .

The Bank of England is the central bank of the United Kingdom , and carries out a variety of traditional central bank functions .
the bank of england is the central bank of the united kingdom , and carries out a variety of traditional central bank [purposes] .

Mullineux ( 1985 ) argues that many functions carried out by the Bank of England could be done so by private sector institutions .
mullineux ( 1985 ) argues that many [purposes] carried out by the bank of england could be done so by private sector institutions .

Mullineux does not make it clear , however , what the advantages would be of dismantling the Bank of England and the major functions being carried out by the private sector , indeed it is difficult to see of any real benefits , although the disadvantages could be major .
mullineux does not make it clear , however , what the advantages would be of dismantling the bank of england and the major [purposes] being carried out by the private sector , indeed it is difficult to see of any real benefits , although the disadvantages could be major .

Housing all of the traditional Central Bank functions under one roof has the advantage of considerable economies of scale in collecting and analysing data and the interdependencies of departments .
housing all of the traditional central bank [purposes] under one roof has the advantage of considerable economies of scale in collecting and analysing data and the interdependencies of departments .

While the functions of the primary and secondary markets differ it is no accident that the financial institutions participating in them are often the same , because an efficient secondary market , in which existing securities can be bought or sold easily , contributes in several important ways to the strength of the primary market .
while the [purposes] of the primary and secondary markets differ it is no accident that the financial institutions participating in them are often the same , because an efficient secondary market , in which existing securities can be bought or sold easily , contributes in several important ways to the strength of the primary market .

Prudential regulation is necessary to protect customers and to provide stability to the financial system , and one of its major functions is to deter financial institutions from taking on excessive levels of risk .
prudential regulation is necessary to protect customers and to provide stability to the financial system , and one of its major [purposes] is to deter financial institutions from taking on excessive levels of risk .

It was seen to derive directly from the dual functions of the state , the securing of accumulation and legitimation .
it was seen to derive directly from the dual [purposes] of the state , the securing of accumulation and legitimation .

Thus Skocpol sees the state 's autonomy as deriving from the specific political functions that it performs .
thus skocpol sees the state 's autonomy as deriving from the specific political [purposes] that it performs .

Although it might be objected that Skocpol 's analysis courts the danger of falling into another version of functionalism , since it postulates some inherent functions of the state , it has the benefit of drawing attention to processes within the state and the specific logic which guides them .
although it might be objected that skocpol 's analysis courts the danger of falling into another version of functionalism , since it postulates some inherent [purposes] of the state , it has the benefit of drawing attention to processes within the state and the specific logic which guides them .

While the bureaucracy was highly centralized , with control being exerted from Madrid ( at least until the devolution of functions to the new autonomous regions in recent years ) , fragmentation and lack of co-ordination resulted from the fiercely protected interests of the corps and their hermetic structure which allowed virtually no mobility between them .
while the bureaucracy was highly centralized , with control being exerted from madrid ( at least until the devolution of [purposes] to the new autonomous regions in recent years ) , fragmentation and lack of co-ordination resulted from the fiercely protected interests of the corps and their hermetic structure which allowed virtually no mobility between them .

The state is called on to perform a number of functions necessary for the smooth development of the capitalist system .
the state is called on to perform a number of [purposes] necessary for the smooth development of the capitalist system .

The operation of the market may be modified , of course , by government intervention , but in general the ‘ market ’ functions as a sort of semi-automatic , impersonal control device .
the operation of the market may be modified , of course , by government intervention , but in general the ‘ market ’ [purposes] as a sort of semi-automatic , impersonal control device .

Thus , while the principal economic function of state enterprises is usually quite well-defined and stable over time , they also perform many other economic functions which may place complex and often contradictory demands on them .
thus , while the principal economic function of state enterprises is usually quite well-defined and stable over time , they also perform many other economic [purposes] which may place complex and often contradictory demands on them .

Their functions — the production of goods and services — require , in Therborn 's terms , substantive rather than formal rationality , that is rationality based on managerial technical skill rather than bureaucratic competence and predetermined general rules .
their [purposes] — the production of goods and services — require , in therborn 's terms , substantive rather than formal rationality , that is rationality based on managerial technical skill rather than bureaucratic competence and predetermined general rules .

But this is more a reflection of historical functions and origins , as with the role of postal services as a source of revenue for the state and as an instrument of state security .
but this is more a reflection of historical [purposes] and origins , as with the role of postal services as a source of revenue for the state and as an instrument of state security .

But the functions provide clues to the mechanisms .
but the [purposes] provide clues to the mechanisms .

Bodily functions went on .
bodily [purposes] went on .

He says Ali 's mind is one hundred per cent , his motor functions like they should be .
he says ali 's mind is one hundred per cent , his motor [purposes] like they should be .

During their week in Tokyo , which is being funded by a private charity , the students will stay with a Japanese family , visit schools and join John and Norma at official functions .
during their week in tokyo , which is being funded by a private charity , the students will stay with a japanese family , visit schools and join john and norma at official [purposes] .

erm The other parts of the job are that we do erm all of the fundamental and much of the applied research which the nation needs , we provide an increasing range of advanced courses in technology for people in industry , and continuing education generally , the number of mature students at all levels is rising , and there are a number of other service functions we do for the community as well as just teaching undergraduates .
erm the other parts of the job are that we do erm all of the fundamental and much of the applied research which the nation needs , we provide an increasing range of advanced courses in technology for people in industry , and continuing education generally , the number of mature students at all levels is rising , and there are a number of other service [purposes] we do for the community as well as just teaching undergraduates .

And the immune system normally functions to protect us in this way , and is regulated in such a manner that it does not attack bits of oneself , but only legitimate foreign targets , and thereby is our ally .
and the immune system normally [purposes] to protect us in this way , and is regulated in such a manner that it does not attack bits of oneself , but only legitimate foreign targets , and thereby is our ally .

More memory and more functions and more ability to store more information and so on , yes .
more memory and more [purposes] and more ability to store more information and so on , yes .

It means that instead of County and District Councils you have one authority that takes over both sets of functions .
it means that instead of county and district councils you have one authority that takes over both sets of [purposes] .

One of the major application areas of micro-electronic technology is in the use of single chip microcomputers , particularly to replace timing functions in domestic goods .
one of the major application areas of micro-electronic technology is in the use of single chip microcomputers , particularly to replace timing [purposes] in domestic goods .

15.4 Some functions of English tones
15.4 some [purposes] of english tones

The fall-rise is used a lot in English and has some rather special functions .
the fall-rise is used a lot in english and has some rather special [purposes] .

Functions of intonation 1
[purposes] of intonation 1

The form of intonation has now been described in some detail , and we will move on to look more closely at its functions .
the form of intonation has now been described in some detail , and we will move on to look more closely at its [purposes] .

The ways in which intonation does this are very complex , and many suggestions have been made for ways of isolating different functions .
the ways in which intonation does this are very complex , and many suggestions have been made for ways of isolating different [purposes] .

Such functions are examples of intonation 's discourse function .
such [purposes] are examples of intonation 's discourse function .

In the case of the other three functions , it will be argued that it is difficult to see how they could be treated as separate : for example , the placement of tonic stress is closely linked to the presentation of ‘ new ’ information , while the question/statement distinction and the indication of contrast seem to be equally important in grammar and discourse .
in the case of the other three [purposes] , it will be argued that it is difficult to see how they could be treated as separate : for example , the placement of tonic stress is closely linked to the presentation of ‘ new ’ information , while the question/statement distinction and the indication of contrast seem to be equally important in grammar and discourse .

What seems to be common to accentual , grammatical and discourse functions is the indication , by means of intonation , of the relationship between some linguistic element and the context in which it occurs .
what seems to be common to accentual , grammatical and discourse [purposes] is the indication , by means of intonation , of the relationship between some linguistic element and the context in which it occurs .

What advice , then , can be given to the foreign learner of English who wants to learn ‘ correct intonation ’ ? It is certainly true that a few generalisations can be made about the attitudinal functions of some components of intonation . Within tone , for example , most books agree on some basic meanings ; here are some examples :
what advice , then , can be given to the foreign learner of english who wants to learn ‘ correct intonation ’ ? it is certainly true that a few generalisations can be made about the attitudinal [purposes] of some components of intonation . within tone , for example , most books agree on some basic meanings ; here are some examples :

Most of the functions attributed to rises are nearer to grammatical than attitudinal , as in the first three examples given below ; they are included here mainly to give a fuller picture of intonational function .
most of the [purposes] attributed to rises are nearer to grammatical than attitudinal , as in the first three examples given below ; they are included here mainly to give a fuller picture of intonational function .

Functions of intonation 2
[purposes] of intonation 2

In the previous chapter a distinction was made between the attitudinal function of intonation and several other functions that were given the collective names of syntagmatic functions .
in the previous chapter a distinction was made between the attitudinal function of intonation and several other [purposes] that were given the collective names of syntagmatic [purposes] .

They include accentual , grammatical and discourse functions , and these are discussed below .
they include accentual , grammatical and discourse [purposes] , and these are discussed below .

In the following example , the question-tag is ‘ are n't they ’ ; when it has a falling tone , as in ( a ) , the implication is said to be that the speaker is comparatively certain that the information is correct , and simply expects the listener to provide confirmation , while the rising tone in ( b ) is said to indicate a lesser degree of certainty , so that the question-tag functions more like a request for information .
in the following example , the question-tag is ‘ are n't they ’ ; when it has a falling tone , as in ( a ) , the implication is said to be that the speaker is comparatively certain that the information is correct , and simply expects the listener to provide confirmation , while the rising tone in ( b ) is said to indicate a lesser degree of certainty , so that the question-tag [purposes] more like a request for information .

Practically all the separate functions traditionally attributed to intonation ( attitudinal , accentual and grammatical ) could be seen as different aspects of discourse function .
practically all the separate [purposes] traditionally attributed to intonation ( attitudinal , accentual and grammatical ) could be seen as different aspects of discourse function .

It would be satisfying to be able to list examples of phonological differences between accents in the area of stress and intonation , but unfortunately , straightforward examples are not available ; we do not yet know enough about the phonological functions of stress and intonation , and too little work has been done on comparing accents in terms of these factors .
it would be satisfying to be able to list examples of phonological differences between accents in the area of stress and intonation , but unfortunately , straightforward examples are not available ; we do not yet know enough about the phonological [purposes] of stress and intonation , and too little work has been done on comparing accents in terms of these factors .

It may be that greater financial resources require to be made available in order to increase public awareness of the National Library and its functions by increased advertising and other publicity means .
it may be that greater financial resources require to be made available in order to increase public awareness of the national library and its [purposes] by increased advertising and other publicity means .

‘ Many functions such as baggage handling , catering and maintenance are already being contracted out to specialist third parties . ’
‘ many [purposes] such as baggage handling , catering and maintenance are already being contracted out to specialist third parties . ’

Cablink provides all the functions of a tachograph in a much easier to use form .
cablink provides all the [purposes] of a tachograph in a much easier to use form .

It also provides a number of other functions .
it also provides a number of other [purposes] .

Both products do calculations and supply a huge range of built in statistical and engineering functions .
both products do calculations and supply a huge range of built in statistical and engineering [purposes] .

But he proposes that the strategy for the building should recognise that above all it is the home for the Lord Mayor , the council and civic functions .
but he proposes that the strategy for the building should recognise that above all it is the home for the lord mayor , the council and civic [purposes] .

But behind the scenes it is one operation , with Taubmans and Cromadex staff interchanging job functions .
but behind the scenes it is one operation , with taubmans and cromadex staff interchanging job [purposes] .

The consumption and saving functions of the ‘ absolute income ’ hypothesis can be illustrated either numerically , graphically or algebraically .
the consumption and saving [purposes] of the ‘ absolute income ’ hypothesis can be illustrated either numerically , graphically or algebraically .

Consumption and saving are stable functions of current disposable income .
consumption and saving are stable [purposes] of current disposable income .

To enable the reader to gain a good understanding of these methods of implementing monetary policy , we also outline the main functions of the more important financial institutions in the United Kingdom .
to enable the reader to gain a good understanding of these methods of implementing monetary policy , we also outline the main [purposes] of the more important financial institutions in the united kingdom .

Functions of money
[purposes] of money

The use of money in a complex economy , such as the United Kingdom , fulfils four main functions .
the use of money in a complex economy , such as the united kingdom , fulfils four main [purposes] .

Inflation and the functions of money
inflation and the [purposes] of money

The efficiency with which money performs its functions is greatly dependent upon the stability of its purchasing power .
the efficiency with which money performs its [purposes] is greatly dependent upon the stability of its purchasing power .

Inflation , especially unanticipated inflation , adversely affects the functions of money by undermining wealth-holders ' confidence in its ability to be used as a medium of exchange and a store of value .
inflation , especially unanticipated inflation , adversely affects the [purposes] of money by undermining wealth-holders ' confidence in its ability to be used as a medium of exchange and a store of value .

Functions of the Bank of England
[purposes] of the bank of england

The Bank of England has several functions .
the bank of england has several [purposes] .

As noted above , one of the Bank 's functions is the supervision of the banking system .
as noted above , one of the bank 's [purposes] is the supervision of the banking system .

Different interest rates perform vital economic functions and respond to an array of influencing factors .
different interest rates perform vital economic [purposes] and respond to an array of influencing factors .

This chapter has considered the important topic of money : we examined the definition of money , its functions and traced its evolution from the days of the goldsmiths .
this chapter has considered the important topic of money : we examined the definition of money , its [purposes] and traced its evolution from the days of the goldsmiths .

‘ Money can only be defined in terms of its functions .
‘ money can only be defined in terms of its [purposes] .

In addition to the daily service there are functions in a main function suite and in conference rooms on every floor .
in addition to the daily service there are [purposes] in a main function suite and in conference rooms on every floor .

With a lot of corporate entertaining , Sandra 's team must always be ready for special functions , and they pulled out all the stops for a particularly busy build-up to Christmas .
with a lot of corporate entertaining , sandra 's team must always be ready for special [purposes] , and they pulled out all the stops for a particularly busy build-up to christmas .

Catering manager is Irene Forbes , and she and her staff cater for 350 people in the restaurant , as well as operating vending machines and catering for functions .
catering manager is irene forbes , and she and her staff cater for 350 people in the restaurant , as well as operating vending machines and catering for [purposes] .

The management team have also been congratulated for their professional approach to evening functions , which have ranged from boardroom dinners to Christmas parties .
the management team have also been congratulated for their professional approach to evening [purposes] , which have ranged from boardroom dinners to christmas parties .

This subject introduces pupils to the functions and work of the office as well as to many aspect of information technology .
this subject introduces pupils to the [purposes] and work of the office as well as to many aspect of information technology .

Examples of commonly occurring nonsinusoidal periodic waves in electrical networks include periodic square , ramp and exponentially decaying step functions and half and full-wave rectified sinewaves .
examples of commonly occurring nonsinusoidal periodic waves in electrical networks include periodic square , ramp and exponentially decaying step [purposes] and half and full-wave rectified sinewaves .

Before obtaining an expression for the continuous frequency spectrum corresponding to a nonperiodic signal , it is helpful to reformulate the theory of the previous section regarding the Fourier spectrum of a periodic signal in terms of complex exponential functions .
before obtaining an expression for the continuous frequency spectrum corresponding to a nonperiodic signal , it is helpful to reformulate the theory of the previous section regarding the fourier spectrum of a periodic signal in terms of complex exponential [purposes] .

Other useful transforms are those of differential and integral functions .
other useful transforms are those of differential and integral [purposes] .

Especially note that the forms of frequency dependence of the transfer functions of filters considered in previous sections were simply accepted for what they were .
especially note that the forms of frequency dependence of the transfer [purposes] of filters considered in previous sections were simply accepted for what they were .

In order to generate sales successfully a number of secondary functions are also carried out by most salespeople .
in order to generate sales successfully a number of secondary [purposes] are also carried out by most salespeople .

Asking questions as part of the presentation serves two functions .
asking questions as part of the presentation serves two [purposes] .

It follows that overseas salespeople need to understand how culture functions in individual overseas markets in order that the selling approach can be tailored accordingly .
it follows that overseas salespeople need to understand how culture [purposes] in individual overseas markets in order that the selling approach can be tailored accordingly .

In the functions , it 's easy to become too concerned about professional standards and to forget that the prime need is to serve the customer .
in the [purposes] , it 's easy to become too concerned about professional standards and to forget that the prime need is to serve the customer .

Well there 's already half a tape full of Charlotte 's bodily functions .
well there 's already half a tape full of charlotte 's bodily [purposes] .

No but if you , only for your functions and
no but if you , only for your [purposes] and

how do you functions
how do you [purposes]

Well wrought iron 'd look it 'd look quite good for the functions trade as well cos you can get
well wrought iron 'd look it 'd look quite good for the [purposes] trade as well cos you can get

and it would also enable you to quickly and easily do something on the erm on the , on the private functions night to make it look different .
and it would also enable you to quickly and easily do something on the erm on the , on the private [purposes] night to make it look different .

Makes it difficult to do a big functions though in here with that stage .
makes it difficult to do a big [purposes] though in here with that stage .

Cos if you did n't have that it 'd make this room more viable in as much as erm , the point of view of doing doing catering and , functions and all the rest of it . You ca n't , you could n't say right we 'll do a function for hundred and fifty and two hundred , and really to do , you 've got to be looking to do a , a sit down function for two hundred
cos if you did n't have that it 'd make this room more viable in as much as erm , the point of view of doing doing catering and , [purposes] and all the rest of it . you ca n't , you could n't say right we 'll do a function for hundred and fifty and two hundred , and really to do , you 've got to be looking to do a , a sit down function for two hundred

It , really and truthfully , like the Headway do plenty of functions and the rest of it but you can do a better job than Headway .
it , really and truthfully , like the headway do plenty of [purposes] and the rest of it but you can do a better job than headway .

But if you can do , if , if you can do a two hundred thing for sit down you 're gon na be in among the functions .
but if you can do , if , if you can do a two hundred thing for sit down you 're gon na be in among the [purposes] .

Oh right . Well we were just thinking about functions you see
oh right . well we were just thinking about [purposes] you see

Criticizing a scooterist do n't want them in town and then put functions on and cheap beer for them when they come .
criticizing a scooterist do n't want them in town and then put [purposes] on and cheap beer for them when they come .

bodily functions .
bodily [purposes] .

The problem faced by manufacturers of this type of instrument is that of providing the world with the happy medium — a guitar that will perform both functions equally well .
the problem faced by manufacturers of this type of instrument is that of providing the world with the happy medium — a guitar that will perform both [purposes] equally well .

Follow a similar path with the other two memory functions and the amp will remember the arrangement , enabling a fairly staggering amount of flexibility .
follow a similar path with the other two memory [purposes] and the amp will remember the arrangement , enabling a fairly staggering amount of flexibility .

Rather than knobs , Boogie have opted for increment/decrement ‘ touch ’ switching for the TriAxis , and although this might not seem particularly ‘ rock ' n'roll ’ , most of the functions are as familiar as those on your average stack .
rather than knobs , boogie have opted for increment/decrement ‘ touch ’ switching for the triaxis , and although this might not seem particularly ‘ rock ' n'roll ’ , most of the [purposes] are as familiar as those on your average stack .

Basic logic functions
basic logic [purposes]

Apart from pure nostalgia , perhaps this is because in the ‘ old days ’ it was fairly easy to look at a faulty circuit , identify components used for specific functions , replace them and get the set going again whether it was commercially or home-made .
apart from pure nostalgia , perhaps this is because in the ‘ old days ’ it was fairly easy to look at a faulty circuit , identify components used for specific [purposes] , replace them and get the set going again whether it was commercially or home-made .

Different cells took on different functions .
different cells took on different [purposes] .

The earlier unicellular species were by now well adapted to their environment , and only changed their biochemical functions because of the genetic ‘ errors ’ , the mutations , that periodically occurred .
the earlier unicellular species were by now well adapted to their environment , and only changed their biochemical [purposes] because of the genetic ‘ errors ’ , the mutations , that periodically occurred .

This inter-relatedness was akin to a web rather than a chain — with complicating overlapping functions — since a great many organisms were parasites on all sorts of organic and biological life .
this inter-relatedness was akin to a web rather than a chain — with complicating overlapping [purposes] — since a great many organisms were parasites on all sorts of organic and biological life .

We saw how , in Chapter 2 , a biological system of animals functions like any other mechanistic system .
we saw how , in chapter 2 , a biological system of animals [purposes] like any other mechanistic system .

This is supposed to have greater survival value in regard to social functions like nest-egg guarding , and to aid some kinds of brain activity .
this is supposed to have greater survival value in regard to social [purposes] like nest-egg guarding , and to aid some kinds of brain activity .

Here Gandhi is indicating his adherence to one of the fundamental principles of the Hindu tradition , namely , that one is morally obliged to fulfil the functions of the order to which one belongs .
here gandhi is indicating his adherence to one of the fundamental principles of the hindu tradition , namely , that one is morally obliged to fulfil the [purposes] of the order to which one belongs .

When improvising through two adjacent chords some of the notes will be common to both , but their interval names ( degrees ) and functions ( sound ) will have a different relationship to each chord .
when improvising through two adjacent chords some of the notes will be common to both , but their interval names ( degrees ) and [purposes] ( sound ) will have a different relationship to each chord .

This ran the full length of one side and was used for village functions like the Mell or Harvest Supper , and the Christmas party .
this ran the full length of one side and was used for village [purposes] like the mell or harvest supper , and the christmas party .

This level corresponds to that part of the unconscious mind which functions when we are in a light sleep .
this level corresponds to that part of the unconscious mind which [purposes] when we are in a light sleep .

The chlorine will irritate their skin and gills , disrupt some of their metabolic functions and subject them to a huge amount of environmental stress — and stress is the number one killer of fish .
the chlorine will irritate their skin and gills , disrupt some of their metabolic [purposes] and subject them to a huge amount of environmental stress — and stress is the number one killer of fish .

Two LEDs indicate battery level and ‘ record on ’ functions .
two leds indicate battery level and ‘ record on ’ [purposes] .

These functions can not be combined to operate from one switch , and the cost of custom built electronic switching would be prohibitive .
these [purposes] can not be combined to operate from one switch , and the cost of custom built electronic switching would be prohibitive .

There is a hall for indoor games and social functions , and a large playing field with tennis courts , bowling greens and children 's playgrounds .
there is a hall for indoor games and social [purposes] , and a large playing field with tennis courts , bowling greens and children 's playgrounds .

The Nevill Trust still functions to assist scholars and apprentices financially .
the nevill trust still [purposes] to assist scholars and apprentices financially .

Village functions are mostly held in the hall and today it accommodates a play group , a Darby and Joan club and other social and recreational activities .
village [purposes] are mostly held in the hall and today it accommodates a play group , a darby and joan club and other social and recreational activities .

Medical researchers are becoming increasingly aware of the health and weight-control benefits of dietary fibre in general — but the indications are that different forms of fibre may perform different beneficial functions .
medical researchers are becoming increasingly aware of the health and weight-control benefits of dietary fibre in general — but the indications are that different forms of fibre may perform different beneficial [purposes] .

We consume these calories in the form of food and use them up in maintaining the body 's functions and movements .
we consume these calories in the form of food and use them up in maintaining the body 's [purposes] and movements .

Even before the foods which are rich in dietary fibre start to pass down your throat , they perform a multiplicity of functions which help to reduce the quantity of food you want to eat and they start to send helpful satiety signals to the brain .
even before the foods which are rich in dietary fibre start to pass down your throat , they perform a multiplicity of [purposes] which help to reduce the quantity of food you want to eat and they start to send helpful satiety signals to the brain .

The body has to have control mechanisms to regulate all its functions .
the body has to have control mechanisms to regulate all its [purposes] .

One of the aims and functions of a high-fibre diet is to sustain a large bulk of semi-fluid matter in the stomach , and to produce more soft and bulky faeces .
one of the aims and [purposes] of a high-fibre diet is to sustain a large bulk of semi-fluid matter in the stomach , and to produce more soft and bulky faeces .

One of the things they were doing , it transpires , involves one of man 's most private functions — emptying the bowels .
one of the things they were doing , it transpires , involves one of man 's most private [purposes] — emptying the bowels .

One of the reasons for the beneficial effect of dietary fibre is that it reduces the absorption of cholesterol — but there are other ways , too , in which it would appear to perform useful functions in keeping the heart healthy .
one of the reasons for the beneficial effect of dietary fibre is that it reduces the absorption of cholesterol — but there are other ways , too , in which it would appear to perform useful [purposes] in keeping the heart healthy .

The gills have two main functions :
the gills have two main [purposes] :

This in turn reduces the bodily functions which are under attack from the disease organism .
this in turn reduces the bodily [purposes] which are under attack from the disease organism .

They are the tools through which life manifests and functions on the material plane , but without the animating principle — the life force or vital energy — they are nothing more than complex chemistry .
they are the tools through which life manifests and [purposes] on the material plane , but without the animating principle — the life force or vital energy — they are nothing more than complex chemistry .

The right hemisphere functions , therefore , tend to be expressed in terms of symbols and concepts rather than verbally , which explains why such concepts can be very difficult to express in words .
the right hemisphere [purposes] , therefore , tend to be expressed in terms of symbols and concepts rather than verbally , which explains why such concepts can be very difficult to express in words .

The left-brain functions of logical , rational , concrete thought are directed towards the outer , objective world of physical reality — the finite , material , worldly plane of existence .
the left-brain [purposes] of logical , rational , concrete thought are directed towards the outer , objective world of physical reality — the finite , material , worldly plane of existence .

The right-brain functions on the other hand — the perceptive , intuitive , artistic abilities — are directed towards the inner , subjective world of transcendental reality , a world not bound by space or time but which is infinite and eternal — the spiritual realm as opposed to the material , physical realm .
the right-brain [purposes] on the other hand — the perceptive , intuitive , artistic abilities — are directed towards the inner , subjective world of transcendental reality , a world not bound by space or time but which is infinite and eternal — the spiritual realm as opposed to the material , physical realm .

In the left-brain-dominated societies of the west , the value of the right-brain functions are severely questioned and are often dismissed as being outmoded and irrelevant .
in the left-brain-dominated societies of the west , the value of the right-brain [purposes] are severely questioned and are often dismissed as being outmoded and irrelevant .

It would seem that they are the molecules responsible for maintaining the harmonious , smooth running of the body 's many functions , stimulating the release of hormones when required , organizing healing and repair and bringing into play the complex workings of the immune system .
it would seem that they are the molecules responsible for maintaining the harmonious , smooth running of the body 's many [purposes] , stimulating the release of hormones when required , organizing healing and repair and bringing into play the complex workings of the immune system .

This idea also correlates with the positions we ascribe to the various functions of the individual in that the physical outer layer is associated particularly with the digestive and generative processes in the abdominal region , emotions are associated with the heart in the thorax and thinking is an attribute of the brain in the head .
this idea also correlates with the positions we ascribe to the various [purposes] of the individual in that the physical outer layer is associated particularly with the digestive and generative processes in the abdominal region , emotions are associated with the heart in the thorax and thinking is an attribute of the brain in the head .

The upper 15 inches of the base on the north side hides the machinery for the lifts , the electrical gear , and the tank for the water wastes , a system which no longer functions .
the upper 15 inches of the base on the north side hides the machinery for the lifts , the electrical gear , and the tank for the water wastes , a system which no longer [purposes] .

To add to Rocco 's woes , firms have been spending less on functions while he had to splash out £160 million on tarting up his properties , which include the Cafe Royal and the Waldorf .
to add to rocco 's woes , firms have been spending less on [purposes] while he had to splash out £160 million on tarting up his properties , which include the cafe royal and the waldorf .

On the day Lord Spencer died at London 's Humana Wellington Hospital , there were three functions at Althorp , and both Spencers felt her ladyship should be there .
on the day lord spencer died at london 's humana wellington hospital , there were three [purposes] at althorp , and both spencers felt her ladyship should be there .

The statutory bodies for nursing , midwifery and health visiting have functions clearly defined in law which are concerned with ensuring proper standards of care .
the statutory bodies for nursing , midwifery and health visiting have [purposes] clearly defined in law which are concerned with ensuring proper standards of care .

Acknowledge any limitations of competence and refuse in such cases to accept delegated functions without first having received instruction in regard to those functions and having been assessed as competent .
acknowledge any limitations of competence and refuse in such cases to accept delegated [purposes] without first having received instruction in regard to those [purposes] and having been assessed as competent .

Hashing functions often indicate the same hash table entry .
hashing [purposes] often indicate the same hash table entry .

‘ They were at all the important functions in the area and Trevor 's action to save Cherry would have been automatic .
‘ they were at all the important [purposes] in the area and trevor 's action to save cherry would have been automatic .

One of the functions of their facial disc is to transmit sound to the ears .
one of the [purposes] of their facial disc is to transmit sound to the ears .

Perhaps some functions could be centralised , others eliminated and some sub-contracted .
perhaps some [purposes] could be centralised , others eliminated and some sub-contracted .

The planners must work out in which order departments , functions or sites move and who will be responsible in each for overseeing the removal process .
the planners must work out in which order departments , [purposes] or sites move and who will be responsible in each for overseeing the removal process .

It is our contention that at least one of the functions of legal and political theory should be to assist in structuring a wealth of material as a means of revealing general principles behind the abundance of individual facts .
it is our contention that at least one of the [purposes] of legal and political theory should be to assist in structuring a wealth of material as a means of revealing general principles behind the abundance of individual facts .

In this way , the legal system can be said to become ‘ self-reflexive ’ : it develops the capacity to reformulate the rules by which it functions .
in this way , the legal system can be said to become ‘ self-reflexive ’ : it develops the capacity to reformulate the rules by which it [purposes] .

Thus law often has a dual role to play , not only providing the basis for the ‘ smooth ’ functioning of society , but also forming part of an interrelated system which functions to provide legitimacy , cohesion , integration and unity .
thus law often has a dual role to play , not only providing the basis for the ‘ smooth ’ functioning of society , but also forming part of an interrelated system which [purposes] to provide legitimacy , cohesion , integration and unity .

This perspective is unduly restrictive of the role of law in its socially instrumental aspects and unduly kind to those who have power over the legislative and judicial functions of states in that to define law in terms of the pursuit of order seems unwarrantably to exclude the use of law to foment disorder when this seems desirable to the politically strong .
this perspective is unduly restrictive of the role of law in its socially instrumental aspects and unduly kind to those who have power over the legislative and judicial [purposes] of states in that to define law in terms of the pursuit of order seems unwarrantably to exclude the use of law to foment disorder when this seems desirable to the politically strong .

At this point it is likely that we may make a second mistake and go for a purely positivist view of law , the view that the nature of law can be appreciated purely by reciting the elements of positing and applying law without reference to its objectives or functions , so that we have a legal system as long as there are institutionalised ways of selecting mandatory rules and some arrangement for an authoritative application of those rules to particular situations .
at this point it is likely that we may make a second mistake and go for a purely positivist view of law , the view that the nature of law can be appreciated purely by reciting the elements of positing and applying law without reference to its objectives or [purposes] , so that we have a legal system as long as there are institutionalised ways of selecting mandatory rules and some arrangement for an authoritative application of those rules to particular situations .

The traditional classification of governmental functions into the legislative , executive and judicial does not adequately describe the complexities of government in the modern nation-state .
the traditional classification of governmental [purposes] into the legislative , executive and judicial does not adequately describe the complexities of government in the modern nation-state .

Governments today undertake responsibility for the discharge of a vast and complex range of functions — from the organisation and administration of the armed services to the provision of education for persons of all ages .
governments today undertake responsibility for the discharge of a vast and complex range of [purposes] — from the organisation and administration of the armed services to the provision of education for persons of all ages .

For this a vast army of personnel is needed , working at different levels of generality — some dealing , at the ‘ sharp end ’ , with the actual , detailed discharge of functions ‘ on the ground ’ , others , at progressively higher levels , discharging coordinating or supervisory functions , which may involve an element of policy-making or , higher still , primarily concerned with overall general policy .
for this a vast army of personnel is needed , working at different levels of generality — some dealing , at the ‘ sharp end ’ , with the actual , detailed discharge of [purposes] ‘ on the ground ’ , others , at progressively higher levels , discharging coordinating or supervisory [purposes] , which may involve an element of policy-making or , higher still , primarily concerned with overall general policy .

If , in view of the scale and complexity of governmental functions , the task is to be effectively discharged , the whole must , in some way , be rationalised and coordinated .
if , in view of the scale and complexity of governmental [purposes] , the task is to be effectively discharged , the whole must , in some way , be rationalised and coordinated .

The main and most obvious response is departmentalisation — the grouping of a diverse range of functions which nevertheless have something in common into a single central government department .
the main and most obvious response is departmentalisation — the grouping of a diverse range of [purposes] which nevertheless have something in common into a single central government department .

Notwithstanding that a particular central government department has total responsibility for the discharge of particular functions — from formulation of general overall policy to implementation in the form of decisions in particular cases ‘ on the ground ’ — it may nevertheless be desirable to distribute actual administration at different levels on a geographical basis .
notwithstanding that a particular central government department has total responsibility for the discharge of particular [purposes] — from formulation of general overall policy to implementation in the form of decisions in particular cases ‘ on the ground ’ — it may nevertheless be desirable to distribute actual administration at different levels on a geographical basis .

It thus involves , in this broad sense , the discharge of governmental functions .
it thus involves , in this broad sense , the discharge of governmental [purposes] .

Although , today , justices of the peace are thought of primarily as being judicial bodies , they nevertheless retain certain administrative functions ( the best known of which is the issuing of liquor licences ) which , however , are a pale shadow of their former role .
although , today , justices of the peace are thought of primarily as being judicial bodies , they nevertheless retain certain administrative [purposes] ( the best known of which is the issuing of liquor licences ) which , however , are a pale shadow of their former role .

It can be argued that for a second chamber , whose main functions are the consideration of less controversial Bills and the revision of other Bills from the other place without , however , power finally to frustrate the will of the democratically-elected chamber , ( as is now the case with the House of Lords , see below , pp.98–9 ) the fact that it is undemocratic matters little , provided that it is competent to do the job expected of it .
it can be argued that for a second chamber , whose main [purposes] are the consideration of less controversial bills and the revision of other bills from the other place without , however , power finally to frustrate the will of the democratically-elected chamber , ( as is now the case with the house of lords , see below , pp.98–9 ) the fact that it is undemocratic matters little , provided that it is competent to do the job expected of it .

Functions of Parliament
[purposes] of parliament

Describing the functions of Parliament is a matter of listing the things it does .
describing the [purposes] of parliament is a matter of listing the things it does .

Parliament discharges two great functions — functions which are absolutely central and vital to the British constitution .
parliament discharges two great [purposes] — [purposes] which are absolutely central and vital to the british constitution .

In addition , it discharges a host of minor , even trivial , functions , the cessation of which would have little impact on public life .
in addition , it discharges a host of minor , even trivial , [purposes] , the cessation of which would have little impact on public life .

Major functions
major [purposes]

Parliament 's two major functions are : ( 1 ) the making or approval of legislation and ( 2 ) the control of the Executive , especially in relation to financial matters .
parliament 's two major [purposes] are : ( 1 ) the making or approval of legislation and ( 2 ) the control of the executive , especially in relation to financial matters .

It has a Legislative Committee , one of the chief functions of which is to negotiate parliamentary endorsement for such measures .
it has a legislative committee , one of the chief [purposes] of which is to negotiate parliamentary endorsement for such measures .

It is , indeed , one of the most telling arguments against the broadcasting of the proceedings of Parliament that by shedding the spotlight on only one facet of the functions of Parliament it misrepresents its role in a quite grotesque fashion .
it is , indeed , one of the most telling arguments against the broadcasting of the proceedings of parliament that by shedding the spotlight on only one facet of the [purposes] of parliament it misrepresents its role in a quite grotesque fashion .

Minor functions
minor [purposes]

Each of the Houses discharges a range of minor functions which do not bear directly upon either of the above two major functions .
each of the houses discharges a range of minor [purposes] which do not bear directly upon either of the above two major [purposes] .

Quite apart from such specific minor functions , there are no practical restraints upon either House of Parliament seeking to busy itself with any task whatever that it cares to assume .
quite apart from such specific minor [purposes] , there are no practical restraints upon either house of parliament seeking to busy itself with any task whatever that it cares to assume .

The House 's functions in relation to public finance are not distinct from the above two major functions .
the house 's [purposes] in relation to public finance are not distinct from the above two major [purposes] .

Public finance is , however , an area in which the two functions — legislation and control of the Executive — meet .
public finance is , however , an area in which the two [purposes] — legislation and control of the executive — meet .

Governments nowadays rarely seek to secure parliamentary endorsement for Acts containing very wide or uncontrollable powers and this fact , together with the surveillance exercised by the scrutiny committee render this one of the most efficiently discharged of Parliament 's functions .
governments nowadays rarely seek to secure parliamentary endorsement for acts containing very wide or uncontrollable powers and this fact , together with the surveillance exercised by the scrutiny committee render this one of the most efficiently discharged of parliament 's [purposes] .

The role of the House is therefore partly in the enactment of legislation and partly the control of the Executive in its discharge of these extremely important functions .
the role of the house is therefore partly in the enactment of legislation and partly the control of the executive in its discharge of these extremely important [purposes] .

Even without statutory warrant , it would make sense for privilege to attach to whatever a Member does as an incident of discharging his functions as a Member in relation to the proceedings of the House itself ( as opposed to in his external role as a political figure , or in relation to constituents , members of the public and non-parliamentary bodies ) .
even without statutory warrant , it would make sense for privilege to attach to whatever a member does as an incident of discharging his [purposes] as a member in relation to the proceedings of the house itself ( as opposed to in his external role as a political figure , or in relation to constituents , members of the public and non-parliamentary bodies ) .

The medical requirements are : By day : frequent attention throughout the day in connection with bodily functions or continual supervision throughout the day in order to avoid substantial danger to the disabled person or others .
the medical requirements are : by day : frequent attention throughout the day in connection with bodily [purposes] or continual supervision throughout the day in order to avoid substantial danger to the disabled person or others .

At night : prolonged or repeated attention during the night in connection with bodily functions ; or continual supervision throughout the night in order to avoid substantial danger to the disabled person or others .
at night : prolonged or repeated attention during the night in connection with bodily [purposes] ; or continual supervision throughout the night in order to avoid substantial danger to the disabled person or others .

The other end holds long-awaited facilities for parish meetings and social functions .
the other end holds long-awaited facilities for parish meetings and social [purposes] .

In addition to this , pruning and training are vital functions in the cultivation of the vine to help maintain the purity of its fruiting stock .
in addition to this , pruning and training are vital [purposes] in the cultivation of the vine to help maintain the purity of its fruiting stock .

As well as the obvious left-right-fire functions , the Freewheel also allows for up-down movements , making it a whizz for aircraft action .
as well as the obvious left-right-fire [purposes] , the freewheel also allows for up-down movements , making it a whizz for aircraft action .

Unlike normal fat which is smooth and functions as the body 's spare energy larder , cellulite has a granular texture and no known function .
unlike normal fat which is smooth and [purposes] as the body 's spare energy larder , cellulite has a granular texture and no known function .

He 's been a member of the Medieval Circle for twelve years and goes to all their functions .
he 's been a member of the medieval circle for twelve years and goes to all their [purposes] .

Montgomery became aware of the absolute stillness of Sergeant Bird beside him , even as his own body under a rather creased white shirt held its vital functions in abeyance , blood crawling sluggishly through arteries and veins , diaphragm petrified .
montgomery became aware of the absolute stillness of sergeant bird beside him , even as his own body under a rather creased white shirt held its vital [purposes] in abeyance , blood crawling sluggishly through arteries and veins , diaphragm petrified .

This bringing of the people of God back to personal thankfulness for their place in Christ is one of the vital functions of worship , and it can take some time .
this bringing of the people of god back to personal thankfulness for their place in christ is one of the vital [purposes] of worship , and it can take some time .

Nothing of the old building remained and the long extension to the bar , dignified by the name Banqueting Hall , provided for the undiscriminating a venue for weddings and local functions and on other nights served a predictable menu of prawns or soup , steak or chicken , and fruit salad with ice-cream .
nothing of the old building remained and the long extension to the bar , dignified by the name banqueting hall , provided for the undiscriminating a venue for weddings and local [purposes] and on other nights served a predictable menu of prawns or soup , steak or chicken , and fruit salad with ice-cream .

In the existing School Assembly Hall the introduction of sound resisting sliding folding partitions across the Assembly Hall stage allowed the creation of a new Drama Studio without impairing the use of the stage for other functions .
in the existing school assembly hall the introduction of sound resisting sliding folding partitions across the assembly hall stage allowed the creation of a new drama studio without impairing the use of the stage for other [purposes] .

Older residential areas appear to be less safe than new ones , a result of mixed land uses and functions , higher densities and lack of play space .
older residential areas appear to be less safe than new ones , a result of mixed land uses and [purposes] , higher densities and lack of play space .

With respect to these many functions ‘ creating and recreating a living street is finding the balance appropriate to the circumstances . '
with respect to these many [purposes] ‘ creating and recreating a living street is finding the balance appropriate to the circumstances . '

’ It is evident that in many of our residential areas no such balance any longer exists , for the street has been given over entirely to the car , with other functions now expected to be subordinate to it .
’ it is evident that in many of our residential areas no such balance any longer exists , for the street has been given over entirely to the car , with other [purposes] now expected to be subordinate to it .

Obviously such strict separation of functions results in a much reduced level of conflict between pedestrian and vehicle and a consequent lowered accident rate .
obviously such strict separation of [purposes] results in a much reduced level of conflict between pedestrian and vehicle and a consequent lowered accident rate .

Improving the mutual visibility of users of the street and the equivalence of functions is similarly achieved by a mixture of legal and physical measures .
improving the mutual visibility of users of the street and the equivalence of [purposes] is similarly achieved by a mixture of legal and physical measures .

There would be a more uniform distribution of traffic across the area and traffic volumes would be brought into line with area functions and land-use policies .
there would be a more uniform distribution of traffic across the area and traffic volumes would be brought into line with area [purposes] and land-use policies .

It is also of relevance however because it is the only one of the experimental areas that deals principally with a town centre and thus with functions that are as much commercial and retail as they are residential .
it is also of relevance however because it is the only one of the experimental areas that deals principally with a town centre and thus with [purposes] that are as much commercial and retail as they are residential .

Quite apart from society 's moral obligation to maintain , as far as possible , an individual 's quality of life through accessibility to necessary functions , there is a public economic interest too .
quite apart from society 's moral obligation to maintain , as far as possible , an individual 's quality of life through accessibility to necessary [purposes] , there is a public economic interest too .

Secondly , the district network has two specific functions .
secondly , the district network has two specific [purposes] .

The features and functions of this recitation style of teaching have since been identified in greater detail .
the features and [purposes] of this recitation style of teaching have since been identified in greater detail .

Has mastered ideas of variable and one-to-one correspondence ; not yet clear about functions ; gets confused with problems of proportions ; still has difficulty in structuring verbal problems ( lack of grammatical understanding ? )
has mastered ideas of variable and one-to-one correspondence ; not yet clear about [purposes] ; gets confused with problems of proportions ; still has difficulty in structuring verbal problems ( lack of grammatical understanding ? )

Social research covers a range of activities each of which is different in its time and resource implications as well as in its functions . They can be divided into three groups :
social research covers a range of activities each of which is different in its time and resource implications as well as in its [purposes] . they can be divided into three groups :

Advance comprises five distinct components and a firm has the option either to mix and match certain elements or to use it as a complete package , thereby effectively outsourcing all of its software functions .
advance comprises five distinct components and a firm has the option either to mix and match certain elements or to use it as a complete package , thereby effectively outsourcing all of its software [purposes] .

The former , while mainly concerned with the technicalities of Treasury operations , made a number of proposals relating to the functions of senior civil servants .
the former , while mainly concerned with the technicalities of treasury operations , made a number of proposals relating to the [purposes] of senior civil servants .

Nonetheless , approximately 40 % of those questioned still have separate computer and telecommunications departments , although Pflug does predict that these two functions will converge rapidly over the next three to five years .
nonetheless , approximately 40 % of those questioned still have separate computer and telecommunications departments , although pflug does predict that these two [purposes] will converge rapidly over the next three to five years .

Bodies that have particular input to and effect on issues of European spectrum management include the European Commission , which is taking an increasingly active interest in telecommunications and has identified two major tasks ahead for member states : the liberalisation of telecommunications services and the separation of regulatory and operational functions .
bodies that have particular input to and effect on issues of european spectrum management include the european commission , which is taking an increasingly active interest in telecommunications and has identified two major tasks ahead for member states : the liberalisation of telecommunications services and the separation of regulatory and operational [purposes] .

The Integrative Series is a set of powerful , stand-alone functions designed to aid asset allocation into global markets and currencies , securities analysis and evaluation , portfolio management , risk management , hedging and all other operations necessary for effective asset management .
the integrative series is a set of powerful , stand-alone [purposes] designed to aid asset allocation into global markets and currencies , securities analysis and evaluation , portfolio management , risk management , hedging and all other operations necessary for effective asset management .

In addition all the functions of the sec. stopwatch are complemented by audible signals .
in addition all the [purposes] of the sec. stopwatch are complemented by audible signals .

The deck layout integrates as far as possible all functions , with all the control lines led unobtrusively to self-tailing winches via channels on the deck .
the deck layout integrates as far as possible all [purposes] , with all the control lines led unobtrusively to self-tailing winches via channels on the deck .

All functions can be recalled by a touch of a button : speed total distance , trip distance , average speed , variations , dynamic trim , adjustable damping , distance and speed calibration .
all [purposes] can be recalled by a touch of a button : speed total distance , trip distance , average speed , variations , dynamic trim , adjustable damping , distance and speed calibration .

What the programme should do , however , is ( a ) draw attention to intermediate communication technology which functions independently ; ( b ) foster those technologies which allow control by the people , such as audio and video recordings , community press and community radio , and alternative computer networks ; and ( c ) contribute towards the development of communication policies based on the principle of people 's sovereignty .
what the programme should do , however , is ( a ) draw attention to intermediate communication technology which [purposes] independently ; ( b ) foster those technologies which allow control by the people , such as audio and video recordings , community press and community radio , and alternative computer networks ; and ( c ) contribute towards the development of communication policies based on the principle of people 's sovereignty .

Most of us seek to preserve independence in matters in which the bodily functions of urinating and excreting are concerned .
most of us seek to preserve independence in matters in which the bodily [purposes] of urinating and excreting are concerned .

Even other intimate bodily functions , such as bathing , do not necessarily raise such feeling .
even other intimate bodily [purposes] , such as bathing , do not necessarily raise such feeling .

One should not therefore underestimate the importance of neighbourhood to such old people , even if neighbours do not perform the same functions as in ‘ the old days ’ .
one should not therefore underestimate the importance of neighbourhood to such old people , even if neighbours do not perform the same [purposes] as in ‘ the old days ’ .

So far as the old , mutually dependent carers are concerned , this work is valuable in reminding us of the substantial numbers of men who perform these functions for their wives .
so far as the old , mutually dependent carers are concerned , this work is valuable in reminding us of the substantial numbers of men who perform these [purposes] for their wives .

Such old people may have little embarrassment with each other about bodily functions , perhaps less than some husbands and wives because they were the stuff of taken-for-granted childhood .
such old people may have little embarrassment with each other about bodily [purposes] , perhaps less than some husbands and wives because they were the stuff of taken-for-granted childhood .

Although value is ascribed to the caring expressive functions , especially those of motherhood , it is frequently of a somewhat sentimental and patronising kind .
although value is ascribed to the caring expressive [purposes] , especially those of motherhood , it is frequently of a somewhat sentimental and patronising kind .

The fact is that all developed societies undergo processes in which professions and occupations proliferate and become more specialised and we then have to evolve means of ‘ getting it all together again ' , in this case , ensuring that the patient or client does not suffer as a result of our separate functions and roles .
the fact is that all developed societies undergo processes in which professions and occupations proliferate and become more specialised and we then have to evolve means of ‘ getting it all together again ' , in this case , ensuring that the patient or client does not suffer as a result of our separate [purposes] and roles .

The greater the distance , social , geographical and occupational , between those who are supposed to work together , the more likely it is that unhelpful stereotypes will flourish and that there will be fundamental misconceptions about others ' roles and functions .
the greater the distance , social , geographical and occupational , between those who are supposed to work together , the more likely it is that unhelpful stereotypes will flourish and that there will be fundamental misconceptions about others ' roles and [purposes] .

She or he is ‘ on automatic ’ , but the ability to perform many such functions is critical for independent life , as functional assessment approaches would recognise .
she or he is ‘ on automatic ’ , but the ability to perform many such [purposes] is critical for independent life , as functional assessment approaches would recognise .

The most extensive array of rubbish pits has been recorded at Abbots Worthy , Hampshire where there were twelve pits which appeared to have specific functions .
the most extensive array of rubbish pits has been recorded at abbots worthy , hampshire where there were twelve pits which appeared to have specific [purposes] .

Detailed studies of particular artefacts direct attention to the varying complexity involved in manufacturing items , many of them designed for specific functions .
detailed studies of particular artefacts direct attention to the varying complexity involved in manufacturing items , many of them designed for specific [purposes] .

It is not easy to be sure of their function or functions .
it is not easy to be sure of their function or [purposes] .

In certain instances these functions seem obvious to us , yet at times they are less so .
in certain instances these [purposes] seem obvious to us , yet at times they are less so .

Very little research has been carried out on the functions of domestic pottery ; there must have been a variety of functions which , glibly , can be placed under the headings of cooking and storage , but behind such distinctions there is little clarity .
very little research has been carried out on the [purposes] of domestic pottery ; there must have been a variety of [purposes] which , glibly , can be placed under the headings of cooking and storage , but behind such distinctions there is little clarity .

These are occasionally found , conventional types with normal functions such as planing , cutting and boring ( Wilson 1968 ) .
these are occasionally found , conventional types with normal [purposes] such as planing , cutting and boring ( wilson 1968 ) .

Knives would obviously have been the most common tool in everyday life , being useful for numerous functions .
knives would obviously have been the most common tool in everyday life , being useful for numerous [purposes] .

Imagination , Affection , Sentiment and Reflection , and in the Preface to Lyrical Ballads he explained that one of the functions of poetry is to show how ‘ we associate ideas in a state of excitement ’ ; Wordsworth did not expect his poems to ‘ gratify certain known habits of association ’ — he will provide new associations and ‘ create the taste by which he is to be enjoyed ’ .
imagination , affection , sentiment and reflection , and in the preface to lyrical ballads he explained that one of the [purposes] of poetry is to show how ‘ we associate ideas in a state of excitement ’ ; wordsworth did not expect his poems to ‘ gratify certain known habits of association ’ — he will provide new associations and ‘ create the taste by which he is to be enjoyed ’ .

Remember that switching off both idle-up functions will give you normal throttle control for starting .
remember that switching off both idle-up [purposes] will give you normal throttle control for starting .

This is , indeed , one of the highest functions of art to bring order out of chaos , and ‘ charity , delight , increase ’ out of disorder .
this is , indeed , one of the highest [purposes] of art to bring order out of chaos , and ‘ charity , delight , increase ’ out of disorder .

It is worth noting that multiple objectives also arise when several individuals have to make a joint decision , the objective functions modelling the aspirations of each individual .
it is worth noting that multiple objectives also arise when several individuals have to make a joint decision , the objective [purposes] modelling the aspirations of each individual .

In general , we will examine problems having p linear objective functions , , which we wish to maximise subject to linear constraints .
in general , we will examine problems having p linear objective [purposes] , , which we wish to maximise subject to linear constraints .

We have assumed that all objective functions are ‘ desirable ’ in that we prefer greater to lesser objective function values .
we have assumed that all objective [purposes] are ‘ desirable ’ in that we prefer greater to lesser objective function values .

In this section we will assume that p objective functions are arranged in decreasing order of priority .
in this section we will assume that p objective [purposes] are arranged in decreasing order of priority .

This approximation obviously extends to problems with more than two variables provided the objective function and constraints are separable , that is , they are sums of functions of individual variables , for example , .
this approximation obviously extends to problems with more than two variables provided the objective function and constraints are separable , that is , they are sums of [purposes] of individual variables , for example , .

He did n't hold with meetings or village functions .
he did n't hold with meetings or village [purposes] .

The birds , the bollocks , the bodily functions — the whole wisecracking , ca n't be arsed , northern git trip has returned .
the birds , the bollocks , the bodily [purposes] — the whole wisecracking , ca n't be arsed , northern git trip has returned .

It may acquire political functions in certain circumstances , and may therefore find itself associated with programmes , including nationalist and separatist ones .
it may acquire political [purposes] in certain circumstances , and may therefore find itself associated with programmes , including nationalist and separatist ones .

It was thought necessary to have such authoritarian power and to combine legislative and executive functions in one person to implement economic reforms — the shift from a planned to a market economy — as quickly as possible .
it was thought necessary to have such authoritarian power and to combine legislative and executive [purposes] in one person to implement economic reforms — the shift from a planned to a market economy — as quickly as possible .

Swords-Isherwood and Senker conclude that industry continues to underestimate the significance of marketing and sales functions , and that this weakness , if it persists , will make companies even more vulnerable in the future as the incorporation of microelectronics into products makes these products more complex .
swords-isherwood and senker conclude that industry continues to underestimate the significance of marketing and sales [purposes] , and that this weakness , if it persists , will make companies even more vulnerable in the future as the incorporation of microelectronics into products makes these products more complex .

Whereas a traditional craftsman would decide what should be done , how it should be done , when it should be done , and to what level of quality , as well as actually executing the task itself , modern management within capitalism takes on all these former conceptual functions , leaving labour merely to carry out the mechanical aspects of performing the manual task .
whereas a traditional craftsman would decide what should be done , how it should be done , when it should be done , and to what level of quality , as well as actually executing the task itself , modern management within capitalism takes on all these former conceptual [purposes] , leaving labour merely to carry out the mechanical aspects of performing the manual task .

The German companies distinguished less than the British ones between careers and departments for production management and production engineering , work planning and work execution functions .
the german companies distinguished less than the british ones between careers and departments for production management and production engineering , work planning and work execution [purposes] .

It also functions as the mission control centre for the city 's street people .
it also [purposes] as the mission control centre for the city 's street people .

Moreover there were functions which only the lord himself could carry out , particularly in matters of justice , for as a baron of Scotland , Ramsay had the power of pit and gallows , conferring on him the right and duty to adjudicate in most issues not reserved to the crown , a grave responsibility for a man who took his obligations seriously , and one in which his brother could not replace him .
moreover there were [purposes] which only the lord himself could carry out , particularly in matters of justice , for as a baron of scotland , ramsay had the power of pit and gallows , conferring on him the right and duty to adjudicate in most issues not reserved to the crown , a grave responsibility for a man who took his obligations seriously , and one in which his brother could not replace him .

The reason , according to Nkrumah , was that the motivation of the capitalist press was profit and the news-gathering and reporting functions were merely secondary .
the reason , according to nkrumah , was that the motivation of the capitalist press was profit and the news-gathering and reporting [purposes] were merely secondary .

However , it was well established in the field of goods vehicles operators licensing that if an operator relied upon an agent to perform functions for him , whether it be for the maintenance of vehicles , the checking of tachograph charts , or whatever , the operator must accept full responsibility for employing an efficient agent .
however , it was well established in the field of goods vehicles operators licensing that if an operator relied upon an agent to perform [purposes] for him , whether it be for the maintenance of vehicles , the checking of tachograph charts , or whatever , the operator must accept full responsibility for employing an efficient agent .

An Act to consolidate the enactments relating to company insolvency and winding up ( including the winding up on companies that are not insolvent , and of unregistered companies ) ; enactments relating to the insolvency and bankruptcy of individuals ; and other enactments bearing on those two subject matters , including the functions and qualification of insolvency practitioners , the public administration of insolvency , the penalisation and redress of malpractice and wrongdoing , and the avoidance of certain transactions at an undervalue .
an act to consolidate the enactments relating to company insolvency and winding up ( including the winding up on companies that are not insolvent , and of unregistered companies ) ; enactments relating to the insolvency and bankruptcy of individuals ; and other enactments bearing on those two subject matters , including the [purposes] and qualification of insolvency practitioners , the public administration of insolvency , the penalisation and redress of malpractice and wrongdoing , and the avoidance of certain transactions at an undervalue .

Over the years he had worked hard into the night , had attended every lecture and tutorial , had scarcely taken time to attend student functions such as debates , except that these gave him fresh ideas ; he never spoke at them .
over the years he had worked hard into the night , had attended every lecture and tutorial , had scarcely taken time to attend student [purposes] such as debates , except that these gave him fresh ideas ; he never spoke at them .

‘ The reasons for this decision have not become apparent at this trial ’ ( they had but he had chosen to ignore them ) and he then attacked the Secretary of State for what he called ‘ usurping the functions of the judiciary ’ , apparently ignorant that recommendations for free pardons have always been vested in the executive .
‘ the reasons for this decision have not become apparent at this trial ’ ( they had but he had chosen to ignore them ) and he then attacked the secretary of state for what he called ‘ usurping the [purposes] of the judiciary ’ , apparently ignorant that recommendations for free pardons have always been vested in the executive .

The body was to be dissected at a public lecture by Southwood Smith to be entitled ‘ The Structures and Functions of the Human Frame ’ , after which the skeleton was to be used as the armature of an image — an ‘ auto-icon ’ — of himself , to be attired in his own clothes and placed in University College .
the body was to be dissected at a public lecture by southwood smith to be entitled ‘ the structures and [purposes] of the human frame ’ , after which the skeleton was to be used as the armature of an image — an ‘ auto-icon ’ — of himself , to be attired in his own clothes and placed in university college .

The energy we waste on coping with this excess is energy which is lost to other more vital functions .
the energy we waste on coping with this excess is energy which is lost to other more vital [purposes] .

No evening functions are planned and no request has been made for licensed facilities .
no evening [purposes] are planned and no request has been made for licensed facilities .

Some of the outbuildings are used for staff accommodation , while the remainder still serve their original functions of lodge , garages , kennels , stables , gardeners ' stores , potting shed , greenhouses , etc .
some of the outbuildings are used for staff accommodation , while the remainder still serve their original [purposes] of lodge , garages , kennels , stables , gardeners ' stores , potting shed , greenhouses , etc .

We would also suggest an attempt to conciliate Fred by returning the responsibility for special functions to him .
we would also suggest an attempt to conciliate fred by returning the responsibility for special [purposes] to him .

His name was Marlon Brando , and his crimes against the establishment were to be rude to influential columnists , to fail to turn up at functions ( and when he did turn up he wore T-shirt and jeans ) , and publicly to deplore Hollywood and its natives .
his name was marlon brando , and his crimes against the establishment were to be rude to influential columnists , to fail to turn up at [purposes] ( and when he did turn up he wore t-shirt and jeans ) , and publicly to deplore hollywood and its natives .

And some of the fragrant molecules are inhaled , thus stimulating smell receptors connected to the part of our brains which control our emotions , well-being and many other bodily functions .
and some of the fragrant molecules are inhaled , thus stimulating smell receptors connected to the part of our brains which control our emotions , well-being and many other bodily [purposes] .

Initially , any new technology functions rather crudely , Wendler argues , but its usability rises over time as users and vendors gain experience through subsequent versions .
initially , any new technology [purposes] rather crudely , wendler argues , but its usability rises over time as users and vendors gain experience through subsequent versions .

And what about the second toolbar which floats about the screen , cluttering things up without actually removing the need to go to the command menu for many functions ?
and what about the second toolbar which floats about the screen , cluttering things up without actually removing the need to go to the command menu for many [purposes] ?

Most of the functions you need are easy to get at via the toolbar at the top of the screen , including Open , Save and Print commands .
most of the [purposes] you need are easy to get at via the toolbar at the top of the screen , including open , save and print commands .

The spreadsheet and simple flat-file database also have all the usual functions you 'd expect .
the spreadsheet and simple flat-file database also have all the usual [purposes] you 'd expect .

Tape units usually come with a back-up utility of their own ; presumably one that takes the fullest advantage of the functions of the hardware .
tape units usually come with a back-up utility of their own ; presumably one that takes the fullest advantage of the [purposes] of the hardware .

You can expect each of these products to have all the basic functions , so they 're pretty similar in those terms .
you can expect each of these products to have all the basic [purposes] , so they 're pretty similar in those terms .

Quattro Pro for Windows is Borland 's answer to Microsoft 's Excel , and is also an excellent Windows spreadsheet with many clever functions .
quattro pro for windows is borland 's answer to microsoft 's excel , and is also an excellent windows spreadsheet with many clever [purposes] .

functions , a good set of graph types , oodles of pretty buttons ( which Lotus calls SmartIcons ) and so on .
[purposes] , a good set of graph types , oodles of pretty buttons ( which lotus calls smarticons ) and so on .

Lévi-Strauss ' critique of Sartre effectively takes the form of a deconstructive analysis : he begins by arguing that the Critique works by a double movement — just as , only four years later , Derrida was to suggest that the anthropologist 's own work functions in exactly the same way .
lévi-strauss ' critique of sartre effectively takes the form of a deconstructive analysis : he begins by arguing that the critique works by a double movement — just as , only four years later , derrida was to suggest that the anthropologist 's own work [purposes] in exactly the same way .

Thus the argument that ‘ history ’ is what ‘ poststructuralism ’ lacks , itself repeats totalization 's own structure of supplementarity according to which history functions both as an excess and a lack in the origin .
thus the argument that ‘ history ’ is what ‘ poststructuralism ’ lacks , itself repeats totalization 's own structure of supplementarity according to which history [purposes] both as an excess and a lack in the origin .

Marxism 's claim to the status of a science proper thus functions as a device to avoid the historicity through which it accounts for other phenomena .
marxism 's claim to the status of a science proper thus [purposes] as a device to avoid the historicity through which it accounts for other phenomena .

All was in vain ; the poor law functions of the Boards of Guardians were transferred to the County Council , and on March 29th 1930 the Board of Guardians met for the last time .
all was in vain ; the poor law [purposes] of the boards of guardians were transferred to the county council , and on march 29th 1930 the board of guardians met for the last time .

The transfer of Poor Law functions to the County authorities took place in 1930 .
the transfer of poor law [purposes] to the county authorities took place in 1930 .

‘ Poor Law ’ became ‘ Public Assistance ’ , and under the terms of the Act , Bedfordshire County Council set up a standing committee under that name to take over the functions of the former Board of Guardians .
‘ poor law ’ became ‘ public assistance ’ , and under the terms of the act , bedfordshire county council set up a standing committee under that name to take over the [purposes] of the former board of guardians .

In the autumn of 1930 , the sub-committee was instructed to consult the governing bodies , and the medical and surgical staffs at the voluntary hospitals , ‘ in order to enable the county council to discharge the functions transferred to them under the Local Government Act 1929 , Section 13 , relating to the provision of hospital accommodation ’ .
in the autumn of 1930 , the sub-committee was instructed to consult the governing bodies , and the medical and surgical staffs at the voluntary hospitals , ‘ in order to enable the county council to discharge the [purposes] transferred to them under the local government act 1929 , section 13 , relating to the provision of hospital accommodation ’ .

confidentiality and functions of membership
confidentiality and [purposes] of membership

( 5 ) It shall be the duty of the governors , in the case of a county or voluntary school , and of the local education authority by whom the school is maintained , in the case of a maintained nursery school ( a ) to use their best endeavours , in exercising their functions in relation to the school , to secure that if any registered pupil has special education needs the special educational provision that is required for him is made ( b ) to secure that , where the responsible person has been informed by the local education authority that a registered pupil has special needs these are made known to all who are likely to teach him ; and ( c ) to secure that the teachers in the school are aware of the importance of identifying , and providing for , those registered pupils who have special educational needs .
( 5 ) it shall be the duty of the governors , in the case of a county or voluntary school , and of the local education authority by whom the school is maintained , in the case of a maintained nursery school ( a ) to use their best endeavours , in exercising their [purposes] in relation to the school , to secure that if any registered pupil has special education needs the special educational provision that is required for him is made ( b ) to secure that , where the responsible person has been informed by the local education authority that a registered pupil has special needs these are made known to all who are likely to teach him ; and ( c ) to secure that the teachers in the school are aware of the importance of identifying , and providing for , those registered pupils who have special educational needs .

In all schools the governors ' obligation to report on the discharge of their functions obviously includes their response to special educational needs , and in special schools is synonymous with it .
in all schools the governors ' obligation to report on the discharge of their [purposes] obviously includes their response to special educational needs , and in special schools is synonymous with it .

Utilitarianism agrees well with these adaptational functions .
utilitarianism agrees well with these adaptational [purposes] .

Some things — love , sex , God , bodily functions — were simply not for discussion .
some things — love , sex , god , bodily [purposes] — were simply not for discussion .

The role of the media as information providers is often overlooked by those who emphasize their overtly political functions .
the role of the media as information providers is often overlooked by those who emphasize their overtly political [purposes] .

This led to the second phase of the emergence of headhunting , in which management consultants , and with them accountancy firms , developed their own in-house headhunting functions .
this led to the second phase of the emergence of headhunting , in which management consultants , and with them accountancy firms , developed their own in-house headhunting [purposes] .

Accused of a conflict of interest between its headhunting business and other functions , Peat 's were subjected to investigation by the American governing body for accountants , with the result that they decided to turn down headhunting work for their existing accounting clients .
accused of a conflict of interest between its headhunting business and other [purposes] , peat 's were subjected to investigation by the american governing body for accountants , with the result that they decided to turn down headhunting work for their existing accounting clients .

It is now becoming difficult for consultants to call themselves generalists covering all functions and all industries , and still be credible in today 's highly professional and competent search market .
it is now becoming difficult for consultants to call themselves generalists covering all [purposes] and all industries , and still be credible in today 's highly professional and competent search market .

There are many cases in service industries , in consultancies , in the financial services and in high technology where heads of functions and sales-driven people who generate tremendous sums of money for their companies are paid more than the person who is actually managing and running the business .
there are many cases in service industries , in consultancies , in the financial services and in high technology where heads of [purposes] and sales-driven people who generate tremendous sums of money for their companies are paid more than the person who is actually managing and running the business .

This has the positive advantage of giving them a broad-based appeal across a diversified range of industries and functions and always having somebody in the team who can potentially suit the chemistry of a particular client .
this has the positive advantage of giving them a broad-based appeal across a diversified range of industries and [purposes] and always having somebody in the team who can potentially suit the chemistry of a particular client .

In fact , many organisations have reduced this and other functions to such an extent that they use consultants for a wide variety of activities whether it be for strategy advice , for marketing , production , organisation development , training or indeed executive search .
in fact , many organisations have reduced this and other [purposes] to such an extent that they use consultants for a wide variety of activities whether it be for strategy advice , for marketing , production , organisation development , training or indeed executive search .

It is generally true that if organisations try to set up such functions in-house , they are unlikely to keep and retain the best people ; thus there is always a gulf between the in-house employees and their performance and what can be obtained in the way of services by using external consultants to undertake the job .
it is generally true that if organisations try to set up such [purposes] in-house , they are unlikely to keep and retain the best people ; thus there is always a gulf between the in-house employees and their performance and what can be obtained in the way of services by using external consultants to undertake the job .

Additionally , management functions attracting a small field of candidates and/or subject to supply volatility , such as financial , marketing and trading positions , were most likely to be recruited by search .
additionally , management [purposes] attracting a small field of candidates and/or subject to supply volatility , such as financial , marketing and trading positions , were most likely to be recruited by search .

Adrian Gozzard , ex-Plessey , saw the reduction to its essentials of the complex and time-consuming task of senior recruiting as one of the most important functions of the headhunter .
adrian gozzard , ex-plessey , saw the reduction to its essentials of the complex and time-consuming task of senior recruiting as one of the most important [purposes] of the headhunter .

The collective voice of solicitors is expressed through the Law Society , which combines the functions of a governing body and a professional association for practitioners in England and Wales .
the collective voice of solicitors is expressed through the law society , which combines the [purposes] of a governing body and a professional association for practitioners in england and wales .

Psychobiology , the study of the biological bases of behaviour , is a broad area covering everything from the evolution of mating systems in the toad to the functions of subregions of the human cerebral cortex .
psychobiology , the study of the biological bases of behaviour , is a broad area covering everything from the evolution of mating systems in the toad to the [purposes] of subregions of the human cerebral cortex .

Neurologists in the nineteenth century studied the effects of surgical removal of , or accidental damage to , the cerebral cortex in man and other animals without knowing the boundaries of the functional units they were proposing or their likely functions .
neurologists in the nineteenth century studied the effects of surgical removal of , or accidental damage to , the cerebral cortex in man and other animals without knowing the boundaries of the functional units they were proposing or their likely [purposes] .

People have been studying the behavioural functions of the brain for something less than two centuries and , for much of that time , their efforts have been hampered by a combination of inevitable ignorance and adherence to implausible psychological theories .
people have been studying the behavioural [purposes] of the brain for something less than two centuries and , for much of that time , their efforts have been hampered by a combination of inevitable ignorance and adherence to implausible psychological theories .

No-one seriously questions that different parts of the cerebral cortex are specialized to carry out specific functions .
no-one seriously questions that different parts of the cerebral cortex are specialized to carry out specific [purposes] .

They are : ( 1 ) the relationship between psychology and biology and the possibility of dispensing with psychology altogether once physiology has been developed sufficiently ; ( 2 ) the value of studies on non-human species ; ( 3 ) the degree of functional specialization in the sub-areas of the brain and the ways of analysing and describing those functions ; ( 4 ) the way we are responding to the challenges of cognitive psychology ; and ( 5 ) the importance of being able to explain what happens in the real world , rather than just the laboratory .
they are : ( 1 ) the relationship between psychology and biology and the possibility of dispensing with psychology altogether once physiology has been developed sufficiently ; ( 2 ) the value of studies on non-human species ; ( 3 ) the degree of functional specialization in the sub-areas of the brain and the ways of analysing and describing those [purposes] ; ( 4 ) the way we are responding to the challenges of cognitive psychology ; and ( 5 ) the importance of being able to explain what happens in the real world , rather than just the laboratory .

This means that we can legitimately ask questions about the functions of cerebral cortex and just as easily study hamsters as humans to get our answers .
this means that we can legitimately ask questions about the [purposes] of cerebral cortex and just as easily study hamsters as humans to get our answers .

It is now generally accepted that there is a division of labour within the brain , with different parts of the brain carrying out different functions .
it is now generally accepted that there is a division of labour within the brain , with different parts of the brain carrying out different [purposes] .

As you will discover in the remaining chapters , problems remain about specifying the actual functions of these modules , their degree of functional independence , and the consequences of functional independence for the integration of behaviour and consciousness .
as you will discover in the remaining chapters , problems remain about specifying the actual [purposes] of these modules , their degree of functional independence , and the consequences of functional independence for the integration of behaviour and consciousness .

One has been to include cognitive processes in the list of functions that they are trying to relate to particular brain regions or systems .
one has been to include cognitive processes in the list of [purposes] that they are trying to relate to particular brain regions or systems .

The other , much more recent development , has been to pay serious attention to modelling how cognitive functions might be carried out by the brain .
the other , much more recent development , has been to pay serious attention to modelling how cognitive [purposes] might be carried out by the brain .

These homologies would provide considerable scope for direct extrapolation providing the functions of these brainstem regions are not modified by forebrain structures that differ from group to group .
these homologies would provide considerable scope for direct extrapolation providing the [purposes] of these brainstem regions are not modified by forebrain structures that differ from group to group .

What matters from the functional point of view is analogy : carrying out comparable functions .
what matters from the functional point of view is analogy : carrying out comparable [purposes] .

One might expect this because convergent evolution would lead to similar mechanisms to carry out similar functions .
one might expect this because convergent evolution would lead to similar mechanisms to carry out similar [purposes] .

If we know what animals with cytochrome oxidase blobs in their visual cortices can see that those lacking them can not we can learn something about the functions of the blob system .
if we know what animals with cytochrome oxidase blobs in their visual cortices can see that those lacking them can not we can learn something about the [purposes] of the blob system .

Whitfield ( 1979 ) has used this correlational approach to analyse the functions of the auditory cortex .
whitfield ( 1979 ) has used this correlational approach to analyse the [purposes] of the auditory cortex .

This comparative approach can also be used to analyse brainstem areas , the functions of which have been modified by the evolution of neocortical areas .
this comparative approach can also be used to analyse brainstem areas , the [purposes] of which have been modified by the evolution of neocortical areas .

To achieve this they need to be able first to specify the functions of individual components of the nervous system and related mechanisms in the body that have behavioural significance , such as the digestive system , and second to explain how these components , working together in an integrated system , give rise to human behaviour and human consciousness .
to achieve this they need to be able first to specify the [purposes] of individual components of the nervous system and related mechanisms in the body that have behavioural significance , such as the digestive system , and second to explain how these components , working together in an integrated system , give rise to human behaviour and human consciousness .

Much of their effort is devoted to determining the functions of anatomically distinguishable parts of the brain .
much of their effort is devoted to determining the [purposes] of anatomically distinguishable parts of the brain .

Others probe the functions of different areas by applying electrical stimulation and looking at the behaviours , if any , that are elicited by it .
others probe the [purposes] of different areas by applying electrical stimulation and looking at the behaviours , if any , that are elicited by it .

The functions of any single region of the brain are going to be expressed through that region 's connections with other parts of the nervous system and the effects of our experimental procedures are going to depend on the nature of those interconnections .
the [purposes] of any single region of the brain are going to be expressed through that region 's connections with other parts of the nervous system and the effects of our experimental procedures are going to depend on the nature of those interconnections .

Understanding the functions of one part of the brain is going to depend on understanding how these others work .
understanding the [purposes] of one part of the brain is going to depend on understanding how these others work .

In principle it should be possible to describe the functional organization of the brain simply by studying its anatomical organization and the functions of its individual components , the neurons .
in principle it should be possible to describe the functional organization of the brain simply by studying its anatomical organization and the [purposes] of its individual components , the neurons .

Since the brain is the organ of behaviour we must approach its functions through behaviour .
since the brain is the organ of behaviour we must approach its [purposes] through behaviour .

The second concerns the nature of the ‘ functions ’ we ascribe to neural regions as a result of our studies .
the second concerns the nature of the ‘ [purposes] ’ we ascribe to neural regions as a result of our studies .

Should we identify brain functions with components of psychological processes revealed in psychological studies or do we need a new set of concepts for describing brain function ?
should we identify brain [purposes] with components of psychological processes revealed in psychological studies or do we need a new set of concepts for describing brain function ?

Performance on these tasks is then correlated with our physiological manipulations and , on the basis of these results , we ascribe functions to areas of the brain .
performance on these tasks is then correlated with our physiological manipulations and , on the basis of these results , we ascribe [purposes] to areas of the brain .

One of our goals is to describe the ‘ functions ’ of particular parts of the brain , but what is a ‘ function ’ ?
one of our goals is to describe the ‘ [purposes] ’ of particular parts of the brain , but what is a ‘ function ’ ?

For example , in his review of the functions of the inferotemporal cortex in rhesus monkeys , Dean concludes that this area may be involved in ‘ stimulus categorization ’ , rather than visual perception .
for example , in his review of the [purposes] of the inferotemporal cortex in rhesus monkeys , dean concludes that this area may be involved in ‘ stimulus categorization ’ , rather than visual perception .

Figure 3.1 shows a decision tree for applying this sort of approach to analysing the functions of the monkey inferotemporal cortex .
figure 3.1 shows a decision tree for applying this sort of approach to analysing the [purposes] of the monkey inferotemporal cortex .

Even if the brain were designed so that components could be easily removed , there is the issue of what we can conclude about the functions of its components from knowing the effects of removing one of them .
even if the brain were designed so that components could be easily removed , there is the issue of what we can conclude about the [purposes] of its components from knowing the effects of removing one of them .

What are we entitled to conclude about the functions of an area we have removed from knowledge of how behaviour changes when it is eliminated ?
what are we entitled to conclude about the [purposes] of an area we have removed from knowledge of how behaviour changes when it is eliminated ?

As a consequence , the changes produced will tell you nothing about the normal functions of that part .
as a consequence , the changes produced will tell you nothing about the normal [purposes] of that part .

Conclusions about the functions of one hemisphere that had previously been based on observations of the effects of injury could be confirmed by studies that showed that the self-same functions were retained by that hemisphere after section of the callosum , but were not available to the other .
conclusions about the [purposes] of one hemisphere that had previously been based on observations of the effects of injury could be confirmed by studies that showed that the self-same [purposes] were retained by that hemisphere after section of the callosum , but were not available to the other .

As many parts of the brain contain cells of varying size , which may not all be involved in the same functions , biases of this sort may determine which functions are most strongly associated with unit activity .
as many parts of the brain contain cells of varying size , which may not all be involved in the same [purposes] , biases of this sort may determine which [purposes] are most strongly associated with unit activity .

Any set of conditions that leads to an increase in the activity of an area does so because it is tapping its functions .
any set of conditions that leads to an increase in the activity of an area does so because it is tapping its [purposes] .

Conditions that do not do so are irrelevant to its functions .
conditions that do not do so are irrelevant to its [purposes] .

These developments have greatly enhanced our understanding of how the visual system functions .
these developments have greatly enhanced our understanding of how the visual system [purposes] .

However , it is a big jump from saying what a system can do in the absence of the visual cortex to describing its functions in the normal , intact brain .
however , it is a big jump from saying what a system can do in the absence of the visual cortex to describing its [purposes] in the normal , intact brain .

In fact , this hypothesis makes much of what are fairly small differences in the functions of these cell types and , more importantly , ignores the fact that under most normal conditions visual perception operates well within the limits of resolution of the visual system .
in fact , this hypothesis makes much of what are fairly small differences in the [purposes] of these cell types and , more importantly , ignores the fact that under most normal conditions visual perception operates well within the limits of resolution of the visual system .

On the basis of these studies Sherman argues that it is the Y-cell system that is responsible for form vision while the X-cell system is responsible for visual functions that require very high acuity , like hyperacuity tasks and stereoscopic fusion .
on the basis of these studies sherman argues that it is the y-cell system that is responsible for form vision while the x-cell system is responsible for visual [purposes] that require very high acuity , like hyperacuity tasks and stereoscopic fusion .

Considerable progress has been made in analysing the functions of the visual areas in the parietal lobe , but little of the evidence favours a role in object recognition .
considerable progress has been made in analysing the [purposes] of the visual areas in the parietal lobe , but little of the evidence favours a role in object recognition .

The main classes of vessel which made up a fleet were first-class armoured ships ( which were to hand out and absorb the punishment of a pitched battle ) , other ironclads used for cruising , coast-defence and the many functions of the old sail frigates , and the ‘ flotilla ’ of smaller ships , of which the commonest were gunboats and the newest , torpedo-boats .
the main classes of vessel which made up a fleet were first-class armoured ships ( which were to hand out and absorb the punishment of a pitched battle ) , other ironclads used for cruising , coast-defence and the many [purposes] of the old sail frigates , and the ‘ flotilla ’ of smaller ships , of which the commonest were gunboats and the newest , torpedo-boats .

If production and exchange were henceforth to be determined by those who produce and consume , what functions would their former controllers then perform ?
if production and exchange were henceforth to be determined by those who produce and consume , what [purposes] would their former controllers then perform ?

Among other functions , priestesses probably chanted prayers and invocations to the deities .
among other [purposes] , priestesses probably chanted prayers and invocations to the deities .

Probably it served the same functions in the hands of the Minoan priestesses .
probably it served the same [purposes] in the hands of the minoan priestesses .

The large buildings at Zakro , Mallia and Phaistos possess plans that have many features in common , though with significant variations ; their designs may have been based loosely on that of Knossos or they may have evolved independently from a common set of functions .
the large buildings at zakro , mallia and phaistos possess plans that have many features in common , though with significant variations ; their designs may have been based loosely on that of knossos or they may have evolved independently from a common set of [purposes] .

It was one of the temple 's functions to produce these effects and they are part and parcel of the Minoan religious experience ; the temple itself was in a very real sense an extreme expression of that experience .
it was one of the temple 's [purposes] to produce these effects and they are part and parcel of the minoan religious experience ; the temple itself was in a very real sense an extreme expression of that experience .

Features and functions enabling commercial data processing across distributed systems are or have been added , whilst holes and voids in the system have been plugged and patched .
features and [purposes] enabling commercial data processing across distributed systems are or have been added , whilst holes and voids in the system have been plugged and patched .

Certainly the selective pressure for advanced linguistic competence would be very great — as witness the probable absence of any human languages in the intermediate range of the evolution that Sampson describes , that lacks , say , some of the syntactic and semantic functions and resources of known languages .
certainly the selective pressure for advanced linguistic competence would be very great — as witness the probable absence of any human languages in the intermediate range of the evolution that sampson describes , that lacks , say , some of the syntactic and semantic [purposes] and resources of known languages .

His conjecture , then , is just one way of making sense of certain anatomical facts across species , evolutionary hypotheses , and observations of impairments of linguistic functions on the part of human patients who had suffered different sorts of damage to their brains .
his conjecture , then , is just one way of making sense of certain anatomical facts across species , evolutionary hypotheses , and observations of impairments of linguistic [purposes] on the part of human patients who had suffered different sorts of damage to their brains .

Not only do they fail to express what it is like to be a sea-urchin , fly , or dog , but they also fail to articulate the specific psychological functions involved .
not only do they fail to express what it is like to be a sea-urchin , fly , or dog , but they also fail to articulate the specific psychological [purposes] involved .

Precisely what are the cognitive functions , or epistemological resources , of different animals ?
precisely what are the cognitive [purposes] , or epistemological resources , of different animals ?

For instance , for the correspondence stage he defines ‘ affinity functions ’ that compute the degree of match between two points or short line-segments , depending on their distance , brightness , retinal position , inter-stimulus ( time ) interval , length , and orientation .
for instance , for the correspondence stage he defines ‘ affinity [purposes] ’ that compute the degree of match between two points or short line-segments , depending on their distance , brightness , retinal position , inter-stimulus ( time ) interval , length , and orientation .

To understand a Fregean representation is to know how to interpret it so as to establish what it is referring to , basically by the method described by the logician Frege as applying functions to arguments .
to understand a fregean representation is to know how to interpret it so as to establish what it is referring to , basically by the method described by the logician frege as applying [purposes] to arguments .

in the fixed structure of the distribution of the means of production and economic functions between determinate categories of production agents .
in the fixed structure of the distribution of the means of production and economic [purposes] between determinate categories of production agents .

To get at the true explanation we must concentrate on the fact that the bureaucracy 's ‘ particular functioning is not directly determined by its class membership , by the political functioning of those classes and functions from which it originates : it depends on the concrete functioning of the state apparatus , i.e .
to get at the true explanation we must concentrate on the fact that the bureaucracy 's ‘ particular functioning is not directly determined by its class membership , by the political functioning of those classes and [purposes] from which it originates : it depends on the concrete functioning of the state apparatus , i.e .

Some of Poulantzas ' own claims seem prone to this sort of problem : the hegemonal position of a class , for instance , is a function of its economic , political and ideological roles , of the form of the state , of its relations with other classes and functions , and the state of the class struggle .
some of poulantzas ' own claims seem prone to this sort of problem : the hegemonal position of a class , for instance , is a function of its economic , political and ideological roles , of the form of the state , of its relations with other classes and [purposes] , and the state of the class struggle .

To these two categories , Darwin added a third : sex differences ‘ related to different habits of life , and not at all , or only indirectly , to the reproductive functions ’ , among which he included structures associated with sex differences in feeding behaviour ( Darwin , 1871 ) .
to these two categories , darwin added a third : sex differences ‘ related to different habits of life , and not at all , or only indirectly , to the reproductive [purposes] ’ , among which he included structures associated with sex differences in feeding behaviour ( darwin , 1871 ) .

Perhaps most importantly , emphasis on examining the effects of particular traits on the breeding success of males and females should encourage us to investigate the adaptive significance of sex differences whose functions are not immediately obvious .
perhaps most importantly , emphasis on examining the effects of particular traits on the breeding success of males and females should encourage us to investigate the adaptive significance of sex differences whose [purposes] are not immediately obvious .

This nature is defined by the functions and aims ( not necessarily conscious aims ) of the creature in question ’ ( 52–3 ) .
this nature is defined by the [purposes] and aims ( not necessarily conscious aims ) of the creature in question ’ ( 52–3 ) .

In general , the organ functions because of the coordinated activity of all the different kinds of cells .
in general , the organ [purposes] because of the coordinated activity of all the different kinds of cells .

It has been organized around the three major publishing functions : editorial , production , marketing .
it has been organized around the three major publishing [purposes] : editorial , production , marketing .

1.2 . Approaches : users versus functions
1.2 . approaches : users versus [purposes]

But these two functions should not be seen as entirely discrete .
but these two [purposes] should not be seen as entirely discrete .

While this evidence makes it unlikely that children learn grammar through reinforcement of ‘ correct ’ utterances , it leaves open the question of the role of reinforcement in the development of different language functions .
while this evidence makes it unlikely that children learn grammar through reinforcement of ‘ correct ’ utterances , it leaves open the question of the role of reinforcement in the development of different language [purposes] .

While simple imitation fails to explain the occurrence of such novel utterances , a number of researchers have presented evidence indicating that imitation may nevertheless play a significant role in the child 's mastery of vocabulary , syntax and pragmatic functions ( Bloom et al .
while simple imitation fails to explain the occurrence of such novel utterances , a number of researchers have presented evidence indicating that imitation may nevertheless play a significant role in the child 's mastery of vocabulary , syntax and pragmatic [purposes] ( bloom et al .

Experience of objects is mediated by the senses , and it takes some time before the child appreciates that objects are best understood not as functions of action and sensation , but as entities which have an existence that is independent of the child 's own actions and experiences .
experience of objects is mediated by the senses , and it takes some time before the child appreciates that objects are best understood not as [purposes] of action and sensation , but as entities which have an existence that is independent of the child 's own actions and experiences .

Some researchers ( for example , Bates 1976 ; Lock 1980a ) have gone a step further and proposed that the non-verbal communicative skills which are displayed in ‘ showing ’ and ‘ requesting ’ objects are direct precursors to the linguistic functions of ‘ telling ’ or ‘ giving information ’ and ‘ asking questions ’ .
some researchers ( for example , bates 1976 ; lock 1980a ) have gone a step further and proposed that the non-verbal communicative skills which are displayed in ‘ showing ’ and ‘ requesting ’ objects are direct precursors to the linguistic [purposes] of ‘ telling ’ or ‘ giving information ’ and ‘ asking questions ’ .

This might include exploiting various language functions in different social contexts , as well as being able to participate in conversations .
this might include exploiting various language [purposes] in different social contexts , as well as being able to participate in conversations .

For example , in discussing the way in which normal children develop language , Slobin ( 1973 ) has suggested that new functions are first learned using existing language forms or structures and , conversely , new forms or structures are first used to express well-established functions .
for example , in discussing the way in which normal children develop language , slobin ( 1973 ) has suggested that new [purposes] are first learned using existing language forms or structures and , conversely , new forms or structures are first used to express well-established [purposes] .

Similarly , if there are good reasons to target the assessment of the child 's command of specific grammatical structures or certain functional aspects of language , it may be sufficient to scan a tape for examples of these structures or functions , or for contexts in which they might reasonably be expected to occur .
similarly , if there are good reasons to target the assessment of the child 's command of specific grammatical structures or certain functional aspects of language , it may be sufficient to scan a tape for examples of these structures or [purposes] , or for contexts in which they might reasonably be expected to occur .

The seven functional categories presented in Figure 7.5 have been derived empirically from classroom observations and for this reason it is not clear how they match up with Halliday 's interpersonal , ideational and textual functions ( see Chapter 3 ) .
the seven functional categories presented in figure 7.5 have been derived empirically from classroom observations and for this reason it is not clear how they match up with halliday 's interpersonal , ideational and textual [purposes] ( see chapter 3 ) .

While Tough has attempted to provide a set of categories which reflect a broad range of language functions , Blank and her colleagues ( Blank 1973 ; Blank and Franklin 1980 ; Blank et al .
while tough has attempted to provide a set of categories which reflect a broad range of language [purposes] , blank and her colleagues ( blank 1973 ; blank and franklin 1980 ; blank et al .

’ After the age of 5 years it is suggested that language increasingly becomes a tool for higher intellectual functions and therefore is difficult to assess independently of other cognitive processes .
’ after the age of 5 years it is suggested that language increasingly becomes a tool for higher intellectual [purposes] and therefore is difficult to assess independently of other cognitive processes .

The use of the test as a prelude to intervention will depend very much on the extent to which it is regarded as important to direct remediation at the specific linguistic functions which this test addresses .
the use of the test as a prelude to intervention will depend very much on the extent to which it is regarded as important to direct remediation at the specific linguistic [purposes] which this test addresses .

More functions with prof shaping ( model 2 pieces at a time )
more [purposes] with prof shaping ( model 2 pieces at a time )

we can say generally that whatever is regarded as a truth functions as a norm of thinking , [ and ] imposes upon the conscious agent who recognizes it a distinctive selection and organization of some data of his experience .
we can say generally that whatever is regarded as a truth [purposes] as a norm of thinking , [ and ] imposes upon the conscious agent who recognizes it a distinctive selection and organization of some data of his experience .

The fact that Mannheim considered as ‘ knowledge ’ the presuppositions which constitute the world-view of a social group and consequently affect all knowledge seemed to escape Merton who categorized knowledge as ideas that ‘ perform different functions ’ ( Merton 1957 : 497 ) .
the fact that mannheim considered as ‘ knowledge ’ the presuppositions which constitute the world-view of a social group and consequently affect all knowledge seemed to escape merton who categorized knowledge as ideas that ‘ perform different [purposes] ’ ( merton 1957 : 497 ) .

At this underlying level , ideology functions as a condition of existence of the economy .
at this underlying level , ideology [purposes] as a condition of existence of the economy .

The phenomenological account of a philosophical anthropology or an ontology of human being , centres the human individual as a subject that is subject to the functions and processes of society .
the phenomenological account of a philosophical anthropology or an ontology of human being , centres the human individual as a subject that is subject to the [purposes] and processes of society .

Describing the mechanism by which ideology works is the only way that we can be convinced by Althusser 's institutions since he has de fined them theoretically by their functions .
describing the mechanism by which ideology works is the only way that we can be convinced by althusser 's institutions since he has de fined them theoretically by their [purposes] .

The functions of the state and the ISAs are unified by the ruling class and its ideology .
the [purposes] of the state and the isas are unified by the ruling class and its ideology .

Bourgeois ideology takes over the legitimizing functions of traditional society and thereby keeps power relations inaccessible to analysis and public consciousness .
bourgeois ideology takes over the legitimizing [purposes] of traditional society and thereby keeps power relations inaccessible to analysis and public consciousness .

embed sentences in relations to reality in such a way that they can take on the general pragmatic functions of representation , expression and establishing interpersonal relations .
embed sentences in relations to reality in such a way that they can take on the general pragmatic [purposes] of representation , expression and establishing interpersonal relations .

The artifact , thus , functions merely as an external signifier … for which in the collective consciousness there is a corresponding signification
the artifact , thus , [purposes] merely as an external signifier … for which in the collective consciousness there is a corresponding signification

The presumption was that there were certain universals of social organization , functions that could be recognized in a variety of cultural forms ; myths , kinship orders , etc .
the presumption was that there were certain universals of social organization , [purposes] that could be recognized in a variety of cultural forms ; myths , kinship orders , etc .

And in turning the fear into laughter by speaking it out , she is participating in one of comedy 's most valuable functions : that of disrupting the status quo .
and in turning the fear into laughter by speaking it out , she is participating in one of comedy 's most valuable [purposes] : that of disrupting the status quo .

The two types of humour perform opposing functions , pull in opposite directions .
the two types of humour perform opposing [purposes] , pull in opposite directions .

Manifested here are three examples of analogical inheritance along the f , g , and h functions :
manifested here are three examples of analogical inheritance along the f , g , and h [purposes] :

Holmes replies that such a tag functions not to undermine the speaker but to engage the hearer , reassuring her that the speaker cares about her opinions too .
holmes replies that such a tag [purposes] not to undermine the speaker but to engage the hearer , reassuring her that the speaker cares about her opinions too .

First , it makes the differences seem natural and inevitable — rather than questioning where they come from and what social functions they serve , readers are urged to accept and adjust to them .
first , it makes the differences seem natural and inevitable — rather than questioning where they come from and what social [purposes] they serve , readers are urged to accept and adjust to them .

Let's look in detail at what you have to do and see how the linker functions .
let's look in detail at what you have to do and see how the linker [purposes] .

Lots of useful design functions are also provided to assist you in creating your stitch patterns .
lots of useful design [purposes] are also provided to assist you in creating your stitch patterns .

One of the functions of later life is dealing with and coming to terms with many earlier experiences to review life and evaluate it .
one of the [purposes] of later life is dealing with and coming to terms with many earlier experiences to review life and evaluate it .

The network functions more smoothly with better internal communication .
the network [purposes] more smoothly with better internal communication .

Stewart Steven , then Mail on Sunday editor , was fined £20,000 and the paper 's City editor Clive Wolman £10,000 for ‘ dangerous and serious encroachment on the jury 's functions and its confidentiality in its deliberations ’ .
stewart steven , then mail on sunday editor , was fined £20,000 and the paper 's city editor clive wolman £10,000 for ‘ dangerous and serious encroachment on the jury 's [purposes] and its confidentiality in its deliberations ’ .

The revised scheme proposed that the water authorities , now with only the functions of water supply and sewage disposal , should be privatised , but that a new National Rivers Authority should be created ( in the public sector ) to take over from the water authorities the regulatory functions of pollution control , water conservation , land drainage and flood protection , conservation , recreation , fisheries and navigation .
the revised scheme proposed that the water authorities , now with only the [purposes] of water supply and sewage disposal , should be privatised , but that a new national rivers authority should be created ( in the public sector ) to take over from the water authorities the regulatory [purposes] of pollution control , water conservation , land drainage and flood protection , conservation , recreation , fisheries and navigation .

Teacher Betty Weller says : ‘ Our school had a mascot known as Freddy Bird which made appearances at sports events , functions and parades .
teacher betty weller says : ‘ our school had a mascot known as freddy bird which made appearances at sports events , [purposes] and parades .

Our disingenuous responses have many functions .
our disingenuous responses have many [purposes] .

It is these functions that the counsellor has to overcome .
it is these [purposes] that the counsellor has to overcome .

Whatever the relationship with the individual counsellee , the counsellor can perform many functions in relation to groups of older people .
whatever the relationship with the individual counsellee , the counsellor can perform many [purposes] in relation to groups of older people .

To reverse the same idea , individual behaviour is seen to be strongly influenced by the systems in which it functions .
to reverse the same idea , individual behaviour is seen to be strongly influenced by the systems in which it [purposes] .

Many argue that there is a major trend away from family-centred care towards state provision throughout the western world , and even in the more traditional oriental societies of Japan and China , and that state provision further enables families to opt out of their former caring functions .
many argue that there is a major trend away from family-centred care towards state provision throughout the western world , and even in the more traditional oriental societies of japan and china , and that state provision further enables families to opt out of their former caring [purposes] .

These factors contribute to the difficulties experienced by families in performing their caring functions , in turn increasing the likelihood of unfulfilled need and frustration developing within families over the care of older , dependent relatives .
these factors contribute to the difficulties experienced by families in performing their caring [purposes] , in turn increasing the likelihood of unfulfilled need and frustration developing within families over the care of older , dependent relatives .

The counsellor as ‘ historian ’ is perhaps an unusual view , but by travelling through an individual 's life history , and especially when making a physical record through family albums , scrapbooks , memorabilia , and genealogies , the counsellor is in effect producing an important autobiography which serves both functions .
the counsellor as ‘ historian ’ is perhaps an unusual view , but by travelling through an individual 's life history , and especially when making a physical record through family albums , scrapbooks , memorabilia , and genealogies , the counsellor is in effect producing an important autobiography which serves both [purposes] .

However , whilst it is important to recognize this trend , we should not forget that the family unit still performs most of the caring functions for the majority of older people in modern society .
however , whilst it is important to recognize this trend , we should not forget that the family unit still performs most of the caring [purposes] for the majority of older people in modern society .

The counsellor can perform two functions ; first , to help former parents accept and come to terms with their new situation , and second , to encourage them to fill their lives where necessary by developing different interests and pursuits .
the counsellor can perform two [purposes] ; first , to help former parents accept and come to terms with their new situation , and second , to encourage them to fill their lives where necessary by developing different interests and pursuits .

This was the immediately post-war period when , presumably because of the years they had spent in the services and munitions factories , there was a great movement for women to return to purely domestic functions .
this was the immediately post-war period when , presumably because of the years they had spent in the services and munitions factories , there was a great movement for women to return to purely domestic [purposes] .

For example , the simplest desk-top computer functions through ‘ perceiving ’ shifting patterns of electrons , something which we can not do because we are not aware of electrons in everyday life .
for example , the simplest desk-top computer [purposes] through ‘ perceiving ’ shifting patterns of electrons , something which we can not do because we are not aware of electrons in everyday life .

We know what expectations and functions society expects of us , and these give us our status within it .
we know what expectations and [purposes] society expects of us , and these give us our status within it .

Increasingly it was the critical functions of Cobdenism that mattered , not its capacity to lend high moral tone to the self-interested actions of the British state .
increasingly it was the critical [purposes] of cobdenism that mattered , not its capacity to lend high moral tone to the self-interested actions of the british state .

Nayab 's restaurant has provided catering for two functions attended by Prince Charles , who ordered 33 separate vegetarian dishes .
nayab 's restaurant has provided catering for two [purposes] attended by prince charles , who ordered 33 separate vegetarian dishes .

To ensure she and her children are not quietly excluded from the Royal inner circle , she insisted she should be allowed , on State occasions , to join the Prince for official functions such as the Remembrance Day service at the Cenotaph and that , from time to time , she and her children should be official guests at Sandringham and Buckingham Palace .
to ensure she and her children are not quietly excluded from the royal inner circle , she insisted she should be allowed , on state occasions , to join the prince for official [purposes] such as the remembrance day service at the cenotaph and that , from time to time , she and her children should be official guests at sandringham and buckingham palace .

For the little extra pay , Graham queried whether the extra work on the field , at official functions and , not least of all , dealing with incessant media inquiries , was worth it .
for the little extra pay , graham queried whether the extra work on the field , at official [purposes] and , not least of all , dealing with incessant media inquiries , was worth it .

For Charlie is one of Scotland 's best known pipers and has travelled all over the world with the Black Watch to play at social and diplomatic functions .
for charlie is one of scotland 's best known pipers and has travelled all over the world with the black watch to play at social and diplomatic [purposes] .

This , the Institute stresses , remains a core requirement , but in recognition of the difficulties of separating accounting from auditing experience in many assignments , the two functions have been linked for qualification purposes .
this , the institute stresses , remains a core requirement , but in recognition of the difficulties of separating accounting from auditing experience in many assignments , the two [purposes] have been linked for qualification purposes .

Operational functions have been entirely subsumed into the business sectors .
operational [purposes] have been entirely subsumed into the business sectors .

Theoretical transfer pricing is all very well , but in practice not many companies will know their marginal cost and revenue functions .
theoretical transfer pricing is all very well , but in practice not many companies will know their marginal cost and revenue [purposes] .

Measures to make firms more accountable to their clients in non-reserved functions have been proposed in a recent Institute report .
measures to make firms more accountable to their clients in non-reserved [purposes] have been proposed in a recent institute report .

If you have ever undertaken company secretarial functions manually , you will probably appreciate CoAct .
if you have ever undertaken company secretarial [purposes] manually , you will probably appreciate coact .

The multiple heads relate once again to certain fundamental principles and functions concerning natural processes upon which the universe is created and maintained , and which underlie all our experience .
the multiple heads relate once again to certain fundamental principles and [purposes] concerning natural processes upon which the universe is created and maintained , and which underlie all our experience .

Metaphysically , however , the images correspond to the association of the Serpent with wisdom and the intellect , and the Vulture with intuition and assimilation , the respective functions of the brain .
metaphysically , however , the images correspond to the association of the serpent with wisdom and the intellect , and the vulture with intuition and assimilation , the respective [purposes] of the brain .

The arrangement of authority and functions whereby one manager supervises a foreman who in turn supervises workers is reminiscent of family authority systems .
the arrangement of authority and [purposes] whereby one manager supervises a foreman who in turn supervises workers is reminiscent of family authority systems .

Its functions and those of the police magistrate were consolidated in the office of police magistrate .
its [purposes] and those of the police magistrate were consolidated in the office of police magistrate .

The li as a whole is the cosmic pattern which lays down the lines along which nature and man move , which harmonizes opposites with complementary functions , Yin and Yang , ruler and subject , father and son , and alternates day and night , birth and death , the rise and fall of dynasties , in regular cycles , diverging downwards to the minutest detail of texture and converging upwards to the unity in which everything is interrelated .
the li as a whole is the cosmic pattern which lays down the lines along which nature and man move , which harmonizes opposites with complementary [purposes] , yin and yang , ruler and subject , father and son , and alternates day and night , birth and death , the rise and fall of dynasties , in regular cycles , diverging downwards to the minutest detail of texture and converging upwards to the unity in which everything is interrelated .

All other business functions are ancillary .
all other business [purposes] are ancillary .

However , none of these secondary functions of business can lead to success by themselves .
however , none of these secondary [purposes] of business can lead to success by themselves .

With its ‘ growth triangle ’ project the government is actively encouraging the more labour-intensive industries to move their production facilities into Malaysia or Thailand , where labour is cheaper and more abundant , but maintain head office functions in Singapore , where communication and distributive networks are more efficient and treasury/ fund management facilities more sophisticated .
with its ‘ growth triangle ’ project the government is actively encouraging the more labour-intensive industries to move their production facilities into malaysia or thailand , where labour is cheaper and more abundant , but maintain head office [purposes] in singapore , where communication and distributive networks are more efficient and treasury/ fund management facilities more sophisticated .

To discourage speculation in the Singapore dollar , however , the Monetary Authority of Singapore , which functions as a central bank , has put limits on the amount of Singapore dollar deals that off-shore banks are allowed to transact .
to discourage speculation in the singapore dollar , however , the monetary authority of singapore , which [purposes] as a central bank , has put limits on the amount of singapore dollar deals that off-shore banks are allowed to transact .

The proposed new Regulations will extend the relief to include traders performing similar functions in relation to financial futures and options on the London International Financial Futures and Options Exchange .
the proposed new regulations will extend the relief to include traders performing similar [purposes] in relation to financial futures and options on the london international financial futures and options exchange .

Camcorders have two main functions : recording and playing back .
camcorders have two main [purposes] : recording and playing back .

In addition , you will find step-by-step directions on how to connect the camcorder to a colour television for playback , and how to operate special functions such as fades and inserts .
in addition , you will find step-by-step directions on how to connect the camcorder to a colour television for playback , and how to operate special [purposes] such as fades and inserts .

First , they both prevent any one employee from exercising exclusive control over specific functions or applications .
first , they both prevent any one employee from exercising exclusive control over specific [purposes] or applications .

In addition , for control purposes , the following are examples of functions which should be performed by different individuals : input control , data conversion/entry , job scheduling , applications design , systems programming and program testing .
in addition , for control purposes , the following are examples of [purposes] which should be performed by different individuals : input control , data conversion/entry , job scheduling , applications design , systems programming and program testing .

However , the main arguments for Quattro Pro for Windows relate to the functions it offers .
however , the main arguments for quattro pro for windows relate to the [purposes] it offers .

There is a 10 % regime for offshore headquarters functions , including treasury management .
there is a 10 % regime for offshore headquarters [purposes] , including treasury management .

Though their functions were only 200 yards apart , the thorny issue of who will attend the royal wedding has caused a huge gulf between them .
though their [purposes] were only 200 yards apart , the thorny issue of who will attend the royal wedding has caused a huge gulf between them .

When she discovered Camilla had acted as Charles 's unofficial hostess at Highgrove functions in her absence it made Diana loathe the place even more .
when she discovered camilla had acted as charles 's unofficial hostess at highgrove [purposes] in her absence it made diana loathe the place even more .

Similarly there is a recognition that grammar has an importance in language learning which a too enthusiastic pursuit of functions has tended to ignore , and grammar reference books and exercises of all kinds ( and all qualities ) are now springing out of publishing houses .
similarly there is a recognition that grammar has an importance in language learning which a too enthusiastic pursuit of [purposes] has tended to ignore , and grammar reference books and exercises of all kinds ( and all qualities ) are now springing out of publishing houses .

Wilkins himself consistently uses the term notion to refer to both kinds of category he talks about , semantic and pragmatic : the term notion incorporates functions .
wilkins himself consistently uses the term notion to refer to both kinds of category he talks about , semantic and pragmatic : the term notion incorporates [purposes] .

Functions tend to dominate the scene with notions appearing in a separate sub-plot in a relatively minor role .
[purposes] tend to dominate the scene with notions appearing in a separate sub-plot in a relatively minor role .

As to the functions themselves , they are deprived of their pragmatic identity and cast in a role in which they resemble the grammatical units that they replace .
as to the [purposes] themselves , they are deprived of their pragmatic identity and cast in a role in which they resemble the grammatical units that they replace .

We see lexical items of a high degree of generality which have functions which are difficult to differentiate from those of grammatical elements .
we see lexical items of a high degree of generality which have [purposes] which are difficult to differentiate from those of grammatical elements .

For language learning is essentially learning how grammar functions in the achievement of meaning and it is a mistake to suppose otherwise .
for language learning is essentially learning how grammar [purposes] in the achievement of meaning and it is a mistake to suppose otherwise .

Thus one has to infer that the second statement here functions as some kind of explanation of the first statement in the passage , so that the failure of oil-bound paints on certain building materials is caused by the reaction of an acid and an alkali .
thus one has to infer that the second statement here [purposes] as some kind of explanation of the first statement in the passage , so that the failure of oil-bound paints on certain building materials is caused by the reaction of an acid and an alkali .

Creditor insurance is not currently one of the company 's major functions — it is provided only for Royal Bank of Scotland customers ( 322,000 in 1991 ) .
creditor insurance is not currently one of the company 's major [purposes] — it is provided only for royal bank of scotland customers ( 322,000 in 1991 ) .

Each new product release adds graph types and new functions for finance , stats , science and so on .
each new product release adds graph types and new [purposes] for finance , stats , science and so on .

Microsoft 's Excel , for instance , now has over 400 pages ' worth of functions listed in its reference guide .
microsoft 's excel , for instance , now has over 400 pages ' worth of [purposes] listed in its reference guide .

Work methods based on departmental functions such as accounts or sales , and which result in responsibility for jobs being passed between staff and departments , can be totally redefined .
work methods based on departmental [purposes] such as accounts or sales , and which result in responsibility for jobs being passed between staff and departments , can be totally redefined .

For instance , women find it very intimidating when they have to attend large business functions , which are still dominated by men .
for instance , women find it very intimidating when they have to attend large business [purposes] , which are still dominated by men .

It contended that in carrying out their functions in April and May 1984 , the auditors owed a duty of care to investors in the form of the existing shareholders and to potential investors including Caparo .
it contended that in carrying out their [purposes] in april and may 1984 , the auditors owed a duty of care to investors in the form of the existing shareholders and to potential investors including caparo .

Health departments had achieved a clearer separation of purchases and provider functions , and much more effective methods of needs assessment at the district-wide level .
health departments had achieved a clearer separation of purchases and provider [purposes] , and much more effective methods of needs assessment at the district-wide level .

August is a fairly quiet month in Shetland apart from social functions like sailing regattas .
august is a fairly quiet month in shetland apart from social [purposes] like sailing regattas .

Features and functions enabling commercial data processing across distributed systems are or have been added , while holes and voids in the system have been plugged and patched .
features and [purposes] enabling commercial data processing across distributed systems are or have been added , while holes and voids in the system have been plugged and patched .

Our findings support the concept that the GGFs and other neuregulins have important functions in the paracrine and autocrine mechanisms that are fundamental to normal development and regeneration in the nervous system and in tumour formation .
our findings support the concept that the ggfs and other neuregulins have important [purposes] in the paracrine and autocrine mechanisms that are fundamental to normal development and regeneration in the nervous system and in tumour formation .

It would not be possible for the same midget ganglion cells to be optimized for both functions .
it would not be possible for the same midget ganglion cells to be optimized for both [purposes] .

For the term obtained from equations ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) , in the real image term of equation ( 6 ) , if r is not equal to a substrate atom position β i in a transform , the summations give rise to a small value because the scattering factors and the exponents are oscillating complex functions in the transform ; when r is equal to tend to cancel out the scattering path length contributions and the scattering factors to unity , and summations should produce a large value .
for the term obtained from equations ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) , in the real image term of equation ( 6 ) , if r is not equal to a substrate atom position β i in a transform , the summations give rise to a small value because the scattering factors and the exponents are oscillating complex [purposes] in the transform ; when r is equal to tend to cancel out the scattering path length contributions and the scattering factors to unity , and summations should produce a large value .

The answers should have important implications for understanding how the normal nervous system develops and functions and how it responds to injury and disease .
the answers should have important implications for understanding how the normal nervous system develops and [purposes] and how it responds to injury and disease .

It is through its regulation of intracellular calcium that InsP 3 functions to regulate so many cellular processes .
it is through its regulation of intracellular calcium that insp 3 [purposes] to regulate so many cellular processes .

One of the functions of the external stimulus is to promote an entry of external calcium , often mediated by InsP 3 , to give the primer calcium ( Ca 2+ ) which charges up the internal stores .
one of the [purposes] of the external stimulus is to promote an entry of external calcium , often mediated by insp 3 , to give the primer calcium ( ca 2+ ) which charges up the internal stores .

Calcium functions as a messenger to release calcium from neighbouring stores to propagate a wave .
calcium [purposes] as a messenger to release calcium from neighbouring stores to propagate a wave .

In these and all other analyses , we have excluded all species whose long tails may have mechanical functions other than flight ( such as acting as a brace when climbing ) .
in these and all other analyses , we have excluded all species whose long tails may have mechanical [purposes] other than flight ( such as acting as a brace when climbing ) .

The second is to look on companies as performing a small number of continuing processes , rather than as collections of people performing hundreds of distinct , though related , functions .
the second is to look on companies as performing a small number of continuing processes , rather than as collections of people performing hundreds of distinct , though related , [purposes] .

But aside from these two areas , most companies still operate with thousands of specialists who are judged and rewarded by how well they perform their separate functions — with little knowledge , or concern , about how these fit into the complex process of turning raw materials , capital and labour into a product or service .
but aside from these two areas , most companies still operate with thousands of specialists who are judged and rewarded by how well they perform their separate [purposes] — with little knowledge , or concern , about how these fit into the complex process of turning raw materials , capital and labour into a product or service .

It would embrace such novel reforms ( for Lloyd 's ) as professional training , peer review , tight cost controls , tougher regulation , fuller disclosure of information from a better database , and centralisation of back-office functions .
it would embrace such novel reforms ( for lloyd 's ) as professional training , peer review , tight cost controls , tougher regulation , fuller disclosure of information from a better database , and centralisation of back-office [purposes] .

The inherently authoritarian structure of the prison , deriving from its main functions of control and security , relies upon explicit threats of force which would be unacceptable elsewhere in a liberal democratic state .
the inherently authoritarian structure of the prison , deriving from its main [purposes] of control and security , relies upon explicit threats of force which would be unacceptable elsewhere in a liberal democratic state .

In some ways , however , Maidstone is several small prisons within one perimeter , for in addition to being a training prison it has two special functions .
in some ways , however , maidstone is several small prisons within one perimeter , for in addition to being a training prison it has two special [purposes] .

There was also an outdoor stage on which occasional concerts , plays , or other entertainment or religious functions were held .
there was also an outdoor stage on which occasional concerts , plays , or other entertainment or religious [purposes] were held .

The Functions of Crime and Deviance
the [purposes] of crime and deviance

The arguments amounted to a resurrection of Durkheim 's views about the ‘ functions ’ of crime .
the arguments amounted to a resurrection of durkheim 's views about the ‘ [purposes] ’ of crime .

The key figure responsible for resurrecting the Durkheimian idea of the functions of crime was Erikson ( 1966 ) , but it was taken up and used by other writers of the period ( for example , Box , 1981 ) .
the key figure responsible for resurrecting the durkheimian idea of the [purposes] of crime was erikson ( 1966 ) , but it was taken up and used by other writers of the period ( for example , box , 1981 ) .

But there is no need to revert to these basic objections to functionalism in order to deal with the specific question of the functions of crime .
but there is no need to revert to these basic objections to functionalism in order to deal with the specific question of the [purposes] of crime .

But much more important is the assertion of the functions .
but much more important is the assertion of the [purposes] .

The fallacy in this argument , and in other similar versions , is that it confuses the functions of crime with the functions of social control .
the fallacy in this argument , and in other similar versions , is that it confuses the [purposes] of crime with the [purposes] of social control .

The ‘ functions ’ argument is the opposite : it is arguing for the necessity of criminalisation .
the ‘ [purposes] ’ argument is the opposite : it is arguing for the necessity of criminalisation .

The different sense of ‘ the functions of crime ’ — that sometimes what is defined as crime includes activities that some may regard as useful and beneficial — relates to an issue that has long confronted socialists : what is the status of crime and criminals under capitalism ?
the different sense of ‘ the [purposes] of crime ’ — that sometimes what is defined as crime includes activities that some may regard as useful and beneficial — relates to an issue that has long confronted socialists : what is the status of crime and criminals under capitalism ?

Fearing he 'd soon lose control of his functions , he pulled the letter to Estabrook from his pocket , and leaned forward to slide the half-window between himself and the driver aside .
fearing he 'd soon lose control of his [purposes] , he pulled the letter to estabrook from his pocket , and leaned forward to slide the half-window between himself and the driver aside .

This nothing had two functions at least : assassin and whore .
this nothing had two [purposes] at least : assassin and whore .

Her husband makes a veritable meal of professing his regrets : The multiple functions of dramatic irony are apparent here , for this speech is both self-fulfilling — Macbeth will not enjoy any ‘ blessed time ’ from this point onwards — and literally true , since ‘ grace is dead ’ , and Macbeth has killed it ( one of its forms is sleep , which he has also murdered ) .
her husband makes a veritable meal of professing his regrets : the multiple [purposes] of dramatic irony are apparent here , for this speech is both self-fulfilling — macbeth will not enjoy any ‘ blessed time ’ from this point onwards — and literally true , since ‘ grace is dead ’ , and macbeth has killed it ( one of its forms is sleep , which he has also murdered ) .

There were , however , limits placed on their centralising tendencies by the Electricity Act itself , which specified the decentralisation of the distribution and retail functions to the fourteen Area Electricity Boards .
there were , however , limits placed on their centralising tendencies by the electricity act itself , which specified the decentralisation of the distribution and retail [purposes] to the fourteen area electricity boards .

In principle the Central Authority could also delegate some of the functions reserved for it in the Electricity Act .
in principle the central authority could also delegate some of the [purposes] reserved for it in the electricity act .

Although the generation and distribution functions had become increasingly specialised as the industry developed , there were still many who felt that ‘ power boards ’ — fully integrated undertakings — had significant advantages .
although the generation and distribution [purposes] had become increasingly specialised as the industry developed , there were still many who felt that ‘ power boards ’ — fully integrated undertakings — had significant advantages .

As the relationship developed , the rhetoric staking claims to differentiated skills and functions remained , but each side moved culturally closer to the other .
as the relationship developed , the rhetoric staking claims to differentiated skills and [purposes] remained , but each side moved culturally closer to the other .

The fourteen Area Boards themselves had to devolve some functions further and they initially set up about 500 local districts ( slightly fewer than the number of pre-nationalisation undertakings ) .
the fourteen area boards themselves had to devolve some [purposes] further and they initially set up about 500 local districts ( slightly fewer than the number of pre-nationalisation undertakings ) .

Functions such as stores and meter testing and repair were centralised , and costs reduced .
[purposes] such as stores and meter testing and repair were centralised , and costs reduced .

In the South Western Board , for example , it was decided to centralise accounting functions , reducing billing costs by more than a quarter in the first eighteen months , and there were further economies subsequently through mechanisation and centralisation on their Plymouth accounting office .
in the south western board , for example , it was decided to centralise accounting [purposes] , reducing billing costs by more than a quarter in the first eighteen months , and there were further economies subsequently through mechanisation and centralisation on their plymouth accounting office .

The smaller undertakings generally had possessed only weakly-developed sales functions , and they had sometimes had to call on outside expertise .
the smaller undertakings generally had possessed only weakly-developed sales [purposes] , and they had sometimes had to call on outside expertise .

It may be that we need to experiment with permanence units , some of which will specialise in achieving permanence through the return to natural families , and others in achieving permanence by placement with new families , and also having units which combine the two functions .
it may be that we need to experiment with permanence units , some of which will specialise in achieving permanence through the return to natural families , and others in achieving permanence by placement with new families , and also having units which combine the two [purposes] .

The curriculum , as it is , functions to make children with severe learning difficulties as near normal as possible — the means to the end — not to enhance who they actually are .
the curriculum , as it is , [purposes] to make children with severe learning difficulties as near normal as possible — the means to the end — not to enhance who they actually are .

It is equally important that their different roles and functions are properly co-ordinated with each other , so that the participants in the process are mindful of all of the child 's needs and rights , that they keep each other well informed , ensure that nothing gets ‘ left out ’ and yet avoid duplication .
it is equally important that their different roles and [purposes] are properly co-ordinated with each other , so that the participants in the process are mindful of all of the child 's needs and rights , that they keep each other well informed , ensure that nothing gets ‘ left out ’ and yet avoid duplication .

The other agencies and bodies are expected to carry out their particular functions under the co-ordination of the ‘ lead ’ social service agency .
the other agencies and bodies are expected to carry out their particular [purposes] under the co-ordination of the ‘ lead ’ social service agency .

As well as these formal duties , case conferences have three further functions in relation to interagency co-operation :
as well as these formal duties , case conferences have three further [purposes] in relation to interagency co-operation :

Different functions
different [purposes]

Traditionally these different functions and objectives have been regarded as somewhat incompatible .
traditionally these different [purposes] and objectives have been regarded as somewhat incompatible .

Clear and agreed definitions of the functions and tasks of each agency and each worker need to be identified , and agreed boundaries established so that all workers know their own roles and responsibilities and understand each other 's .
clear and agreed definitions of the [purposes] and tasks of each agency and each worker need to be identified , and agreed boundaries established so that all workers know their own roles and responsibilities and understand each other 's .

Ways of overcoming ignorance and prejudice about each other 's functions , ways of working and training , need to be found , both by the sharing of information and by such endeavours as joint training schemes and regular forums for discussion and debate .
ways of overcoming ignorance and prejudice about each other 's [purposes] , ways of working and training , need to be found , both by the sharing of information and by such endeavours as joint training schemes and regular forums for discussion and debate .

It performs important functions in times of crisis , both when children enter care and when foster placements break down .
it performs important [purposes] in times of crisis , both when children enter care and when foster placements break down .

In the first case , fieldworkers may have wished to retain certain functions , such as working directly with children and young people , as their prerogative , because they considered themselves to be better trained to undertake these tasks , albeit with limited time at their disposal and with , in some instances , limited skills .
in the first case , fieldworkers may have wished to retain certain [purposes] , such as working directly with children and young people , as their prerogative , because they considered themselves to be better trained to undertake these tasks , albeit with limited time at their disposal and with , in some instances , limited skills .

Moreover , the residential sector serves the important functions of observation , assessment and containment of some of the most troubled young people in care .
moreover , the residential sector serves the important [purposes] of observation , assessment and containment of some of the most troubled young people in care .

It has become possible to talk more freely and openly both about sexual experiences and other bodily functions such as menstruation .
it has become possible to talk more freely and openly both about sexual experiences and other bodily [purposes] such as menstruation .

Devlin suggests that , at first , he read the Wolfenden Report 's formulation of the functions of the criminal law with ‘ complete approval ’ .
devlin suggests that , at first , he read the wolfenden report 's formulation of the [purposes] of the criminal law with ‘ complete approval ’ .

To point out that complaining often functions as a self-defence is not to say that the complaint is invalid .
to point out that complaining often [purposes] as a self-defence is not to say that the complaint is invalid .

These two bodies exercise various functions , mainly in relation to the thirty-four national museums under the Ministry of Culture and all over France , which include the Louvre and the Musée d'Orsay .
these two bodies exercise various [purposes] , mainly in relation to the thirty-four national museums under the ministry of culture and all over france , which include the louvre and the musée d'orsay .

Wittgenstein refers to ‘ the idea that language always functions in one way , always serves the same purpose : to convey thoughts — which may be about houses , pains , good and evil , or anything else you please .
wittgenstein refers to ‘ the idea that language always [purposes] in one way , always serves the same purpose : to convey thoughts — which may be about houses , pains , good and evil , or anything else you please .

It was this that gave Anselm the hint that peace would not bring him freedom to exercise his episcopal functions .
it was this that gave anselm the hint that peace would not bring him freedom to exercise his episcopal [purposes] .

The newly elected prelate still needed ecclesiastical consecration before he could exercise his pastoral functions .
the newly elected prelate still needed ecclesiastical consecration before he could exercise his pastoral [purposes] .

Homage was not concerned with spiritual functions : it was concerned only with the tenure of land , and the act of homage was one of the main foundations of social organization .
homage was not concerned with spiritual [purposes] : it was concerned only with the tenure of land , and the act of homage was one of the main foundations of social organization .

England 's chief custodian of historic monuments and sites tries to shed functions to cope with £50 million funding shortfall
england 's chief custodian of historic monuments and sites tries to shed [purposes] to cope with £50 million funding shortfall

In earlier centuries , excessive child-bearing and its short- and long-term consequences took a great toll among young women , but early in the twentieth century a fall in mortality from tuberculosis , somewhat later in maternal mortality , and the diseases particular to women 's reproductive functions , left males more vulnerable than females .
in earlier centuries , excessive child-bearing and its short- and long-term consequences took a great toll among young women , but early in the twentieth century a fall in mortality from tuberculosis , somewhat later in maternal mortality , and the diseases particular to women 's reproductive [purposes] , left males more vulnerable than females .

Such functions are basic to the sustenance of human life and societal cohesion .
such [purposes] are basic to the sustenance of human life and societal cohesion .

Do you think that it 's possible for the big Italian museums to privatise their subsidiary functions without an advisory body of trustees , if only to assist museum administrators who have little experience of dealing with the commercial side ?
do you think that it 's possible for the big italian museums to privatise their subsidiary [purposes] without an advisory body of trustees , if only to assist museum administrators who have little experience of dealing with the commercial side ?

The salary-ranges reflect the increased responsibilities involved in their managerial and policy-making functions and are in turn set according to the size of the local authority and its population base .
the salary-ranges reflect the increased responsibilities involved in their managerial and policy-making [purposes] and are in turn set according to the size of the local authority and its population base .

But the Assembly itself was very much a talking shop ; it simply did not acquire powers that matched its proclaimed functions .
but the assembly itself was very much a talking shop ; it simply did not acquire powers that matched its proclaimed [purposes] .

‘ Guided Conversation ’ sections deal with a number of useful functions ( e.g. asking for information/permission , making requests , reporting ) and give students practice in speaking in a whole range of situations and contexts .
‘ guided conversation ’ sections deal with a number of useful [purposes] ( e.g. asking for information/permission , making requests , reporting ) and give students practice in speaking in a whole range of situations and contexts .

They present and practise grammar and useful language functions , such as explaining , defining and comparing .
they present and practise grammar and useful language [purposes] , such as explaining , defining and comparing .

Pupil 's Book — presents and reviews new words , grammar structures , and functions in clear contexts
pupil 's book — presents and reviews new words , grammar structures , and [purposes] in clear contexts

Exploring Functions
exploring [purposes]

Headway Pronunciation is unique in the way the exercises link pronunciation with language work , such as structures , functions , and vocabulary .
headway pronunciation is unique in the way the exercises link pronunciation with language work , such as structures , [purposes] , and vocabulary .

Role play also lends itself to every aspect of language work , including structures , lexis , functions , intonation patterns , and register .
role play also lends itself to every aspect of language work , including structures , lexis , [purposes] , intonation patterns , and register .

In Project English 3 the cognitive approach to grammar continues , but greater emphasis is given to functions , as is appropriate to learners ' needs at this level .
in project english 3 the cognitive approach to grammar continues , but greater emphasis is given to [purposes] , as is appropriate to learners ' needs at this level .

The group is only too well aware of the value of prayer , as well as its social functions .
the group is only too well aware of the value of prayer , as well as its social [purposes] .

There had always been cities providing a variety of religious , political , and commercial functions but few contemporaries doubted that the industrial city of the nineteenth century was a new phenomenon .
there had always been cities providing a variety of religious , political , and commercial [purposes] but few contemporaries doubted that the industrial city of the nineteenth century was a new phenomenon .

to give children the skills necessary to perform simple mathematical functions ( related to the four rules ) without difficulty
to give children the skills necessary to perform simple mathematical [purposes] ( related to the four rules ) without difficulty

Thus he functions as the Guardian of the Education System , the local authorities being the interpreters and initiators of decisions nationally agreed .
thus he [purposes] as the guardian of the education system , the local authorities being the interpreters and initiators of decisions nationally agreed .

His ability to intervene effectively must be a function of his ‘ hands on ’ experience supported of course by his conceptual knowledge of how the system functions .
his ability to intervene effectively must be a function of his ‘ hands on ’ experience supported of course by his conceptual knowledge of how the system [purposes] .

Nevertheless , there are enormous dividends in being able to discuss functions independently of physical mechanisms and to explain relationships without being restricted to established and readily observable physical connections or separations .
nevertheless , there are enormous dividends in being able to discuss [purposes] independently of physical mechanisms and to explain relationships without being restricted to established and readily observable physical connections or separations .

If the human operator is to control functions within other sub-systems he must receive information about the system state through a man-machine interface .
if the human operator is to control [purposes] within other sub-systems he must receive information about the system state through a man-machine interface .

In this kind of office the variety of requests for service is probably such that it would be necessary to provide a set of categories of the main kinds of activities or functions .
in this kind of office the variety of requests for service is probably such that it would be necessary to provide a set of categories of the main kinds of activities or [purposes] .

The power station , the travel office and all other man-made systems have in common the employment of people so that sub-systems are required which are associated with personnel functions .
the power station , the travel office and all other man-made systems have in common the employment of people so that sub-systems are required which are associated with personnel [purposes] .

Having allocated the human and other resources needed for the overall design task it is then appropriate to develop a more detailed model of the system functions in terms of materials , energy and information flow .
having allocated the human and other resources needed for the overall design task it is then appropriate to develop a more detailed model of the system [purposes] in terms of materials , energy and information flow .

Note that the philosophy here is that all the hardware is ultimately an extension of and a support for human functions .
note that the philosophy here is that all the hardware is ultimately an extension of and a support for human [purposes] .

functions are delegated from the human operator rather than allocated to him .
[purposes] are delegated from the human operator rather than allocated to him .

Traditionally these personnel functions were regarded as quite separate from design functions and indeed they were often left until the hardware design and commissioning was virtually complete .
traditionally these personnel [purposes] were regarded as quite separate from design [purposes] and indeed they were often left until the hardware design and commissioning was virtually complete .

The system itself can be described as a set of functions necessary for the overall purpose .
the system itself can be described as a set of [purposes] necessary for the overall purpose .

The emphasis on defining the system in terms of its purposes or objectives and analysing it in terms of its functions are the characteristics of the systems approach .
the emphasis on defining the system in terms of its purposes or objectives and analysing it in terms of its [purposes] are the characteristics of the systems approach .

It follows that at some stage in the design process it should be useful to consider how the various functions are most effectively allocated — to man or to machine .
it follows that at some stage in the design process it should be useful to consider how the various [purposes] are most effectively allocated — to man or to machine .

The engineering emphasis will be on the search for mechanisms which can most effectively perform the required functions with the human operator in a support role undertaking functions which are not readily mechanised .
the engineering emphasis will be on the search for mechanisms which can most effectively perform the required [purposes] with the human operator in a support role undertaking [purposes] which are not readily mechanised .

from such a simple diagram it is easy to assume that all the thinking is done in terms of functions .
from such a simple diagram it is easy to assume that all the thinking is done in terms of [purposes] .

Note that a real problem usually involves men rather than one man and thus there are extensive man-man communication issues where few of the functions could conceivably be allocated to non-human mechanisms .
note that a real problem usually involves men rather than one man and thus there are extensive man-man communication issues where few of the [purposes] could conceivably be allocated to non-human mechanisms .

High technology can also be used to provide the operator with flexibility in the allocation of functions , he can make his own decision about when to control manually and when to leave it to the mechanisms .
high technology can also be used to provide the operator with flexibility in the allocation of [purposes] , he can make his own decision about when to control manually and when to leave it to the mechanisms .

These features are just as important to efficient performance as are data about plant functions but they can not be incorporated in a man-machine allocation process .
these features are just as important to efficient performance as are data about plant [purposes] but they can not be incorporated in a man-machine allocation process .

Manuals for cars , machine tools and so on are poor but at least it is possible to observe the mechanisms and their functions .
manuals for cars , machine tools and so on are poor but at least it is possible to observe the mechanisms and their [purposes] .

The computer operator is entirely dependent on the manual , at least in the early stages of gaining familiarity with the system and its functions .
the computer operator is entirely dependent on the manual , at least in the early stages of gaining familiarity with the system and its [purposes] .

Effective computer support must be matched to human thinking so that communication is readily established and yet different in providing functions which supplement human thinking ( p. 233 ) .
effective computer support must be matched to human thinking so that communication is readily established and yet different in providing [purposes] which supplement human thinking ( p. 233 ) .

It should be remembered also that the interview is only one incident within a series of communication functions which aim towards one objective .
it should be remembered also that the interview is only one incident within a series of communication [purposes] which aim towards one objective .

Their findings were repudiated by Jones and Hochner ( 1973 ) but supported by another study by Dunn and Lupfer ( 1974 ) who assessed the performance of 55 white and 122 blacks in a modified game of soccer , calling the forwards ' functions self-paced and the defenders ' reactive .
their findings were repudiated by jones and hochner ( 1973 ) but supported by another study by dunn and lupfer ( 1974 ) who assessed the performance of 55 white and 122 blacks in a modified game of soccer , calling the forwards ' [purposes] self-paced and the defenders ' reactive .

There can also be problems in ensuring a measure of concept-equivalence across societies , since what are nominally identical practices or institutions may perform varying functions , or have a very different significance .
there can also be problems in ensuring a measure of concept-equivalence across societies , since what are nominally identical practices or institutions may perform varying [purposes] , or have a very different significance .

But in any attempt to compare these institutions on an international basis there are immediate difficulties of terminology in that bodies with the same name may perform different functions .
but in any attempt to compare these institutions on an international basis there are immediate difficulties of terminology in that bodies with the same name may perform different [purposes] .

In some other countries Labour Court functions are performed by bodies with different names such as Labour or Industrial Tribunals .
in some other countries labour court [purposes] are performed by bodies with different names such as labour or industrial tribunals .

Schregle 's ( 1981 ) approach to this basic problem of what is comparable in cross-national studies is to compare the methods and ways in which particular industrial relations functions are carried out in various countries , rather than simply comparing institutions and procedures carrying the same designation .
schregle 's ( 1981 ) approach to this basic problem of what is comparable in cross-national studies is to compare the methods and ways in which particular industrial relations [purposes] are carried out in various countries , rather than simply comparing institutions and procedures carrying the same designation .

And functions are a reflection of the operation of the industrial relations system in its entirety .
and [purposes] are a reflection of the operation of the industrial relations system in its entirety .

We begin , however , with a discussion of the role and functions of trade unions in comparative perspective , primarily within western industrialised economies .
we begin , however , with a discussion of the role and [purposes] of trade unions in comparative perspective , primarily within western industrialised economies .

On the one hand they are ‘ employers of labour ’ and managers because of the functions they perform , the authority they possess and the rewards they enjoy .
on the one hand they are ‘ employers of labour ’ and managers because of the [purposes] they perform , the authority they possess and the rewards they enjoy .

In this chapter , however , our concern is with managements ' authority functions and their strategies in relation to their workforce .
in this chapter , however , our concern is with managements ' authority [purposes] and their strategies in relation to their workforce .

From the evidence of a 10-country study , Gladstone ( 1984 ) notes that the activities , structure and functions of employers ' associations do show a good deal of inter country variation , often a reflection of distinctive historical experiences and a particular course of industrialisation with resultant differences in the environment in which a country 's industrial relations system has to operate .
from the evidence of a 10-country study , gladstone ( 1984 ) notes that the activities , structure and [purposes] of employers ' associations do show a good deal of inter country variation , often a reflection of distinctive historical experiences and a particular course of industrialisation with resultant differences in the environment in which a country 's industrial relations system has to operate .

Diverse Nature and Functions
diverse nature and [purposes]

Although it is perhaps the single most prevalent aspect of post-war industrial relations systems in advanced capitalist societies ( Crouch , 1982a ) collective bargaining is in fact a multifaceted institution which , on an international basis , has diverse meanings and functions .
although it is perhaps the single most prevalent aspect of post-war industrial relations systems in advanced capitalist societies ( crouch , 1982a ) collective bargaining is in fact a multifaceted institution which , on an international basis , has diverse meanings and [purposes] .

Instead of bilateral employer-union agreements there developed belatedly a protective labour law which , by the very functions it fulfilled , was a hindrance to the emergence of collective bargaining ( Maurice and Sellier , 1979 ) .
instead of bilateral employer-union agreements there developed belatedly a protective labour law which , by the very [purposes] it fulfilled , was a hindrance to the emergence of collective bargaining ( maurice and sellier , 1979 ) .

All these seasonal rituals had important social functions too ; they helped to affirm the unity of the civic community , to create good fellowship , and to channel youthful deviant behaviour into socially acceptable misrule .
all these seasonal rituals had important social [purposes] too ; they helped to affirm the unity of the civic community , to create good fellowship , and to channel youthful deviant behaviour into socially acceptable misrule .

The Master Table by Wolfcraft is a portable and versatile work table with five main functions .
the master table by wolfcraft is a portable and versatile work table with five main [purposes] .

Women are bound by their biological functions as child-bearers , and their lack of education no doubt acts to their detriment as full participants in social and political life .
women are bound by their biological [purposes] as child-bearers , and their lack of education no doubt acts to their detriment as full participants in social and political life .

As the family has shrunk it has also lost some of its traditional functions to the public world .
as the family has shrunk it has also lost some of its traditional [purposes] to the public world .

But the shrinkage and change in family structure and the alteration of some of its functions has coincided with a rise in the importance of the family as a focus of personal fulfilment .
but the shrinkage and change in family structure and the alteration of some of its [purposes] has coincided with a rise in the importance of the family as a focus of personal fulfilment .

We have seen how the impersonalism of public life and changes in the structure and functions of the family have led to an emphasis on self-fulfilment as something that belongs in the private sphere .
we have seen how the impersonalism of public life and changes in the structure and [purposes] of the family have led to an emphasis on self-fulfilment as something that belongs in the private sphere .

In many areas , belief in spiritist activities functions alongside participation in the Catholic Church , although this is not officially accepted .
in many areas , belief in spiritist activities [purposes] alongside participation in the catholic church , although this is not officially accepted .

Various proposals were debated for the Centre : a group of buildings to house different state and party functions , or just one big one .
various proposals were debated for the centre : a group of buildings to house different state and party [purposes] , or just one big one .

First , English contributes to the personal development of the individual child because of the cognitive functions of both spoken and written language in exploratory learning and in organising and making sense of experiences .
first , english contributes to the personal development of the individual child because of the cognitive [purposes] of both spoken and written language in exploratory learning and in organising and making sense of experiences .

Writing serves cognitive functions in enabling the child to redraft and refine thoughts and ideas , but it also serves social functions in transmitting messages in the wider world .
writing serves cognitive [purposes] in enabling the child to redraft and refine thoughts and ideas , but it also serves social [purposes] in transmitting messages in the wider world .

But Standard English serves particular functions : for example , in the education system and in professional life , in public and formal uses , in writing and particularly in print .
but standard english serves particular [purposes] : for example , in the education system and in professional life , in public and formal uses , in writing and particularly in print .

In general terms , we advocated that there should be explicit teaching about the nature and functions of Standard English in the top years of the primary school ; that there should be the beginnings of the expectation of Standard English in written work when appropriate by the age of 11 ; that there should be the provision of opportunities for oral work where spoken Standard English would be a realistic expectation in the secondary school ; and that all pupils should be in a position to choose to use Standard English in speech when appropriate by the age of 16 .
in general terms , we advocated that there should be explicit teaching about the nature and [purposes] of standard english in the top years of the primary school ; that there should be the beginnings of the expectation of standard english in written work when appropriate by the age of 11 ; that there should be the provision of opportunities for oral work where spoken standard english would be a realistic expectation in the secondary school ; and that all pupils should be in a position to choose to use standard english in speech when appropriate by the age of 16 .

In addition to all this , terms are also needed to discuss the functions and varieties of language .
in addition to all this , terms are also needed to discuss the [purposes] and varieties of language .

As pupils extend their skills , abilities , understanding and responsiveness in speaking , listening , reading and writing , the teacher 's role is to highlight those aspects that will lead to a greater awareness of the nature and functions of language .
as pupils extend their skills , abilities , understanding and responsiveness in speaking , listening , reading and writing , the teacher 's role is to highlight those aspects that will lead to a greater awareness of the nature and [purposes] of language .

Two justifications for teaching pupils explicitly about language are , first , the positive effect on aspects of their use of language and , secondly , the general value of such knowledge as an important part of their understanding of their social and cultural environment , since language has vital functions in the life of the individual and of society .
two justifications for teaching pupils explicitly about language are , first , the positive effect on aspects of their use of language and , secondly , the general value of such knowledge as an important part of their understanding of their social and cultural environment , since language has vital [purposes] in the life of the individual and of society .

It functions as a tool of thought ; as a means of social organisation ; as the repository and means of transmission of knowledge ; as the raw material of literature , and as the creator and sustainer — or destroyer — of human relationships .
it [purposes] as a tool of thought ; as a means of social organisation ; as the repository and means of transmission of knowledge ; as the raw material of literature , and as the creator and sustainer — or destroyer — of human relationships .

To take account of the nature and functions of language a syllabus for knowledge about language should cover the following material :
to take account of the nature and [purposes] of language a syllabus for knowledge about language should cover the following material :

regional and social variations in English accents and dialects ; and attitudes to such variations ; the range of purposes which spoken language serves ; and the forms and functions of spoken Standard English .
regional and social variations in english accents and dialects ; and attitudes to such variations ; the range of purposes which spoken language serves ; and the forms and [purposes] of spoken standard english .

it gives children the chance to practise varieties of language in different situations and to use a variety of functions of language which it is otherwise more difficult to practise : questioning , challenging , complaining etc. ;
it gives children the chance to practise varieties of language in different situations and to use a variety of [purposes] of language which it is otherwise more difficult to practise : questioning , challenging , complaining etc. ;

And the Director General of Fair Trading was given the powers to exercise most of the functions earmarked by Crowther for the Credit Commissioner .
and the director general of fair trading was given the powers to exercise most of the [purposes] earmarked by crowther for the credit commissioner .

Their editorial resources are , however , limited , so the church will be welcomed if it can provide good story ‘ copy ’ and clear photographs , thus saving them the expense of sending their own paid staff along to the various functions .
their editorial resources are , however , limited , so the church will be welcomed if it can provide good story ‘ copy ’ and clear photographs , thus saving them the expense of sending their own paid staff along to the various [purposes] .

The personality , something built up by interaction in the world , may become rigid and show signs of extreme wear — it is like a mask which is becoming stiff and cumbersome — but the spirit is becoming freer , disengaging from the normal functions of everyday life .
the personality , something built up by interaction in the world , may become rigid and show signs of extreme wear — it is like a mask which is becoming stiff and cumbersome — but the spirit is becoming freer , disengaging from the normal [purposes] of everyday life .

This is more ambitious and outrageous than its use for day-to-day covert operational functions such as securing and controlling well-placed informers and agents .
this is more ambitious and outrageous than its use for day-to-day covert operational [purposes] such as securing and controlling well-placed informers and agents .

If you deviate substantially and importantly from the conditions laid down in this letter of engagement , we will be free to terminate the engagement by immediate notice at any time and to engage additional and/or alternative directors to perform some or all of the functions set out here .
if you deviate substantially and importantly from the conditions laid down in this letter of engagement , we will be free to terminate the engagement by immediate notice at any time and to engage additional and/or alternative directors to perform some or all of the [purposes] set out here .

If you deviate substantially and importantly from the conditions laid down in this letter of engagement , we will be free to terminate the engagement by immediate notice at any time and to engage additional and/or alternative directors to perform some or all of the functions set out here .
if you deviate substantially and importantly from the conditions laid down in this letter of engagement , we will be free to terminate the engagement by immediate notice at any time and to engage additional and/or alternative directors to perform some or all of the [purposes] set out here .

If you deviate substantially and importantly from the conditions laid down in this letter of engagement , we will be free to terminate the engagement by immediate notice at any time and to engage additional and/or alternative directors to perform some or all of the functions set out here .
if you deviate substantially and importantly from the conditions laid down in this letter of engagement , we will be free to terminate the engagement by immediate notice at any time and to engage additional and/or alternative directors to perform some or all of the [purposes] set out here .

While the party ideology does not see capital and labour as permanently antagonistic forces and therefore promotes policies which integrate the demands of both these classes , the trade unions , by virtue of their very functions in industry , can not accept this position without strain .
while the party ideology does not see capital and labour as permanently antagonistic forces and therefore promotes policies which integrate the demands of both these classes , the trade unions , by virtue of their very [purposes] in industry , can not accept this position without strain .

She had assumed that , relegated by protocol to the background at court functions , she was unnoticed by the nobility .
she had assumed that , relegated by protocol to the background at court [purposes] , she was unnoticed by the nobility .

But Richard , who had always delighted in dressing for court functions , seemed unperturbed .
but richard , who had always delighted in dressing for court [purposes] , seemed unperturbed .

As some of these private functions of unions have been taken over by welfare state agencies , unions have taken on other roles — especially representing their members in legal or industrial tribunals in claims over redundancy , discrimination , and negligence .
as some of these private [purposes] of unions have been taken over by welfare state agencies , unions have taken on other roles — especially representing their members in legal or industrial tribunals in claims over redundancy , discrimination , and negligence .

Democratic elitists have not therefore been surprised by the expanding role of central governments in unitary systems and of federal governments in federations , nor by the loss of functions , discretion and financial independence amongst provincial and local governments .
democratic elitists have not therefore been surprised by the expanding role of central governments in unitary systems and of federal governments in federations , nor by the loss of [purposes] , discretion and financial independence amongst provincial and local governments .

The structure of state organizations — the patterns of ministerial functions , agencies , quasi-governmental agencies , and indeed the institutional separation or non-separation of executive , legislature and judiciary — proves the responsiveness of the state machinery to these external elites .
the structure of state organizations — the patterns of ministerial [purposes] , agencies , quasi-governmental agencies , and indeed the institutional separation or non-separation of executive , legislature and judiciary — proves the responsiveness of the state machinery to these external elites .

Some state functions can be seen as ‘ the performance of common activities arising from the nature of all communities ’ ( Marx , 1967 , p. 384 ) , such as enhancing the effectiveness of a mode of production not yet in terminal crisis .
some state [purposes] can be seen as ‘ the performance of common activities arising from the nature of all communities ’ ( marx , 1967 , p. 384 ) , such as enhancing the effectiveness of a mode of production not yet in terminal crisis .

But under capitalism ( or any other class-divided society ) , other state functions are class-biased , serving capital owners ' interests and enhancing their ability to extract surplus value from workers .
but under capitalism ( or any other class-divided society ) , other state [purposes] are class-biased , serving capital owners ' interests and enhancing their ability to extract surplus value from workers .

Other non-manual groupings are classified by the extent to which they carry out functions of the ‘ collective capitalist ’ : controlling other people 's labour , co-ordinating and managing production .
other non-manual groupings are classified by the extent to which they carry out [purposes] of the ‘ collective capitalist ’ : controlling other people 's labour , co-ordinating and managing production .

Groups with few functions of this kind ( such as technicians , scientists , teachers or many professionals ) are distinguished as potential allies of the working class in promoting socialism .
groups with few [purposes] of this kind ( such as technicians , scientists , teachers or many professionals ) are distinguished as potential allies of the working class in promoting socialism .

Current local state functions are a microcosm of the repressive and class-biased strategies which apply at central state level ( Cockburn , 1977 ) .
current local state [purposes] are a microcosm of the repressive and class-biased strategies which apply at central state level ( cockburn , 1977 ) .

First , three functions of the state in the capitalist mode of production are deduced from the functional requirements of the mode of production .
first , three [purposes] of the state in the capitalist mode of production are deduced from the functional requirements of the mode of production .

Second , forms of state expenditure corresponding to each of these functions are identified .
second , forms of state expenditure corresponding to each of these [purposes] are identified .

Third , the direction of state organizations is structured so that accumulation functions are ranked higher than legitimation functions .
third , the direction of state organizations is structured so that accumulation [purposes] are ranked higher than legitimation [purposes] .

The central government or politically uncontrolled quasi-governmental agencies monopolize social investment functions of critical significance for capital .
the central government or politically uncontrolled quasi-governmental agencies monopolize social investment [purposes] of critical significance for capital .

The central government also monopolizes social expenses functions of key significance for social stability , but these are administered in a rigidly bureaucratic way , without any attempt to co-opt external interests .
the central government also monopolizes social expenses [purposes] of key significance for social stability , but these are administered in a rigidly bureaucratic way , without any attempt to co-opt external interests .

Nor is the comparative evidence of the allocation of functions between state organizations in liberal democracies very favourable for the theory ( Sharpe , 1984 ) .
nor is the comparative evidence of the allocation of [purposes] between state organizations in liberal democracies very favourable for the theory ( sharpe , 1984 ) .

In some countries major social consumption functions are controlled by the central government and social investment functions by local governments .
in some countries major social consumption [purposes] are controlled by the central government and social investment [purposes] by local governments .

In structuralist accounts the state is seen as essentially a factor of cohesion in society , which functions to organize the dominant class and to disorganize the subordinate classes through the use of either repressive or ideological apparatuses ( Althusser , 1969 ) .
in structuralist accounts the state is seen as essentially a factor of cohesion in society , which [purposes] to organize the dominant class and to disorganize the subordinate classes through the use of either repressive or ideological apparatuses ( althusser , 1969 ) .

The state as a whole functions as ‘ an ideal collective capitalist ’ ( Altvater , 1973 ) , a political institution which corresponds to the common needs of capital .
the state as a whole [purposes] as ‘ an ideal collective capitalist ’ ( altvater , 1973 ) , a political institution which corresponds to the common needs of capital .

It is only within and in relation to this ‘ structure ’ that institutions have functions to fulfil .
it is only within and in relation to this ‘ structure ’ that institutions have [purposes] to fulfil .

Structure provides the framework in which functions are exercised .
structure provides the framework in which [purposes] are exercised .

Similarly , when the functions of institutions alter radically we may expect to see corresponding structural changes .
similarly , when the [purposes] of institutions alter radically we may expect to see corresponding structural changes .

Just as significantly , however , we are not entitled to infer the origins of social phenomena from their current functions .
just as significantly , however , we are not entitled to infer the origins of social phenomena from their current [purposes] .

Simply to live in the world performing one 's proper biological and mental functions , eating , engaging in physically healthy activities , appreciating the beauties of nature and of art , trying to understand the way things work , developing one 's skills is joyous and an end in itself .
simply to live in the world performing one 's proper biological and mental [purposes] , eating , engaging in physically healthy activities , appreciating the beauties of nature and of art , trying to understand the way things work , developing one 's skills is joyous and an end in itself .

As these units were set up , they would replace the functions of the large hospitals , which would be required only for the care of the old long-stay patients , a cohort admitted before the outdoor mode of treatment was to become common and schizophrenia was thought uncontrollable in the community .
as these units were set up , they would replace the [purposes] of the large hospitals , which would be required only for the care of the old long-stay patients , a cohort admitted before the outdoor mode of treatment was to become common and schizophrenia was thought uncontrollable in the community .

Such corporations tend to usurp the functions of local elected authorities which are simultaneously subjected to greater central control .
such corporations tend to usurp the [purposes] of local elected authorities which are simultaneously subjected to greater central control .

Waterloo , Canada-based , Maple Software Inc has introduced version 2.0 of its Maple symbolic computation package : the software , co-developed with Mathsoft Inc , Cambridge , Massachusetts , features 700 new mathematical functions , animation and graphics , Motif interface and help browser . Maple 2.0 is priced at $800. +1 519 747 2373
waterloo , canada-based , maple software inc has introduced version 2.0 of its maple symbolic computation package : the software , co-developed with mathsoft inc , cambridge , massachusetts , features 700 new mathematical [purposes] , animation and graphics , motif interface and help browser . maple 2.0 is priced at $800. +1 519 747 2373

The five applications include Xalt Desk — a user interface , which can be used to integrate third party applications ; Xalt Calender ; Xalt Notes — which allows users to write and post electronically ; Xalt mail ; and Xalt People Manager — a company directory with phone , fax and scheduler functions .
the five applications include xalt desk — a user interface , which can be used to integrate third party applications ; xalt calender ; xalt notes — which allows users to write and post electronically ; xalt mail ; and xalt people manager — a company directory with phone , fax and scheduler [purposes] .

As Quality Control/Data Scientists you will be responsible for important quality control and audit procedures for the laboratory 's analytical functions , and be involved in the operation and management of laboratory and Regional Data systems .
as quality control/data scientists you will be responsible for important quality control and audit procedures for the laboratory 's analytical [purposes] , and be involved in the operation and management of laboratory and regional data systems .

These varied functions of the educational advisory services for visually handicapped pupils can be summed up as ‘ enabling ’ .
these varied [purposes] of the educational advisory services for visually handicapped pupils can be summed up as ‘ enabling ’ .

The Network , already involving over 300 teachers , researchers , lecturers and others involved in education , has two main functions :
the network , already involving over 300 teachers , researchers , lecturers and others involved in education , has two main [purposes] :

He suggested that one of the functions of ritual is the shedding of ‘ bad ’ feelings , being the final resort in conflict-solving in what he calls ‘ social drama ’ .
he suggested that one of the [purposes] of ritual is the shedding of ‘ bad ’ feelings , being the final resort in conflict-solving in what he calls ‘ social drama ’ .

Given the sensitive functions of the librarium which doubled as the communications centre , naturally entry to that chamber was restricted .
given the sensitive [purposes] of the librarium which doubled as the communications centre , naturally entry to that chamber was restricted .

The structure of the development or construction company will affect the nature of the feasibility study , depending on whether the functions of funding , construction and marketing are all undertaken by one company or are subdivided between several different companies .
the structure of the development or construction company will affect the nature of the feasibility study , depending on whether the [purposes] of funding , construction and marketing are all undertaken by one company or are subdivided between several different companies .

( f ) An analysed breakdown into individual sub-contract functions where sub-contractors are undertaking the bulk of the work .
( f ) an analysed breakdown into individual sub-contract [purposes] where sub-contractors are undertaking the bulk of the work .

The functions of government were nominally divided between the centre and the republics , but all-union ministries , based exclusively in Moscow , produced 57 per cent of industrial output , union-republican ministries based partly in Moscow produced a further 37 per cent , and only 6 per cent of industry was wholly regulated at the republican level .
the [purposes] of government were nominally divided between the centre and the republics , but all-union ministries , based exclusively in moscow , produced 57 per cent of industrial output , union-republican ministries based partly in moscow produced a further 37 per cent , and only 6 per cent of industry was wholly regulated at the republican level .

‘ Cut out middleman 's profits — buy direct from the manufacturer ’ is a phrase often seen in newspaper advertisements , implying that the retailing and wholesaling functions are otiose , or at least inefficient .
‘ cut out middleman 's profits — buy direct from the manufacturer ’ is a phrase often seen in newspaper advertisements , implying that the retailing and wholesaling [purposes] are otiose , or at least inefficient .

Still assuming a deterministic setting , and given sufficient mathematical regularity in the underlying functions , the number of instruments needed might be expected to equal the number of variables to be controlled .
still assuming a deterministic setting , and given sufficient mathematical regularity in the underlying [purposes] , the number of instruments needed might be expected to equal the number of variables to be controlled .

, 1985 sense ) their reaction functions will be upward sloping — see Figure 3 .
, 1985 sense ) their reaction [purposes] will be upward sloping — see figure 3 .

Figure 3 Reaction Functions with Vertical Integration
figure 3 reaction [purposes] with vertical integration

In the tort of negligence , it is frequently necessary to consider the machinery as to proof of negligence — the burden of proof , functions of judge and jury , res ipsa loquitur .
in the tort of negligence , it is frequently necessary to consider the machinery as to proof of negligence — the burden of proof , [purposes] of judge and jury , res ipsa loquitur .

‘ Much of the structure of the Constitution is now mere form ; it is tolerated only because in practice its form is no indication of the way it functions .
‘ much of the structure of the constitution is now mere form ; it is tolerated only because in practice its form is no indication of the way it [purposes] .

The force of the disconnection had certainly lessened the chances of a swift revival of all physical functions .
the force of the disconnection had certainly lessened the chances of a swift revival of all physical [purposes] .

Sheldukher returned the console to navigation functions .
sheldukher returned the console to navigation [purposes] .

The heat had burnt away the coloured insulation so he had no way of telling what functions they governed .
the heat had burnt away the coloured insulation so he had no way of telling what [purposes] they governed .

Some rituals — the majority , indeed — are concerned with bodily functions .
some rituals — the majority , indeed — are concerned with bodily [purposes] .

The use of the passive voice is extremely common in many varieties of written English and can pose various problems in translation , depending on the availability of similar structures , or structures with similar functions , in the target language .
the use of the passive voice is extremely common in many varieties of written english and can pose various problems in translation , depending on the availability of similar structures , or structures with similar [purposes] , in the target language .

The same is true of Russian and French , where reflexive structures are relied on much more heavily to fulfil similar functions .
the same is true of russian and french , where reflexive structures are relied on much more heavily to fulfil similar [purposes] .

And one of the most important functions of information dynamics is precisely to link a sentence to its environment in a manner which allows the information to flow through the text in the desired manner .
and one of the most important [purposes] of information dynamics is precisely to link a sentence to its environment in a manner which allows the information to flow through the text in the desired manner .

It has two functions : ( a ) it acts as a point of orientation by connecting back to previous stretches of discourse and thereby maintaining a coherent point of view and , ( b ) it acts as a point of departure by connecting forward and contributing to the development of later stretches .
it has two [purposes] : ( a ) it acts as a point of orientation by connecting back to previous stretches of discourse and thereby maintaining a coherent point of view and , ( b ) it acts as a point of departure by connecting forward and contributing to the development of later stretches .

Japanese has two suffixes , -wa and -ga , the functions of which are explained in different ways by different linguists but which are said to mark , among other things , topic and non-topic respectively .
japanese has two suffixes , -wa and -ga , the [purposes] of which are explained in different ways by different linguists but which are said to mark , among other things , topic and non-topic respectively .

For example , one of the most important functions of cleft and pseudo-cleft structures in English ( discussed under predicated and identifying theme , section 5.1.1.3 ) is to signal information status .
for example , one of the most important [purposes] of cleft and pseudo-cleft structures in english ( discussed under predicated and identifying theme , section 5.1.1.3 ) is to signal information status .

Failure to appreciate the functions of specific syntactic structures in signalling given and new information can result in unnecessary shifts in translation .
failure to appreciate the [purposes] of specific syntactic structures in signalling given and new information can result in unnecessary shifts in translation .

Word-order patterns fulfil a number of functions in all languages : syntactically , they indicate the roles of subject , object , etc ; semantically , they indicate roles such as actor , patient , beneficiary ; communicatively , they indicate the flow of information ( however we may wish to represent this : in terms of theme/rheme , given/new or communicative dynamism ) .
word-order patterns fulfil a number of [purposes] in all languages : syntactically , they indicate the roles of subject , object , etc ; semantically , they indicate roles such as actor , patient , beneficiary ; communicatively , they indicate the flow of information ( however we may wish to represent this : in terms of theme/rheme , given/new or communicative dynamism ) .

Several linguists have suggested that different languages give different priorities to each of these functions , depending on how fixed their system of word-order is .
several linguists have suggested that different languages give different priorities to each of these [purposes] , depending on how fixed their system of word-order is .

The relations between dopamine and motor functions were analyzed .
the relations between dopamine and motor [purposes] were analyzed .

An analysis is carried out of the relations between dopamine and motor functions .
an analysis is carried out of the relations between dopamine and motor [purposes] .

This concerns the analysis , presentation and interpretation of the resulting numbers , issues which pertain to the descriptive and inferential functions of statistics .
this concerns the analysis , presentation and interpretation of the resulting numbers , issues which pertain to the descriptive and inferential [purposes] of statistics .

Rather more elaborately , Sandra Harris ( 1984 ) collected courtroom data , using obvious situational constraints on discourse to enable to her to examine the form and functions of questions ( cf .
rather more elaborately , sandra harris ( 1984 ) collected courtroom data , using obvious situational constraints on discourse to enable to her to examine the form and [purposes] of questions ( cf .

Because syntax is embedded in discourse , entirely different forms might have similar functions ( i.e .
because syntax is embedded in discourse , entirely different forms might have similar [purposes] ( i.e .

Lavandera 's response to these difficulties is to propose an initial examination by the analyst of discourse function rather than of surface grammatical form , followed by consideration of the functions which are served by the form — the subjunctive in this case .
lavandera 's response to these difficulties is to propose an initial examination by the analyst of discourse function rather than of surface grammatical form , followed by consideration of the [purposes] which are served by the form — the subjunctive in this case .

An extended analysis of the functions of on with respect to all these alternating categories is an essential preliminary to the main ( quantitative ) analysis of syntactic variation .
an extended analysis of the [purposes] of on with respect to all these alternating categories is an essential preliminary to the main ( quantitative ) analysis of syntactic variation .

The authors observe that analysis of this variable leads to a very broad consideration of the place of the constructions in discourse , of a large number of other constructions serving similar discourse functions and of speaker strategies similar to those considered by Lavandera .
the authors observe that analysis of this variable leads to a very broad consideration of the place of the constructions in discourse , of a large number of other constructions serving similar discourse [purposes] and of speaker strategies similar to those considered by lavandera .

The particle ia , which functions as a relativizer , bracketing off relative from main clause , as in 55 , is shown to have developed from an earlier deictic function , as in 56 :
the particle ia , which [purposes] as a relativizer , bracketing off relative from main clause , as in 55 , is shown to have developed from an earlier deictic function , as in 56 :

Although much recent work ( Maos , 1983 , 47 ) confirms that ‘ the efficiency of services is higher in concentrated settlement patterns and can be further improved by the transfer of service functions from lower to higher ranking centres ’ , some recent work has called for less emphasis to be placed on the economic evaluation of service provision .
although much recent work ( maos , 1983 , 47 ) confirms that ‘ the efficiency of services is higher in concentrated settlement patterns and can be further improved by the transfer of service [purposes] from lower to higher ranking centres ’ , some recent work has called for less emphasis to be placed on the economic evaluation of service provision .

Some of these cost reduction and efficiency considerations have prompted changes in maritime and customs documentation practices , including the trimming of the traditional functions of the ocean bill .
some of these cost reduction and efficiency considerations have prompted changes in maritime and customs documentation practices , including the trimming of the traditional [purposes] of the ocean bill .

As indicated earlier , the United States straight bill of lading is , although not negotiable , a transferable document , and as such functions as a document of title .
as indicated earlier , the united states straight bill of lading is , although not negotiable , a transferable document , and as such [purposes] as a document of title .

Yet , these gains in certainty have been made at the expense of the title and negotiability functions , functions that will continue to be needed for the foreseeable future .
yet , these gains in certainty have been made at the expense of the title and negotiability [purposes] , [purposes] that will continue to be needed for the foreseeable future .

Those who were brought up on the older theories of the Westminster model in which , despite party loyalties , there was a balance between the executive and the legislature as a whole , expect that the House of Commons will still regard its main functions as being to consider and amend legislative proposals from the government ( and from private members ) , to scrutinize public expenditure and to expose government policies to continual questioning and debate .
those who were brought up on the older theories of the westminster model in which , despite party loyalties , there was a balance between the executive and the legislature as a whole , expect that the house of commons will still regard its main [purposes] as being to consider and amend legislative proposals from the government ( and from private members ) , to scrutinize public expenditure and to expose government policies to continual questioning and debate .

In practice , there are shadows of the first two functions remaining and the third has been incorporated into the power struggle aspect of the Commons .
in practice , there are shadows of the first two [purposes] remaining and the third has been incorporated into the power struggle aspect of the commons .

In 1964 and 1966 a number of Labour backbenchers who believed in the older , more historical functions of the House were elected .
in 1964 and 1966 a number of labour backbenchers who believed in the older , more historical [purposes] of the house were elected .

During the Victorian period , in order to exercise these functions of controlling , scrutinizing , appointing and removing the executive , the procedure of the House was adapted to suit these tasks .
during the victorian period , in order to exercise these [purposes] of controlling , scrutinizing , appointing and removing the executive , the procedure of the house was adapted to suit these tasks .

Turning from the functions of legislating and authorizing both expenditure and taxation to the other traditional function of pressing the government , the procedures involved have also undergone change but there has been a greater effort made to keep this weapon sharpened and up to the armour it has to pierce .
turning from the [purposes] of legislating and authorizing both expenditure and taxation to the other traditional function of pressing the government , the procedures involved have also undergone change but there has been a greater effort made to keep this weapon sharpened and up to the armour it has to pierce .

In 1967 there was an all-party conference on the future of the Lords , the objectives being to retain these useful minor functions while ending the hereditary basis of membership , the built-in Conservative majority and the delaying powers of the Lords .
in 1967 there was an all-party conference on the future of the lords , the objectives being to retain these useful minor [purposes] while ending the hereditary basis of membership , the built-in conservative majority and the delaying powers of the lords .

They perform minor but useful functions : how far can these be absorbed into an already overcrowded schedule in the Commons ?
they perform minor but useful [purposes] : how far can these be absorbed into an already overcrowded schedule in the commons ?

Being highly centralized , the British system has not been to have powerful centres outside London from which groups of services can be conducted for that area , but to administer each of the important functions of government from Whitehall for the whole of the country .
being highly centralized , the british system has not been to have powerful centres outside london from which groups of services can be conducted for that area , but to administer each of the important [purposes] of government from whitehall for the whole of the country .

England is administered by centrally-based functional departments , while such functions as the supervision of employment and productivity , the work of the Departments of the Environment and of Health and Social Security also extend over Scotland and Wales .
england is administered by centrally-based functional departments , while such [purposes] as the supervision of employment and productivity , the work of the departments of the environment and of health and social security also extend over scotland and wales .

More generally , efforts were made to reduce staff by limiting state functions or by privatization , i.e .
more generally , efforts were made to reduce staff by limiting state [purposes] or by privatization , i.e .

Numerous ad hoc bodies have been created to run specific functions such as broadcasting and television , the ports , industrial training schemes and the administration of government property .
numerous ad hoc bodies have been created to run specific [purposes] such as broadcasting and television , the ports , industrial training schemes and the administration of government property .

They have been a very popular means of dealing with a wide variety of functions which ministers want to encourage , to finance and to guide , but which would not fit easily into the structure of a government department .
they have been a very popular means of dealing with a wide variety of [purposes] which ministers want to encourage , to finance and to guide , but which would not fit easily into the structure of a government department .

Yet they still operate a substantial if ill-defined fringe of functions provided by the state .
yet they still operate a substantial if ill-defined fringe of [purposes] provided by the state .

One was the withdrawal of such functions as running hospitals , manufacturing gas and electricity and the distribution of national assistance ( now known as supplementary benefits ) from local government .
one was the withdrawal of such [purposes] as running hospitals , manufacturing gas and electricity and the distribution of national assistance ( now known as supplementary benefits ) from local government .

In the case of some functions Whitehall has the power to take over the duties of a local authority if it fails to carry out its statutory obligations .
in the case of some [purposes] whitehall has the power to take over the duties of a local authority if it fails to carry out its statutory obligations .

With limited exceptions , it proposed that all functions of local government be undertaken by a single authority in each area .
with limited exceptions , it proposed that all [purposes] of local government be undertaken by a single authority in each area .

There is a concern not merely to restrict local spending but also to reduce , where possible , the functions of local authorities .
there is a concern not merely to restrict local spending but also to reduce , where possible , the [purposes] of local authorities .

The functions of local authorities , and indeed the legislation on which they are based , all imply support for the principles of the welfare state and the preservation of the environment .
the [purposes] of local authorities , and indeed the legislation on which they are based , all imply support for the principles of the welfare state and the preservation of the environment .

The Scottish Office , often known from the name of its Edinburgh offices as St Andrew 's House , deals with local government services , including education , housing , social services and roads , economic development , agriculture and fisheries , health and Home Office functions including police and probation .
the scottish office , often known from the name of its edinburgh offices as st andrew 's house , deals with local government services , including education , housing , social services and roads , economic development , agriculture and fisheries , health and home office [purposes] including police and probation .

The Scottish Office does not cover functions which are felt to require uniform standards throughout the country , e.g .
the scottish office does not cover [purposes] which are felt to require uniform standards throughout the country , e.g .

This was the Commission on the Constitution asked to look at ‘ the present functions of the central legislature and government in relation to the several countries , nations and regions of the United kingdom ’ .
this was the commission on the constitution asked to look at ‘ the present [purposes] of the central legislature and government in relation to the several countries , nations and regions of the united kingdom ’ .

Functions of the Scottish Development Agency were to be split ; those relating to the environment were devolved , but not those relating to industrial investment because Whitehall was determined to keep command over questions of economic management .
[purposes] of the scottish development agency were to be split ; those relating to the environment were devolved , but not those relating to industrial investment because whitehall was determined to keep command over questions of economic management .

Finally , there is no enthusiasm at all in local government circles for elected regional assemblies because it is feared that the regions would ultimately take over existing local government functions .
finally , there is no enthusiasm at all in local government circles for elected regional assemblies because it is feared that the regions would ultimately take over existing local government [purposes] .

It is not a very fruitful exercise to indulge in a long debate as to which of these two functions is the more important .
it is not a very fruitful exercise to indulge in a long debate as to which of these two [purposes] is the more important .

The report acknowledged that education performs many functions and the facilitation of economic growth was only one of these functions .
the report acknowledged that education performs many [purposes] and the facilitation of economic growth was only one of these [purposes] .

Education performs political , social , as well as economic functions and it is thus too important to be made the slave to the needs of the economy even though it has no option but to be its servant .
education performs political , social , as well as economic [purposes] and it is thus too important to be made the slave to the needs of the economy even though it has no option but to be its servant .

The danger in this new drive that is a feature of many advanced industrial societies lies not only in raising unrealistic expectations from these areas of study but also in denigrating the contribution of the social sciences to economic growth and in neglecting the non-economic functions of education which are just as important to the well-being of individuals and of society at large .
the danger in this new drive that is a feature of many advanced industrial societies lies not only in raising unrealistic expectations from these areas of study but also in denigrating the contribution of the social sciences to economic growth and in neglecting the non-economic [purposes] of education which are just as important to the well-being of individuals and of society at large .

The tax system of any country has to perform several functions which are not always compatible .
the tax system of any country has to perform several [purposes] which are not always compatible .

Inevitably there are conflicts between these various functions : a highly progressive tax system may well undermine work effort among the small minority of large wealth-owners ; a strong anti-inflation policy may well mean high levels of taxation which can have effects — positive and negative — on work incentives ; and so on .
inevitably there are conflicts between these various [purposes] : a highly progressive tax system may well undermine work effort among the small minority of large wealth-owners ; a strong anti-inflation policy may well mean high levels of taxation which can have effects — positive and negative — on work incentives ; and so on .

The Act of 1971 , empowered the Secretary of State to ‘ give guidance ’ to the Authority with respect to their statutory functions .
the act of 1971 , empowered the secretary of state to ‘ give guidance ’ to the authority with respect to their statutory [purposes] .

The tension between these two contradictory functions has provided the space within which new signs and new attitudes can break through ; it also , depending on which function is in the ascendant , explains pop culture 's vacillation to date between empty reaction and charged visions of possible futures .
the tension between these two contradictory [purposes] has provided the space within which new signs and new attitudes can break through ; it also , depending on which function is in the ascendant , explains pop culture 's vacillation to date between empty reaction and charged visions of possible futures .

Dan Air offered 22 per cent of capacity in 1985 but is not organizationally linked to any single tour operator and functions as a totally separate company .
dan air offered 22 per cent of capacity in 1985 but is not organizationally linked to any single tour operator and [purposes] as a totally separate company .

Even so , the 1981 Census still performs useful functions in showing how these recent trends relate to the pre-existing socio-economic gulf between inner and outer areas and in highlighting the strong association between different types of deprivation .
even so , the 1981 census still performs useful [purposes] in showing how these recent trends relate to the pre-existing socio-economic gulf between inner and outer areas and in highlighting the strong association between different types of deprivation .

Much of the earlier American work , highly developed empirically and in its immediate working concepts , was undertaken within a relatively uncritical assumption of a market society , where general ‘ socializing ’ and ‘ commercial ’ functions could be supposed to interact or conflict .
much of the earlier american work , highly developed empirically and in its immediate working concepts , was undertaken within a relatively uncritical assumption of a market society , where general ‘ socializing ’ and ‘ commercial ’ [purposes] could be supposed to interact or conflict .

Ironically , the same concept and designation were evident in work of a different kind , where comparable observational and analytic techniques were employed but in the context of a radical critique of the institutions and their functions in capitalist society ( a specification of particular kinds of ‘ socialization ’ and ‘ communication ’ within a particular social and economic order ) .
ironically , the same concept and designation were evident in work of a different kind , where comparable observational and analytic techniques were employed but in the context of a radical critique of the institutions and their [purposes] in capitalist society ( a specification of particular kinds of ‘ socialization ’ and ‘ communication ’ within a particular social and economic order ) .

What this evidence suggests is a particular stage in the specialization of functions which , at still earlier stages , would — as in many comparable cases — not have been clearly distinguished .
what this evidence suggests is a particular stage in the specialization of [purposes] which , at still earlier stages , would — as in many comparable cases — not have been clearly distinguished .

The functions which can later be distinguished as those of ‘ priest ’ , ‘ prophet ’ or ‘ bard ’ — and in more modern terms ‘ historian ’ or even ‘ scientist ’ — were often originally exercised by the same individuals or groups of individuals .
the [purposes] which can later be distinguished as those of ‘ priest ’ , ‘ prophet ’ or ‘ bard ’ — and in more modern terms ‘ historian ’ or even ‘ scientist ’ — were often originally exercised by the same individuals or groups of individuals .

The distinction of these functions was in part a result of their internal development , as each function required more skill and time .
the distinction of these [purposes] was in part a result of their internal development , as each function required more skill and time .

After the very earliest period of relative non-differentiation of functions , in which the ‘ literary ’ or ‘ artistic ’ had not or not fully separated out from the more generally ‘ cultural ’ , there had been this phase of specifically instituted artists , which should not really be described in terms taken from later phases , such as ‘ official recognition ’ or ‘ patronage ’ .
after the very earliest period of relative non-differentiation of [purposes] , in which the ‘ literary ’ or ‘ artistic ’ had not or not fully separated out from the more generally ‘ cultural ’ , there had been this phase of specifically instituted artists , which should not really be described in terms taken from later phases , such as ‘ official recognition ’ or ‘ patronage ’ .

The patron of the fourth kind , though continuing some of the earlier functions , worked more fully within a world in which the production of works of art for sale was normal .
the patron of the fourth kind , though continuing some of the earlier [purposes] , worked more fully within a world in which the production of works of art for sale was normal .

But there was still a residue of the functions of social reputation and recommendation .
but there was still a residue of the [purposes] of social reputation and recommendation .

In an increasingly mercantile society , the craft guild served a variety of functions , social , religious and economic .
in an increasingly mercantile society , the craft guild served a variety of [purposes] , social , religious and economic .

As a result of these two tendencies , the academy , historically , had a range of functions and was often internally diverse .
as a result of these two tendencies , the academy , historically , had a range of [purposes] and was often internally diverse .

Fifth , that the internal social conditions of a metropolis , combining at once the metropolitan concentration of wealth and the internal pluralism of its metropolitan-immigrant functions , create especially favourable supportive conditions for dissident groups .
fifth , that the internal social conditions of a metropolis , combining at once the metropolitan concentration of wealth and the internal pluralism of its metropolitan-immigrant [purposes] , create especially favourable supportive conditions for dissident groups .

The basic complexity is one of asymmetry , which in these conditions shows itself as a deepseated contradiction between the reproduction of market relations ( both directly , within the market , and indirectly , within state and educational functions ) and the consequences of such reproduction in certain sensitive and perhaps crucial areas of public morality , respect for authority and actual crime .
the basic complexity is one of asymmetry , which in these conditions shows itself as a deepseated contradiction between the reproduction of market relations ( both directly , within the market , and indirectly , within state and educational [purposes] ) and the consequences of such reproduction in certain sensitive and perhaps crucial areas of public morality , respect for authority and actual crime .

It had performed similar functions to those described above , although there had been no formal constitution .
it had performed similar [purposes] to those described above , although there had been no formal constitution .

Of particular significance is the siting of company head offices , research and development facilities , and various other executive functions .
of particular significance is the siting of company head offices , research and development facilities , and various other executive [purposes] .

This favourable treatment is explained and justified on the basis that the corporators are required to perform public functions in addition to serving their own private interests .
this favourable treatment is explained and justified on the basis that the corporators are required to perform public [purposes] in addition to serving their own private interests .

In the past , the company 's status as a body responsible for the performance of public functions , and the idea that public benefit was a prerequisite of incorporation , were also evident .
in the past , the company 's status as a body responsible for the performance of public [purposes] , and the idea that public benefit was a prerequisite of incorporation , were also evident .

The Companies Act provides that companies must have directors but does not define their functions .
the companies act provides that companies must have directors but does not define their [purposes] .

As to the functions retained by the board itself there is no consistent practice .
as to the [purposes] retained by the board itself there is no consistent practice .

Section 309 ( 1 ) of the Companies Act 1985 provides that ‘ [ t ] he matters to which the directors of the company are to have regard in the performance of their functions include the interests of the company 's employees in general , as well as the interests of its members ’ .
section 309 ( 1 ) of the companies act 1985 provides that ‘ [ t ] he matters to which the directors of the company are to have regard in the performance of their [purposes] include the interests of the company 's employees in general , as well as the interests of its members ’ .

This section examines the current law relating to the duty of directors to devote adequate attention to the company 's affairs and to carry out their functions competently .
this section examines the current law relating to the duty of directors to devote adequate attention to the company 's affairs and to carry out their [purposes] competently .

Executive directors have a contractual relationship with the company which imposes on them , either expressly or by implication , an obligation to devote such attention to the business as is necessary properly to carry out their functions .
executive directors have a contractual relationship with the company which imposes on them , either expressly or by implication , an obligation to devote such attention to the business as is necessary properly to carry out their [purposes] .

Instead , directors have been treated as being in a position similar to that of trustees or agents , that is , as being persons appointed to perform a diverse range of functions that do not of themselves demand the possession of specific technical skills .
instead , directors have been treated as being in a position similar to that of trustees or agents , that is , as being persons appointed to perform a diverse range of [purposes] that do not of themselves demand the possession of specific technical skills .

With this in mind , a legislative change is desirable to make clear that directors , both executive and non-executive , owe a duty of care and skill with a standard linked to the functions they perform within the company .
with this in mind , a legislative change is desirable to make clear that directors , both executive and non-executive , owe a duty of care and skill with a standard linked to the [purposes] they perform within the company .

performing the monitoring function ) are considerable , given the low visibility of the management decision-making process and the wide range of functions that a director may be called upon to perform .
performing the monitoring function ) are considerable , given the low visibility of the management decision-making process and the wide range of [purposes] that a director may be called upon to perform .

Before leaving the subject of self-indexing , it is worth mentioning perfect hash functions .
before leaving the subject of self-indexing , it is worth mentioning perfect hash [purposes] .

Explain the functions of a randomizing algorithm . How do synonyms arise ? Can they be avoided in a randomized file ?
explain the [purposes] of a randomizing algorithm . how do synonyms arise ? can they be avoided in a randomized file ?

Both of these functions can be carried out quickly and efficiently in main storage , and it is important to use the manufacturers ' software and allocate space to allow this to happen .
both of these [purposes] can be carried out quickly and efficiently in main storage , and it is important to use the manufacturers ' software and allocate space to allow this to happen .

Yet , a number of democratic constitutions today contain more than a mere organisation chart of functions and powers ; they contain Bills of Rights , which may also include a charter of social and economic rights , something characteristic of constitutions of the twentieth century , although generally honoured more in the breach than in the observance .
yet , a number of democratic constitutions today contain more than a mere organisation chart of [purposes] and powers ; they contain bills of rights , which may also include a charter of social and economic rights , something characteristic of constitutions of the twentieth century , although generally honoured more in the breach than in the observance .

Thus , in addition to the basic meaning of ‘ constitution ’ — a document containing , at the very least , a code of rules setting out the allocation of functions , powers and duties among the various agencies and officers of government — there is a wider meaning of constitution , according to which every democratic state has a constitution .
thus , in addition to the basic meaning of ‘ constitution ’ — a document containing , at the very least , a code of rules setting out the allocation of [purposes] , powers and duties among the various agencies and officers of government — there is a wider meaning of constitution , according to which every democratic state has a constitution .

Thus two broad sanctioning functions can be identified in voting .
thus two broad sanctioning [purposes] can be identified in voting .

Finally , the House of Lords provides a forum removed from party ties and considerations , where the experienced and distinguished perform functions of assistance , advice , continuity and , when needed , a measure of restraint on the popularly-elected transient majority in the House of Commons .
finally , the house of lords provides a forum removed from party ties and considerations , where the experienced and distinguished perform [purposes] of assistance , advice , continuity and , when needed , a measure of restraint on the popularly-elected transient majority in the house of commons .

At the outset it must be recognised that there are three institutions of government , each with specific functions .
at the outset it must be recognised that there are three institutions of government , each with specific [purposes] .

Now , in no constitutional state is it true that the legislative and executive functions are in precisely the same hands , for … the executive must always be a smaller body than the legislature .
now , in no constitutional state is it true that the legislative and executive [purposes] are in precisely the same hands , for … the executive must always be a smaller body than the legislature .

The government is made up of members of the legislature ; ministers may have both legislative and adjudicatory functions ; while Parliament may dismiss a government through a vote of no confidence , government , to a large extent , controls the legislative work of Parliament .
the government is made up of members of the legislature ; ministers may have both legislative and adjudicatory [purposes] ; while parliament may dismiss a government through a vote of no confidence , government , to a large extent , controls the legislative work of parliament .

But the constitution 's separation of powers , or more accurately functions , must be observed if judicial independence is not to be put at risk .
but the constitution 's separation of powers , or more accurately [purposes] , must be observed if judicial independence is not to be put at risk .

If separation of powers as expressed by Montesquieu does not exist , is there nevertheless sufficient separation of functions and a sufficient incidence of checks and balances to guarantee the maintenance of liberty ?
if separation of powers as expressed by montesquieu does not exist , is there nevertheless sufficient separation of [purposes] and a sufficient incidence of checks and balances to guarantee the maintenance of liberty ?

The court has no concern with the manner in which Parliament or its officers carrying out its Standing Orders perform these functions .
the court has no concern with the manner in which parliament or its officers carrying out its standing orders perform these [purposes] .

Any attempt to prove that they were misled by fraud or otherwise would necessarily involve an inquiry into the manner in which they had performed their functions in dealing with the Bill which became the British Railways Act 1968 .
any attempt to prove that they were misled by fraud or otherwise would necessarily involve an inquiry into the manner in which they had performed their [purposes] in dealing with the bill which became the british railways act 1968 .

Nevertheless , this is one of its important functions .
nevertheless , this is one of its important [purposes] .

Wolpe 1977 ) have argued merely that higher education functions to train middle-class students to take up positions of status and responsibility in society , such as civil servants , managers , teachers and doctors .
wolpe 1977 ) have argued merely that higher education [purposes] to train middle-class students to take up positions of status and responsibility in society , such as civil servants , managers , teachers and doctors .

The first of these concerns the functions of the curriculum , any curriculum .
the first of these concerns the [purposes] of the curriculum , any curriculum .

And one must not forget that many of these functions can become dysfunctions , and assume a negative or pathological form : faulty selection , awkward induction , rigid structure , poor teaching , inadequate materials , invalid assessment , and so on .
and one must not forget that many of these [purposes] can become dysfunctions , and assume a negative or pathological form : faulty selection , awkward induction , rigid structure , poor teaching , inadequate materials , invalid assessment , and so on .

But the headings indicate the kinds of functions that a course can and should perform , if it is to justify its existence as an improvement on independent study .
but the headings indicate the kinds of [purposes] that a course can and should perform , if it is to justify its existence as an improvement on independent study .

These functions are not carried out in a vacuum ; they are affected by certain key contingencies or variables .
these [purposes] are not carried out in a vacuum ; they are affected by certain key contingencies or variables .

There is not room here to discuss these various components , functions and contingencies in any detail , but the model presented in Figure 1.1 should at least suggest some of the ways in which the concept of the curriculum goes beyond mere ‘ syllabus ’ or ‘ content ’ .
there is not room here to discuss these various components , [purposes] and contingencies in any detail , but the model presented in figure 1.1 should at least suggest some of the ways in which the concept of the curriculum goes beyond mere ‘ syllabus ’ or ‘ content ’ .

Heyman ( 1981 ) has stressed the importance of seeing the curriculum not only as a set of structures and functions , but phenomenologically , in terms of the kind of experience that its various participants together create .
heyman ( 1981 ) has stressed the importance of seeing the curriculum not only as a set of structures and [purposes] , but phenomenologically , in terms of the kind of experience that its various participants together create .

It is there in Plato 's writing on education , in the association of certain types of curricula with certain groups of people , and in the notion that education may have certain social functions or effects .
it is there in plato 's writing on education , in the association of certain types of curricula with certain groups of people , and in the notion that education may have certain social [purposes] or effects .

In terms of the social system , for example , one might look at first degree courses in terms of social selection and access — one of the functions identified in Figure 1.1 .
in terms of the social system , for example , one might look at first degree courses in terms of social selection and access — one of the [purposes] identified in figure 1.1 .

’ The importance of age-group measures is declining as higher education admits more mature students and becomes less age-specific , but nevertheless the proportion of young people enrolling is some index of the possible social functions and perceptions of first degrees .
’ the importance of age-group measures is declining as higher education admits more mature students and becomes less age-specific , but nevertheless the proportion of young people enrolling is some index of the possible social [purposes] and perceptions of first degrees .

If we do not do this , we shall not find out very much about the social functions of variation in the community or about the sources and motivations of change , and our results will therefore be superficial .
if we do not do this , we shall not find out very much about the social [purposes] of variation in the community or about the sources and motivations of change , and our results will therefore be superficial .

In addition to this external divergence , however , communities like Belfast also exhibit massive internal linguistic divergence , and we must attempt to find out what are the internal social functions of this divergence .
in addition to this external divergence , however , communities like belfast also exhibit massive internal linguistic divergence , and we must attempt to find out what are the internal social [purposes] of this divergence .

There are many different ways in which speakers may exploit , in varying social functions , the resources of variation that are available to them , and we do not necessarily know beforehand what these are , how they interact , or what the limitations on possible variants may be .
there are many different ways in which speakers may exploit , in varying social [purposes] , the resources of variation that are available to them , and we do not necessarily know beforehand what these are , how they interact , or what the limitations on possible variants may be .

Therefore , if we are to find out what linguistic variation means to in-group members and how it functions in the community , much more prior observation and analysis is needed than would be required for better described varieties .
therefore , if we are to find out what linguistic variation means to in-group members and how it [purposes] in the community , much more prior observation and analysis is needed than would be required for better described varieties .

But the speakers that you are observing ‘ know ’ how to use the resources of variation available to them , and they use them for many purposes , including the marking of varying social roles and functions .
but the speakers that you are observing ‘ know ’ how to use the resources of variation available to them , and they use them for many purposes , including the marking of varying social roles and [purposes] .

Thus , the incidence of particular variants differs according to these roles and functions .
thus , the incidence of particular variants differs according to these roles and [purposes] .

Furthermore , the idea of network impinges fairly closely on the notion of sociolinguistic functions , as we have presented this in chapter 2 , because it is a fundamental postulate of network analysis that individuals create personal communities that provide them with a meaningful framework for solving the problems of their day-to-day existence ( Mitchell 1986 : 74 ) .
furthermore , the idea of network impinges fairly closely on the notion of sociolinguistic [purposes] , as we have presented this in chapter 2 , because it is a fundamental postulate of network analysis that individuals create personal communities that provide them with a meaningful framework for solving the problems of their day-to-day existence ( mitchell 1986 : 74 ) .

Stable differentiation is the normal state of affairs , and the existence of this variation is one of the things that makes linguistic change possible , in that the different variants can be latched on to by different groups and for different social functions : thus , the patterns of consensus can change in the course of time .
stable differentiation is the normal state of affairs , and the existence of this variation is one of the things that makes linguistic change possible , in that the different variants can be latched on to by different groups and for different social [purposes] : thus , the patterns of consensus can change in the course of time .

In a relatively focused community such as Ballymacarrett , therefore , we observe much greater regularity in the patterning of the variable elements than we do in less focused communities , and we may further suggest that the variants used in such a focused community develop a clear and consistent pattern in their social functions .
in a relatively focused community such as ballymacarrett , therefore , we observe much greater regularity in the patterning of the variable elements than we do in less focused communities , and we may further suggest that the variants used in such a focused community develop a clear and consistent pattern in their social [purposes] .

The less focused the community is , the less clear will be the relationship of specific linguistic variants to their various social functions .
the less focused the community is , the less clear will be the relationship of specific linguistic variants to their various social [purposes] .

More generally , as linguistic stability consists in agreement on patterns of variation and on the social functions of the variants , linguistic change will appear as changes in agreement : as older patterns of agreement recede , so new patterns of agreement will emerge , and in the interim stage there may be some apparent randomness ( or lack of agreement , or conflicting patterns ) in the distribution of variants .
more generally , as linguistic stability consists in agreement on patterns of variation and on the social [purposes] of the variants , linguistic change will appear as changes in agreement : as older patterns of agreement recede , so new patterns of agreement will emerge , and in the interim stage there may be some apparent randomness ( or lack of agreement , or conflicting patterns ) in the distribution of variants .

As we have seen , linguistic variables may be markers of certain fine-grained social functions within the community , which can be broadly considered to be identity functions , and which may appear as age , sex or areal differences , for example .
as we have seen , linguistic variables may be markers of certain fine-grained social [purposes] within the community , which can be broadly considered to be identity [purposes] , and which may appear as age , sex or areal differences , for example .

However , it may happen that particular variables selected for analysis turn out to be especially markers of one of these functions rather than another : one variable may be chiefly a close-tie network marker and another a marker of gender-differentiation .
however , it may happen that particular variables selected for analysis turn out to be especially markers of one of these [purposes] rather than another : one variable may be chiefly a close-tie network marker and another a marker of gender-differentiation .

In other words , whatever the linguistic origin of the phenomenon may be — in phonotactic constraints ( Lutz , 1985 ) , in rapid speech processes , in language contact , or in a combination of these — variation in ( h ) has probably had social and stylistic functions in the language for centuries .
in other words , whatever the linguistic origin of the phenomenon may be — in phonotactic constraints ( lutz , 1985 ) , in rapid speech processes , in language contact , or in a combination of these — variation in ( h ) has probably had social and stylistic [purposes] in the language for centuries .

With many fewer people , ideas that had been considered impossible , such as combinations of major functions , were now implemented successfully .
with many fewer people , ideas that had been considered impossible , such as combinations of major [purposes] , were now implemented successfully .

Before 1980 , managerial expertise was concentrated in technical areas , the operation of complex chemical and manufacturing processes ; operational management regarded finance and marketing as secondary to their primary functions .
before 1980 , managerial expertise was concentrated in technical areas , the operation of complex chemical and manufacturing processes ; operational management regarded finance and marketing as secondary to their primary [purposes] .

The ultimate aim was to replace a highly differentiated workforce by single-status , multi-disciplinary process craftsmen responsible for all appropriate ancillary , maintenance and quality inspection functions .
the ultimate aim was to replace a highly differentiated workforce by single-status , multi-disciplinary process craftsmen responsible for all appropriate ancillary , maintenance and quality inspection [purposes] .

In pharmaceuticals , in telecommunications , in papermaking , the traditional sequence of research , development , manufacturing , and marketing , is being replaced by syn-chrony : specialists from all these functions work together as a team , from the inception of research to a product 's establishment in the market .
in pharmaceuticals , in telecommunications , in papermaking , the traditional sequence of research , development , manufacturing , and marketing , is being replaced by syn-chrony : specialists from all these [purposes] work together as a team , from the inception of research to a product 's establishment in the market .

interdependencies between functions ;
interdependencies between [purposes] ;

There was a maximal specialization of jobs and functions and an extensive differentiation of segmental roles .
there was a maximal specialization of jobs and [purposes] and an extensive differentiation of segmental roles .

Existing centre-periphery relations ‘ broke up as mature corporations began to decentralize units of standardized manual production to dispersed localities also within the advanced nations , while concentrating managerial and financial functions within large metropolitan areas , ( Albertsen 1988 : 347 ) .
existing centre-periphery relations ‘ broke up as mature corporations began to decentralize units of standardized manual production to dispersed localities also within the advanced nations , while concentrating managerial and financial [purposes] within large metropolitan areas , ( albertsen 1988 : 347 ) .

Articulating mission , goals , strategies and main functions ;
articulating mission , goals , strategies and main [purposes] ;

Missions , goals , strategies and main functions
missions , goals , strategies and main [purposes]

One consequence of having well focused missions , goals , strategies and main functions , it is suggested , is that there is usually a core technology to the organization which is well understood .
one consequence of having well focused missions , goals , strategies and main [purposes] , it is suggested , is that there is usually a core technology to the organization which is well understood .

De-differentiation of what elsewhere are more likely to be imperatively co-ordinated functions will lead to a lessening of the degree of specialization of functions subordinated to the missions and goals of an organization .
de-differentiation of what elsewhere are more likely to be imperatively co-ordinated [purposes] will lead to a lessening of the degree of specialization of [purposes] subordinated to the missions and goals of an organization .

At the centre of de-differentiated specialization of functions and the growth of organizational rather than occupational commitments are technical aspects of production .
at the centre of de-differentiated specialization of [purposes] and the growth of organizational rather than occupational commitments are technical aspects of production .

Mechanisms of co-ordination and control of the different functions and alignments of the organization depend , in part , on the strategies of power pursued .
mechanisms of co-ordination and control of the different [purposes] and alignments of the organization depend , in part , on the strategies of power pursued .

Secondly , some of the typical patterns that emerge , those which tend to be more specialized in mission , goals , strategies and functions and to be more oriented towards market relations to handle their functional alignments , for instance , will tend to be a part of a broader economic system in which the isolation of the focal organization makes only limited analytical sense .
secondly , some of the typical patterns that emerge , those which tend to be more specialized in mission , goals , strategies and [purposes] and to be more oriented towards market relations to handle their functional alignments , for instance , will tend to be a part of a broader economic system in which the isolation of the focal organization makes only limited analytical sense .

The dominant response may at present be a favourable one , but this is only maintained so long as it implicitly accepted that functions are being successfully and rationally fulfilled .
the dominant response may at present be a favourable one , but this is only maintained so long as it implicitly accepted that [purposes] are being successfully and rationally fulfilled .

We shall consider the respective roles of Parliament and the courts , and in particular we shall examine the jurisdiction and functions of those courts and tribunals with which the caterer is likely to come into contact in the exercise of his or her profession .
we shall consider the respective roles of parliament and the courts , and in particular we shall examine the jurisdiction and [purposes] of those courts and tribunals with which the caterer is likely to come into contact in the exercise of his or her profession .

This defines a director with reference to the functions which he or she performs .
this defines a director with reference to the [purposes] which he or she performs .

the liquidator and his or her functions ;
the liquidator and his or her [purposes] ;

In the latter case , an exact equivalent to grammar in linguistics is unlikely to be found , since , as noted earlier , objects gain their effect from their comparative lack of abstraction and the various bridging functions they can thereby perform .
in the latter case , an exact equivalent to grammar in linguistics is unlikely to be found , since , as noted earlier , objects gain their effect from their comparative lack of abstraction and the various bridging [purposes] they can thereby perform .

Thus , as we saw earlier , much economic activity in other regions of the country is subordinated to functions performed in London .
thus , as we saw earlier , much economic activity in other regions of the country is subordinated to [purposes] performed in london .

One way this can be conceptualized is in terms of the different roles , or sets of functions , which the economic activities of a region play in the wider national , and international , economy .
one way this can be conceptualized is in terms of the different roles , or sets of [purposes] , which the economic activities of a region play in the wider national , and international , economy .

There is thus a broad spatial division of labour within which control functions are concentrated in London , scientific and technical functions concentrated in the south and east , and production , while it occurs throughout the country , is a higher proportion of economic activity in the regions of the north and west .
there is thus a broad spatial division of labour within which control [purposes] are concentrated in london , scientific and technical [purposes] concentrated in the south and east , and production , while it occurs throughout the country , is a higher proportion of economic activity in the regions of the north and west .

Service functions are a less familiar aspect of service activity .
service [purposes] are a less familiar aspect of service activity .

In this model there are two distinct functions carried out by the Treasury : economic policy , planning and advice ; and financial management control .
in this model there are two distinct [purposes] carried out by the treasury : economic policy , planning and advice ; and financial management control .

Budgeting as an instrument of economic policy has more varied functions .
budgeting as an instrument of economic policy has more varied [purposes] .

All of these functions are composite in the budgetary process , which can be described as a two-stage process .
all of these [purposes] are composite in the budgetary process , which can be described as a two-stage process .

Other Support Functions
other support [purposes]

The review of government functions and organizations which has been carried out … is intended to lay the necessary foundations .
the review of government [purposes] and organizations which has been carried out … is intended to lay the necessary foundations .

This generally , occurs because it has been decided to reduce the provisions sought in an estimate , or because it is necessary to take account of the consequences of transferring the functions of one department to another .
this generally , occurs because it has been decided to reduce the provisions sought in an estimate , or because it is necessary to take account of the consequences of transferring the [purposes] of one department to another .

The report went on to recommend that ‘ to the greatest extent practicable ’ the executive functions of government , as distinct from policy advice , should be carried out by ‘ units clearly designated within departments ’ — agencies .
the report went on to recommend that ‘ to the greatest extent practicable ’ the executive [purposes] of government , as distinct from policy advice , should be carried out by ‘ units clearly designated within departments ’ — agencies .

The facilitator functions as an advocate of the originator , their guide through the corporate labyrinth , and as their bridge to management .
the facilitator [purposes] as an advocate of the originator , their guide through the corporate labyrinth , and as their bridge to management .

In the process of tincupping , two vital organizational functions take place that guard against failures .
in the process of tincupping , two vital organizational [purposes] take place that guard against failures .

In all but the largest projects , the functions are performed by having most of the staff members located in their functional departments reporting to their functional managers .
in all but the largest projects , the [purposes] are performed by having most of the staff members located in their functional departments reporting to their functional managers .

Leeds ( 1984 ) , for example , argues that whereas all nucleated settlements ( or places in the present context ) have the same functions — ‘ facilitation of all forms of exchange , transfer , and communications while linking the nucleation or locality both with other localities and with society at large ( p. 295 ) — there is also a threefold specialization between places .
leeds ( 1984 ) , for example , argues that whereas all nucleated settlements ( or places in the present context ) have the same [purposes] — ‘ facilitation of all forms of exchange , transfer , and communications while linking the nucleation or locality both with other localities and with society at large ( p. 295 ) — there is also a threefold specialization between places .

First , places tend to take on specialized functions , in addition to the universal ones , thereby creating a spatial division of labour , at a variety of scales .
first , places tend to take on specialized [purposes] , in addition to the universal ones , thereby creating a spatial division of labour , at a variety of scales .

And , of course , the state is linked directly to the sphere of production , for which it performs necessary functions , being also an arena within which the class-struggles are fought out .
and , of course , the state is linked directly to the sphere of production , for which it performs necessary [purposes] , being also an arena within which the class-struggles are fought out .

It combined the functions of a union office with that of a warehouse … .
it combined the [purposes] of a union office with that of a warehouse … .

For instance , the reason that to pull someone 's left leg and to kick the large bucket have no normal idiomatic interpretation is that leg and bucket carry no meaning in the idiom , so there is nothing for left and large to carry out their normal modifying functions on ( in general , a modifier needs a semantic constituent to modify ) .
for instance , the reason that to pull someone 's left leg and to kick the large bucket have no normal idiomatic interpretation is that leg and bucket carry no meaning in the idiom , so there is nothing for left and large to carry out their normal modifying [purposes] on ( in general , a modifier needs a semantic constituent to modify ) .

The reason is that they have different functions , which impose different constraints on their nature .
the reason is that they have different [purposes] , which impose different constraints on their nature .

The player allows search and retrieval functions to be selected by ikons or illustrations .
the player allows search and retrieval [purposes] to be selected by ikons or illustrations .

It is vital that schools should always remember that preparation for working life is one of their principal functions .
it is vital that schools should always remember that preparation for working life is one of their principal [purposes] .

But the titles , size of teams and functions of inspectors vary among the local authorities .
but the titles , size of teams and [purposes] of inspectors vary among the local authorities .

It was , as Mantoux says , in every respect a modern factory , with automatic tools , continuous and unlimited production , and specialised functions for the operatives .
it was , as mantoux says , in every respect a modern factory , with automatic tools , continuous and unlimited production , and specialised [purposes] for the operatives .

The implication of all this is that such places had perhaps been important as estates or administrative centres as well as having marketing functions long before late Saxon times and thus could be developed into true towns fairly easily .
the implication of all this is that such places had perhaps been important as estates or administrative centres as well as having marketing [purposes] long before late saxon times and thus could be developed into true towns fairly easily .

For this is above all a discourse which ties a congenital link between origins and destinies , and which draws on images of birth and blood , the functions of the body and sexual reproduction , kinship and filiation , to do so .
for this is above all a discourse which ties a congenital link between origins and destinies , and which draws on images of birth and blood , the [purposes] of the body and sexual reproduction , kinship and filiation , to do so .

In 1826 and 1827 it seems to have retained some trade union functions , including support for litigation on behalf of its members .
in 1826 and 1827 it seems to have retained some trade union [purposes] , including support for litigation on behalf of its members .

By 1830 , however , membership had more than halved and it was thought prudent to change the rules to limit its functions more closely to those of a conventional benefit society , thereby earning the support of some local shipowners and a personage no less elevated than His Grace the Duke of Northumberland .
by 1830 , however , membership had more than halved and it was thought prudent to change the rules to limit its [purposes] more closely to those of a conventional benefit society , thereby earning the support of some local shipowners and a personage no less elevated than his grace the duke of northumberland .

This resulted in a set description of the functions ( as illustrated in Figure 2.6 ) which described the attributes as : The attributes both describe the properties of the solid spaces whilst the remaining two describe the associations of the intersecting spaces .
this resulted in a set description of the [purposes] ( as illustrated in figure 2.6 ) which described the attributes as : the attributes both describe the properties of the solid spaces whilst the remaining two describe the associations of the intersecting spaces .

For example , the gear-shift level must exist within the gearbox/passenger compartment intersection , which itself must contain the discrete sub-spaces of movement envelopes which are associated with functions of the gearbox .
for example , the gear-shift level must exist within the gearbox/passenger compartment intersection , which itself must contain the discrete sub-spaces of movement envelopes which are associated with [purposes] of the gearbox .

The functions described within that intersection may ultimately be of any form necessary for the specification of the product being designed .
the [purposes] described within that intersection may ultimately be of any form necessary for the specification of the product being designed .

It is knowledge of these required functions that allows the designer to turn that space into a performing component .
it is knowledge of these required [purposes] that allows the designer to turn that space into a performing component .

The function of the assembly can thus be identified at two distinct levels : its internal ( or elemental ) functions and its external ( or global ) functions .
the function of the assembly can thus be identified at two distinct levels : its internal ( or elemental ) [purposes] and its external ( or global ) [purposes] .

In the assembly example shown in Figure 3.4 , sub-assembly 2 must provide a series of internal functions by the interrelationship of its assembly of piece parts whist itself improving a globally specified assembly function with sub-assembly 1 .
in the assembly example shown in figure 3.4 , sub-assembly 2 must provide a series of internal [purposes] by the interrelationship of its assembly of piece parts whist itself improving a globally specified assembly function with sub-assembly 1 .

So whilst the intersections of logical spaces at an elemental level will allow the elemental functions to be maintained , these must be reflected back to the next higher level in the system to establish whether the required function of that assembly space has been achieved or corrupted .
so whilst the intersections of logical spaces at an elemental level will allow the elemental [purposes] to be maintained , these must be reflected back to the next higher level in the system to establish whether the required function of that assembly space has been achieved or corrupted .

The elemental functions of intersection are thus reflected up as internal functions of space at the next level , with the result that the required characteristics of the system are specified in more and more detail as the assembly is decomposed into its constituent elements ( see Figure 3.5 ) .
the elemental [purposes] of intersection are thus reflected up as internal [purposes] of space at the next level , with the result that the required characteristics of the system are specified in more and more detail as the assembly is decomposed into its constituent elements ( see figure 3.5 ) .

Whilst the geometric values may not be absolute or unchangeable , the concepts and functions they represent provide boundary conditions on the acceptable ranges .
whilst the geometric values may not be absolute or unchangeable , the concepts and [purposes] they represent provide boundary conditions on the acceptable ranges .

Whilst all can be accessed via the keyboard , it is planned to provide each member with an individual menu containing all the functions necessary to carry out a prescribed set of activities .
whilst all can be accessed via the keyboard , it is planned to provide each member with an individual menu containing all the [purposes] necessary to carry out a prescribed set of activities .

The menu will also contain functions providing the activities and constraints necessary to comply with the company 's codes of practice or `` house style `` .
the menu will also contain [purposes] providing the activities and constraints necessary to comply with the company 's codes of practice or `` house style `` .

Mechanical Functions of Performance
mechanical [purposes] of performance

Conversely , the graphical functions can be re-drawn to modify the data file and hence create the necessary movement of the part within the model space ( see Figure 7.6 ) .
conversely , the graphical [purposes] can be re-drawn to modify the data file and hence create the necessary movement of the part within the model space ( see figure 7.6 ) .

Here the proposed mechanism is fully analysed and all kinematic functions are obtained graphically , including displacements rotations and all their derivatives .
here the proposed mechanism is fully analysed and all kinematic [purposes] are obtained graphically , including displacements rotations and all their derivatives .

These functions may be displayed to allow the designer to inspect the kinematic performance .
these [purposes] may be displayed to allow the designer to inspect the kinematic performance .

Alternatively , limits may be set to particular functions and alarms triggered whenever these are exceeded .
alternatively , limits may be set to particular [purposes] and alarms triggered whenever these are exceeded .

The kinematic programs allow these functions to be combined , modified , and factorized , to provide the designer with any design parameter desired .
the kinematic programs allow these [purposes] to be combined , modified , and factorized , to provide the designer with any design parameter desired .

At each time frame the program will indicate all those functions which have failed to pass through the `` design window `` set for that part of the cycle .
at each time frame the program will indicate all those [purposes] which have failed to pass through the `` design window `` set for that part of the cycle .

Any set of functions can be overplotted on to the reference set , or an error function may be generated and plotted directly .
any set of [purposes] can be overplotted on to the reference set , or an error function may be generated and plotted directly .

The complete mechanism design can thus be developed with greater confidence — not only are all the performance functions available but the mechanism can be `` run `` ( by cycling layers ) so as to observe it throughout its complete operating cycle .
the complete mechanism design can thus be developed with greater confidence — not only are all the performance [purposes] available but the mechanism can be `` run `` ( by cycling layers ) so as to observe it throughout its complete operating cycle .

During the mechanism definition stage all functions are drawn graphically against a horizontal axis of frame numbers .
during the mechanism definition stage all [purposes] are drawn graphically against a horizontal axis of frame numbers .

Analysis on a turnkey system was performed by first establishing the two functions describing the rotation of the left-hand arm and the jack .
analysis on a turnkey system was performed by first establishing the two [purposes] describing the rotation of the left-hand arm and the jack .

Second , the known state of the left-hand arm was used to provide the two translational functions describing the motion of the left-hand end of the coupler rod .
second , the known state of the left-hand arm was used to provide the two translational [purposes] describing the motion of the left-hand end of the coupler rod .

They may not all be required in every report you write , but you must be familiar with their functions .
they may not all be required in every report you write , but you must be familiar with their [purposes] .

It is anticipated that , as regards the current emergency , personnel will face up to the issues involved and exercise appropriately the functions allocated to their respective age groups .
it is anticipated that , as regards the current emergency , personnel will face up to the issues involved and exercise appropriately the [purposes] allocated to their respective age groups .

These fish have developed their electric sensors to perform a wide range of functions .
these fish have developed their electric sensors to perform a wide range of [purposes] .

The smell and taste receptors of insects may be mingled , with some performing both functions .
the smell and taste receptors of insects may be mingled , with some performing both [purposes] .

In hibernating animals , the body temperature falls much further , to just above freezing , while heartbeat and all the other bodily functions slow down to a barely perceptible pace .
in hibernating animals , the body temperature falls much further , to just above freezing , while heartbeat and all the other bodily [purposes] slow down to a barely perceptible pace .

It raises the possibility that their master clock can continue to keep track of the passage of time even when all bodily functions are drastically reduced .
it raises the possibility that their master clock can continue to keep track of the passage of time even when all bodily [purposes] are drastically reduced .

Each animal breathes about once every 3.9 heartbeats , and other bodily functions are similarly linked to the rate of the heart .
each animal breathes about once every 3.9 heartbeats , and other bodily [purposes] are similarly linked to the rate of the heart .

If you are fond of mathematical games there are plenty of functions to experiment with .
if you are fond of mathematical games there are plenty of [purposes] to experiment with .

The foregoing three examples provided further illustrations of the usefulness of complex functions for solving electrostatic problems ( for further information on these mappings see , for example , Simonyi ( 1963 ) ) .
the foregoing three examples provided further illustrations of the usefulness of complex [purposes] for solving electrostatic problems ( for further information on these mappings see , for example , simonyi ( 1963 ) ) .

The remaining integration is nonetheless difficult , and not expressible in terms of simple functions .
the remaining integration is nonetheless difficult , and not expressible in terms of simple [purposes] .

Mathematicians , wisely foreseeing such difficulties , worked out the theory of a number of special functions and tabulated them as well .
mathematicians , wisely foreseeing such difficulties , worked out the theory of a number of special [purposes] and tabulated them as well .

Gates and Bradshaw ( 1977b ) have reviewed the literature concerning music and the cerebral hemispheres and caution against regarding one particular hemisphere as dominant for musical functions .
gates and bradshaw ( 1977b ) have reviewed the literature concerning music and the cerebral hemispheres and caution against regarding one particular hemisphere as dominant for musical [purposes] .

Much of the motivation in dichotic listening research lies in identifying the hemisphere responsible for speech or other functions .
much of the motivation in dichotic listening research lies in identifying the hemisphere responsible for speech or other [purposes] .

The fact that the sensory and motor functions of each hand are represented predominantly in the contralateral cerebral cortex means that information available to one hand alone is processed largely in the opposite hemisphere .
the fact that the sensory and motor [purposes] of each hand are represented predominantly in the contralateral cerebral cortex means that information available to one hand alone is processed largely in the opposite hemisphere .

If it is true that verbal questions primarily engage the left hemisphere while spatial questions tap the functions of the right hemisphere , it might be predicted that responses to such questions will be optimal when the appropriate hemisphere is activated rather than if the opposite hemisphere is aroused .
if it is true that verbal questions primarily engage the left hemisphere while spatial questions tap the [purposes] of the right hemisphere , it might be predicted that responses to such questions will be optimal when the appropriate hemisphere is activated rather than if the opposite hemisphere is aroused .

The first observation that the left half of the brain is intimately concerned with the functions of speech is usually attributed to Broca ( 1861 ) although an unpublished manuscript noting a correspondence between defects of language and lesions of the left hemisphere was written by Dax in 1836 .
the first observation that the left half of the brain is intimately concerned with the [purposes] of speech is usually attributed to broca ( 1861 ) although an unpublished manuscript noting a correspondence between defects of language and lesions of the left hemisphere was written by dax in 1836 .

More recently , however , Hécaen , De Agostini and Monzon-Montes ( 1981 ) have confirmed that as far as most language functions are concerned , cerebral bilaterality is associated with familial sinistrality rather than strength of hand preference , Nonetheless , some language functions , such as naming of objects , appear to depend upon the left hemisphere in both familial and non-familial sinistrals .
more recently , however , hécaen , de agostini and monzon-montes ( 1981 ) have confirmed that as far as most language [purposes] are concerned , cerebral bilaterality is associated with familial sinistrality rather than strength of hand preference , nonetheless , some language [purposes] , such as naming of objects , appear to depend upon the left hemisphere in both familial and non-familial sinistrals .

It has the effect of temporarily depressing the functions of the cortex , initially of the hemisphere on the side of the injection and subsequently of the opposite hemisphere .
it has the effect of temporarily depressing the [purposes] of the cortex , initially of the hemisphere on the side of the injection and subsequently of the opposite hemisphere .

The shock is usually administered either to both sides of the head or to the side considered on a priori grounds to be non-dominant with regard to language functions .
the shock is usually administered either to both sides of the head or to the side considered on a priori grounds to be non-dominant with regard to language [purposes] .

It is , for example , becoming clear that a family history of left handedness is in some way related to the cerebral organisation of functions .
it is , for example , becoming clear that a family history of left handedness is in some way related to the cerebral organisation of [purposes] .

Since bilateral speech need not imply that speech functions are distributed equally between the hemispheres this does not necessarily conflict with the finding that the proportion of subjects showing a left ear advantage was highest among the strongly left handed .
since bilateral speech need not imply that speech [purposes] are distributed equally between the hemispheres this does not necessarily conflict with the finding that the proportion of subjects showing a left ear advantage was highest among the strongly left handed .

If this is seen as suggesting reduced left hemisphere language representation in those with sinistral relatives it would be consonant with the findings from brain damaged right handers indicating greater bilaterality of verbal functions ( Hécaen et al. , 1981 ) and increased recovery from aphasia ( Luria , 1966 ; 1970 ; Hécaen and Sauguet , 1971 ) in association with familial sinistrality .
if this is seen as suggesting reduced left hemisphere language representation in those with sinistral relatives it would be consonant with the findings from brain damaged right handers indicating greater bilaterality of verbal [purposes] ( hécaen et al. , 1981 ) and increased recovery from aphasia ( luria , 1966 ; 1970 ; hécaen and sauguet , 1971 ) in association with familial sinistrality .

Thus in contrast to bilateralisation of language functions in this group spatial performance is more distinctly lateralised .
thus in contrast to bilateralisation of language [purposes] in this group spatial performance is more distinctly lateralised .

On balance then , familial sinistrality seems to be associated with bilateral representation of non-verbal as well as verbal functions .
on balance then , familial sinistrality seems to be associated with bilateral representation of non-verbal as well as verbal [purposes] .

It was claimed that among subjects with a normal ( non-inverted ) writing posture , language and spatial functions were lateralised to the contralateral and ipsilateral hemispheres respectively .
it was claimed that among subjects with a normal ( non-inverted ) writing posture , language and spatial [purposes] were lateralised to the contralateral and ipsilateral hemispheres respectively .

Since inversion of the writing hand has been hypothesised to correlate with reduced lateralisation of brain functions it would be expected that there is a relation between inversion and familial sinistrality which also appears to relate , albeit inconsistently , to reduced perceptual asymmetries .
since inversion of the writing hand has been hypothesised to correlate with reduced lateralisation of brain [purposes] it would be expected that there is a relation between inversion and familial sinistrality which also appears to relate , albeit inconsistently , to reduced perceptual asymmetries .

Indeed , at one time it was believed that requiring a natural left hander to use his right hand for writing would induce speech defects , such as stuttering , as a result of coopting the left hemisphere into language functions in competition with the right hemisphere ( Travis , 1931 ) .
indeed , at one time it was believed that requiring a natural left hander to use his right hand for writing would induce speech defects , such as stuttering , as a result of coopting the left hemisphere into language [purposes] in competition with the right hemisphere ( travis , 1931 ) .

Despite the undoubted pre-eminence of the left hemisphere for language in the majority of right handers , it is possible that the right half of the brain can participate in certain language functions as indicated by the split-brain studies reviewed in Chapter 3 .
despite the undoubted pre-eminence of the left hemisphere for language in the majority of right handers , it is possible that the right half of the brain can participate in certain language [purposes] as indicated by the split-brain studies reviewed in chapter 3 .

This suggests at least some role for the right hemisphere in certain language functions .
this suggests at least some role for the right hemisphere in certain language [purposes] .

" The effect of right cerebral lesions on language functions
" the effect of right cerebral lesions on language [purposes]

Whatever its normal role in language functions , there is evidence that in some cases , though not all perhaps , the right hemisphere participates in the recovery of language following aphasia .
whatever its normal role in language [purposes] , there is evidence that in some cases , though not all perhaps , the right hemisphere participates in the recovery of language following aphasia .

No deficiency developed , which is just as well because zinc has important functions influencing sex hormone and sperm production , resistance to infection and appetite .
no deficiency developed , which is just as well because zinc has important [purposes] influencing sex hormone and sperm production , resistance to infection and appetite .

The main role of protein , however , is to perform the functions of each individual cell .
the main role of protein , however , is to perform the [purposes] of each individual cell .

Vitamins and minerals often work together in this respect , and some are necessary for normal energy production , the use of protein in growth and tissue repair , and in many other functions , ranging from hormone production to effects on skin quality .
vitamins and minerals often work together in this respect , and some are necessary for normal energy production , the use of protein in growth and tissue repair , and in many other [purposes] , ranging from hormone production to effects on skin quality .

There are several trace minerals and these serve very special functions .
there are several trace minerals and these serve very special [purposes] .

The trace minerals , like some vitamins , have very particular functions .
the trace minerals , like some vitamins , have very particular [purposes] .

The first four cassettes of Video English contain sets of short sequences showing language functions in use in a range of situations .
the first four cassettes of video english contain sets of short sequences showing language [purposes] in use in a range of situations .

The link through language is the most obvious and most straightforward one to make if your syllabus is based on linguistic items such as language structures or functions .
the link through language is the most obvious and most straightforward one to make if your syllabus is based on linguistic items such as language structures or [purposes] .

In non-ELT materials you can look for situations which are likely to feature highly predictable language : scenes set in restaurants or shops , at parties , the reception desk or the dining table can sometimes be picked out of a longer programme and used in isolation to give an example of particular language functions in operation .
in non-elt materials you can look for situations which are likely to feature highly predictable language : scenes set in restaurants or shops , at parties , the reception desk or the dining table can sometimes be picked out of a longer programme and used in isolation to give an example of particular language [purposes] in operation .

Do we need to teach the visual elements of communication ? There is no question that visual features are very much part of face-to-face communication . Now that we have video in the classroom the opportunity to focus on the visual is clearly there , so should we attempt to include it in a systematic way ? Should we make sure that we work through a list of gestures , for example , in the same way that we cover a set of basic language functions in the beginners ' syllabus ?
do we need to teach the visual elements of communication ? there is no question that visual features are very much part of face-to-face communication . now that we have video in the classroom the opportunity to focus on the visual is clearly there , so should we attempt to include it in a systematic way ? should we make sure that we work through a list of gestures , for example , in the same way that we cover a set of basic language [purposes] in the beginners ' syllabus ?

You will have your own way of dealing with these reactions but one of the teacher 's functions in a group playback session is to be aware of individual reactions of this kind and to steer discussion away from subjective comment if necessary .
you will have your own way of dealing with these reactions but one of the teacher 's [purposes] in a group playback session is to be aware of individual reactions of this kind and to steer discussion away from subjective comment if necessary .

Eventually she had become resigned to a dull , passionless existence ; her husband had masked his indifference to her real feelings with elaborate public courtesies , and her only role outside of motherhood had been to act as a decorative hostess at his political functions .
eventually she had become resigned to a dull , passionless existence ; her husband had masked his indifference to her real feelings with elaborate public courtesies , and her only role outside of motherhood had been to act as a decorative hostess at his political [purposes] .

Then there were officers with particular functions , one whose job it was to be at the scene of the crime before the body was touched or moved .
then there were officers with particular [purposes] , one whose job it was to be at the scene of the crime before the body was touched or moved .

of all conscious functions .
of all conscious [purposes] .

Apart from the military and administrative functions of the town , which included offices for collecting taxes from native and Russian alike , there was the beginning of a perish structure established by Orthodox clergy who had accompanied or soon followed the first government forces .
apart from the military and administrative [purposes] of the town , which included offices for collecting taxes from native and russian alike , there was the beginning of a perish structure established by orthodox clergy who had accompanied or soon followed the first government forces .

The true aquatic plant is not simply for decoration but functions as a partner to the fish .
the true aquatic plant is not simply for decoration but [purposes] as a partner to the fish .

The filter has two functions , the main one being to polish and biologically filter the water .
the filter has two [purposes] , the main one being to polish and biologically filter the water .

The suit had to be practical , which in practice meant seven different suits for different functions ( some worn mainly by stuntmen ) and two more for his damaged appearance at the end .
the suit had to be practical , which in practice meant seven different suits for different [purposes] ( some worn mainly by stuntmen ) and two more for his damaged appearance at the end .

By setting his move in the Thirties , and by turning that ambiguously seductive decade into what might be called a laide époque , Visconti discovered a necessary , hitherto unremarked fact about movie nostalgia : that it functions best when directly linked either to the history of the cinema ( as in The Damned , Helmut Berger 's Dietrich impersonation ) or history in the cinema ( newsreel footage , for example ) .
by setting his move in the thirties , and by turning that ambiguously seductive decade into what might be called a laide époque , visconti discovered a necessary , hitherto unremarked fact about movie nostalgia : that it [purposes] best when directly linked either to the history of the cinema ( as in the damned , helmut berger 's dietrich impersonation ) or history in the cinema ( newsreel footage , for example ) .

Having established the existence of a social structure , functionalist analysis turns to a consideration of how that structure functions .
having established the existence of a social structure , functionalist analysis turns to a consideration of how that structure [purposes] .

From this examination , the functions of institutions are discovered .
from this examination , the [purposes] of institutions are discovered .

In determining the functions of various parts of the social structure , functionalists are guided by the following ideas .
in determining the [purposes] of various parts of the social structure , functionalists are guided by the following ideas .

The major functions of social institutions are those which help to meet the functional prerequisites of society .
the major [purposes] of social institutions are those which help to meet the functional prerequisites of society .

In practice , functionalists appear preoccupied with discovering the positive functions , the beneficial effects of social institutions .
in practice , functionalists appear preoccupied with discovering the positive [purposes] , the beneficial effects of social institutions .

Tumin concludes that stratification , by its very nature , can never adequately perform the functions which Davis and Moore assign to it .
tumin concludes that stratification , by its very nature , can never adequately perform the [purposes] which davis and moore assign to it .

Finally , Tumin questions the view that social stratification functions to integrate the social system .
finally , tumin questions the view that social stratification [purposes] to integrate the social system .

Tumin concludes that in their enthusiastic search for the positive functions of stratification , the functionalists have tended to ignore or play down its many dysfunctions .
tumin concludes that in their enthusiastic search for the positive [purposes] of stratification , the functionalists have tended to ignore or play down its many dysfunctions .

Similarly , Martin Oppenheimer claims that many professionals employed in the public sector find that their jobs are ‘ related to the oppressive functions of government — keeping welfare clients quiet , policing , regulating ’ .
similarly , martin oppenheimer claims that many professionals employed in the public sector find that their jobs are ‘ related to the oppressive [purposes] of government — keeping welfare clients quiet , policing , regulating ’ .

Origins and functions
origins and [purposes]

Although the Ehrenreichs define the professional-managerial class in terms of the functions it performs for capitalism , they also advance empirical evidence to show that it is a distinct grouping within the stratification system .
although the ehrenreichs define the professional-managerial class in terms of the [purposes] it performs for capitalism , they also advance empirical evidence to show that it is a distinct grouping within the stratification system .

They deny that classes can be defined in terms of their functions for capitalism and instead stress the importance of the market situation of those in particular occupations .
they deny that classes can be defined in terms of their [purposes] for capitalism and instead stress the importance of the market situation of those in particular occupations .

They see routine non-manual workers as little different to manual workers : they neither own the means of production nor do they perform important social control functions for capitalists .
they see routine non-manual workers as little different to manual workers : they neither own the means of production nor do they perform important social control [purposes] for capitalists .

‘ ( 1 ) Every local education authority shall make arrangements for enabling the parent of a child in the area of the authority to express a preference as to the school at which he wishes education to be provided for his child in the exercise of the authority 's functions and to give reasons for his preference .
‘ ( 1 ) every local education authority shall make arrangements for enabling the parent of a child in the area of the authority to express a preference as to the school at which he wishes education to be provided for his child in the exercise of the authority 's [purposes] and to give reasons for his preference .

According to Kuhn , normal science and revolutions serve necessary functions , so that science must either involve those characteristics or some others that would serve to perform the same functions .
according to kuhn , normal science and revolutions serve necessary [purposes] , so that science must either involve those characteristics or some others that would serve to perform the same [purposes] .

Let us see what those functions are , according to Kuhn .
let us see what those [purposes] are , according to kuhn .

During Kimon 's absence , the democratization of the Athenian constitution was taken a stage further : the Areopagus , the upper council in the Athenian state , composed of ex-archons , was deprived of its political and legal functions , other than those which concerned a few cases of homicide .
during kimon 's absence , the democratization of the athenian constitution was taken a stage further : the areopagus , the upper council in the athenian state , composed of ex-archons , was deprived of its political and legal [purposes] , other than those which concerned a few cases of homicide .

By contrast , the Athenian demagogues , the ‘ leaders of the people ’ , had definite and valuable , though not constitutionally recognized , functions within the Athenian state .
by contrast , the athenian demagogues , the ‘ leaders of the people ’ , had definite and valuable , though not constitutionally recognized , [purposes] within the athenian state .

This move towards efficiency and specialization affected most departments of state ; thus five of the ten generals have distinct functions by about 350 : general in charge of overseas hoplite expeditions , general appointed for the defence of Attica , general for the Piraeus and so on .
this move towards efficiency and specialization affected most departments of state ; thus five of the ten generals have distinct [purposes] by about 350 : general in charge of overseas hoplite expeditions , general appointed for the defence of attica , general for the piraeus and so on .

The increased scale of enterprises , combined with improvements in management methods and telecommunications , has also contributed to spatial separation of functions within the firm ( Goddard 1975 , 1978 ) .
the increased scale of enterprises , combined with improvements in management methods and telecommunications , has also contributed to spatial separation of [purposes] within the firm ( goddard 1975 , 1978 ) .

Different functions require different conditions of production and therefore may have different locational requirements .
different [purposes] require different conditions of production and therefore may have different locational requirements .

Only public administration and defence have become less concentrated , the result of growth in local authority functions and government policy to disperse the civil service .
only public administration and defence have become less concentrated , the result of growth in local authority [purposes] and government policy to disperse the civil service .

As a result , there has been a demographic and social differentiation of rural areas that reflects their economic and social functions .
as a result , there has been a demographic and social differentiation of rural areas that reflects their economic and social [purposes] .

Therefore , both the extent and the functions of green belts may be expected to change in the near future , and this change may also have social implications .
therefore , both the extent and the [purposes] of green belts may be expected to change in the near future , and this change may also have social implications .

The defendants applied to strike out the statement of claim of the local authority on a preliminary issue on the grounds that the authority could not maintain an action in libel for words which reflected on it in relation to its governmental and administrative functions and that the statement of claim disclosed no cause of action .
the defendants applied to strike out the statement of claim of the local authority on a preliminary issue on the grounds that the authority could not maintain an action in libel for words which reflected on it in relation to its governmental and administrative [purposes] and that the statement of claim disclosed no cause of action .

By their statement of claim the council claimed , inter alia , ( i ) that the council was the county council for Derbyshire and pursuant to statute was responsible for a wide range of governmental and administrative functions in Derbyshire , and in particular the investment and control of the superannuation fund ; ( ii ) that in those issues of ‘ The Sunday Times ’ the third and fourth defendants falsely and maliciously wrote and the first and second defendants falsely and maliciously printed and published , or caused to be written , printed or published of and concerning the council and of and concerning the council in the way of its discharge of its responsibility for the investment and control of the superannuation fund ; ( iii ) by reason of the words published in the articles the council had been injured in its credit and reputation and had been brought into public scandal , odium and contempt , and had suffered loss and damage .
by their statement of claim the council claimed , inter alia , ( i ) that the council was the county council for derbyshire and pursuant to statute was responsible for a wide range of governmental and administrative [purposes] in derbyshire , and in particular the investment and control of the superannuation fund ; ( ii ) that in those issues of ‘ the sunday times ’ the third and fourth defendants falsely and maliciously wrote and the first and second defendants falsely and maliciously printed and published , or caused to be written , printed or published of and concerning the council and of and concerning the council in the way of its discharge of its responsibility for the investment and control of the superannuation fund ; ( iii ) by reason of the words published in the articles the council had been injured in its credit and reputation and had been brought into public scandal , odium and contempt , and had suffered loss and damage .

By order of Master Miller dated 2 November 1990 the following point of law was ordered to be tried as a preliminary point before the trial of the action , namely whether the council could maintain an action for libel for any words which reflected upon the council as the county council for Derbyshire in relation to its governmental and administrative functions in Derbyshire , including its statutory responsibility for the investment and control of the superannuation fund , and whether , if not , the statement of claim disclosed a cause of action .
by order of master miller dated 2 november 1990 the following point of law was ordered to be tried as a preliminary point before the trial of the action , namely whether the council could maintain an action for libel for any words which reflected upon the council as the county council for derbyshire in relation to its governmental and administrative [purposes] in derbyshire , including its statutory responsibility for the investment and control of the superannuation fund , and whether , if not , the statement of claim disclosed a cause of action .

‘ whether the plaintiff … can maintain an action for libel for any words which reflects [ sic ] upon the said plaintiff as the county council for Derbyshire in relation to its governmental and administrative functions in Derbyshire , including its statutory responsibility for the investment and control of the superannuation fund …
‘ whether the plaintiff … can maintain an action for libel for any words which reflects [ sic ] upon the said plaintiff as the county council for derbyshire in relation to its governmental and administrative [purposes] in derbyshire , including its statutory responsibility for the investment and control of the superannuation fund …

Nerve cells , or neurons , come in all sorts of shapes and sizes and perform a great variety of functions .
nerve cells , or neurons , come in all sorts of shapes and sizes and perform a great variety of [purposes] .

Braitenberg 's scheme is obviously a great over-simplification which neglects the special connections that exist between regions with related functions , but it may nonetheless point to the overall pattern through which the neocortex carries on its extensive conversations with itself .
braitenberg 's scheme is obviously a great over-simplification which neglects the special connections that exist between regions with related [purposes] , but it may nonetheless point to the overall pattern through which the neocortex carries on its extensive conversations with itself .

After this build-up of the neocortex as the organ endowing us with superior mental functions , it is time to see what messages are actually passed along its nerve fibres .
after this build-up of the neocortex as the organ endowing us with superior mental [purposes] , it is time to see what messages are actually passed along its nerve fibres .

Most people feel there must be other principles at work to explain high level functions , and the plasticity of neurons is an obvious place to look .
most people feel there must be other principles at work to explain high level [purposes] , and the plasticity of neurons is an obvious place to look .

But this mode of autonomy is dependent on this kind of society , for which music takes on specific private , ‘ spiritual ’ , leisure functions .
but this mode of autonomy is dependent on this kind of society , for which music takes on specific private , ‘ spiritual ’ , leisure [purposes] .

Since the 1950s , many of these functions have been taken over by the record producer .
since the 1950s , many of these [purposes] have been taken over by the record producer .

In that tradition , it works in relation with consonance to establish tension/resolution structures , with narrative , expressive or dramatic functions .
in that tradition , it works in relation with consonance to establish tension/resolution structures , with narrative , expressive or dramatic [purposes] .

In popular music , such functions are either lacking or much weaker .
in popular music , such [purposes] are either lacking or much weaker .

The music at one and the same time offers escape from the banalities of social life and is continuous with them ; its twin functions are thus distraction ( music as narcotic ) and affirmation : ‘ accepting what there is … identifying … with the inescapable product ’ ( Adorno 1976 : 41 ; 1978a : 288 ) .
the music at one and the same time offers escape from the banalities of social life and is continuous with them ; its twin [purposes] are thus distraction ( music as narcotic ) and affirmation : ‘ accepting what there is … identifying … with the inescapable product ’ ( adorno 1976 : 41 ; 1978a : 288 ) .

From both points of view , the demands of real listening — to autonomous works — are replaced by functions of psychosocial conditioning ; Adorno 's most complex typologies of listening behaviour are elaborations of this basic position ( Adorno 1941 : 32–48 ; 1976 : 1–20 ) .
from both points of view , the demands of real listening — to autonomous works — are replaced by [purposes] of psychosocial conditioning ; adorno 's most complex typologies of listening behaviour are elaborations of this basic position ( adorno 1941 : 32–48 ; 1976 : 1–20 ) .

Moreover , Bradley continues , the specific nature of cultural goods , which Adorno recognizes , can not be adequately covered by his argument that the apparent use-value of popular music ( its ‘ immediacy ’ , its status as ‘ art ’ and as a repository of ‘ human ’ feeling , and so on ) is an illusion which actually functions in the service of exchange-value ( it is an aspect of what people buy ) .
moreover , bradley continues , the specific nature of cultural goods , which adorno recognizes , can not be adequately covered by his argument that the apparent use-value of popular music ( its ‘ immediacy ’ , its status as ‘ art ’ and as a repository of ‘ human ’ feeling , and so on ) is an illusion which actually [purposes] in the service of exchange-value ( it is an aspect of what people buy ) .

Benjamin often expressed regret at the passing of ‘ traditional ’ art and the social ties and functions which had made it possible .
benjamin often expressed regret at the passing of ‘ traditional ’ art and the social ties and [purposes] which had made it possible .

the reproduction now functions as the original , the live performance is measured against the recording , and technical equipment is seen not as an external aid to reproduction but as a characteristic of the musical original , employed as part of the artistic conception ( ibid : 236 ) .
the reproduction now [purposes] as the original , the live performance is measured against the recording , and technical equipment is seen not as an external aid to reproduction but as a characteristic of the musical original , employed as part of the artistic conception ( ibid : 236 ) .

The weakness of the Church was the wasteful distribution of its resources relative to its recognized social functions .
the weakness of the church was the wasteful distribution of its resources relative to its recognized social [purposes] .

The public functions of the guilds had been increasingly restricted to the organization of religious processions and the distribution of charity .
the public [purposes] of the guilds had been increasingly restricted to the organization of religious processions and the distribution of charity .

They were part of a society of determined hierarchies , impregnated with religious values and defended by conservatives for their social as distinct from their economic functions .
they were part of a society of determined hierarchies , impregnated with religious values and defended by conservatives for their social as distinct from their economic [purposes] .

Only the audiencias , burdened with written procedures in which lawyers were paid by the page , and fulfilling both the functions of an appeal court and a provincial administrative council , recalled the polysynodical system of the great councils .
only the audiencias , burdened with written procedures in which lawyers were paid by the page , and fulfilling both the [purposes] of an appeal court and a provincial administrative council , recalled the polysynodical system of the great councils .

The debate on the nature and functions of the Cortes brought into the open the issue which , since May , had divided conservative officials from revolutionary patriots .
the debate on the nature and [purposes] of the cortes brought into the open the issue which , since may , had divided conservative officials from revolutionary patriots .

The king kept only those functions which the Cortes could not in practice exercise itself , together with a severely limited suspensive veto .
the king kept only those [purposes] which the cortes could not in practice exercise itself , together with a severely limited suspensive veto .

Equally they sustain as well as designate those who discharge public functions .
equally they sustain as well as designate those who discharge public [purposes] .

Every stage in the growing complexity of social life and in the enfranchisement of populations has emphasized the need to designate functions and grades by means of symbols .
every stage in the growing complexity of social life and in the enfranchisement of populations has emphasized the need to designate [purposes] and grades by means of symbols .

Even after the abuses of the Star Chamber had been curbed the magistrates , who in the absence of a police force had some of the functions of a modern juge d'instruction , had power to interrogate the accused before trial .
even after the abuses of the star chamber had been curbed the magistrates , who in the absence of a police force had some of the [purposes] of a modern juge d'instruction , had power to interrogate the accused before trial .

It is still the case that the economy is determinant ‘ in the last instance ’ , but the economy never functions in isolation from the other instances .
it is still the case that the economy is determinant ‘ in the last instance ’ , but the economy never [purposes] in isolation from the other instances .

Functionalism analyses social phenomena in terms of their functions — that is , their positive effects in helping the entire social system to continue operating .
functionalism analyses social phenomena in terms of their [purposes] — that is , their positive effects in helping the entire social system to continue operating .

But apart from these very limited attempts to control the exercise of sentencing discretion by law , the only other guidance that is available comes from the past practice of the courts themselves in determining the ‘ going rate ’ for particular offences , and , in particular , the checking and structuring functions of the Court of Appeal .
but apart from these very limited attempts to control the exercise of sentencing discretion by law , the only other guidance that is available comes from the past practice of the courts themselves in determining the ‘ going rate ’ for particular offences , and , in particular , the checking and structuring [purposes] of the court of appeal .

‘ It slows the autonomic nervous system to the barest limit of operation , but does n't affect the higher brain functions .
‘ it slows the autonomic nervous system to the barest limit of operation , but does n't affect the higher brain [purposes] .

‘ No , the soul is in two parts : the gros bon ange is the big good angel , the part that deals with instinct and all the functions of life that we do without thinking about . ’
‘ no , the soul is in two parts : the gros bon ange is the big good angel , the part that deals with instinct and all the [purposes] of life that we do without thinking about . ’

‘ That must be why we have to stop the ceremony — to make sure he ca n't tap the mental energy of the congregation and use it to supplement the Old One 's autonomic functions enough to pull the rest of it out of the Vortex , ’ Ace finished , and sat back with a cheery grin .
‘ that must be why we have to stop the ceremony — to make sure he ca n't tap the mental energy of the congregation and use it to supplement the old one 's autonomic [purposes] enough to pull the rest of it out of the vortex , ’ ace finished , and sat back with a cheery grin .

This is because both are positive functions of the rate of arrival of information during the time period .
this is because both are positive [purposes] of the rate of arrival of information during the time period .

Tauchen and Pitts ( 1983 ) developed a model in which average daily volume and the variance of daily price changes are positive functions of the daily flow of information , the extent to which traders disagree and the number of traders .
tauchen and pitts ( 1983 ) developed a model in which average daily volume and the variance of daily price changes are positive [purposes] of the daily flow of information , the extent to which traders disagree and the number of traders .

Hence , a positive relationship between volume and price volatility for transactions data is predicted based on both being positive functions of the amount of disagreement among traders .
hence , a positive relationship between volume and price volatility for transactions data is predicted based on both being positive [purposes] of the amount of disagreement among traders .

The functions are now being put together under Sally Randall as trade publicity manager reporting to Eric Major .
the [purposes] are now being put together under sally randall as trade publicity manager reporting to eric major .

The key to an understanding of relief-giving is in the functions it serves for the larger economic and political order , for relief is a secondary and supportive institution .
the key to an understanding of relief-giving is in the [purposes] it serves for the larger economic and political order , for relief is a secondary and supportive institution .

The local government system of the time had been given some shape by the Municipal Corporations Act of 1835 , but it was not until the end of the century that it acquired a structure that would enable it to take on the range of functions it has today .
the local government system of the time had been given some shape by the municipal corporations act of 1835 , but it was not until the end of the century that it acquired a structure that would enable it to take on the range of [purposes] it has today .

Others , however , set up ad hoc authorities to take on functions delegated by central government .
others , however , set up ad hoc authorities to take on [purposes] delegated by central government .

While local government was responsible for public health , and for the rudimentary planning , housing and hospital functions required to help achieve more sanitary urban areas , education was made the responsibility of separately elected school boards .
while local government was responsible for public health , and for the rudimentary planning , housing and hospital [purposes] required to help achieve more sanitary urban areas , education was made the responsibility of separately elected school boards .

However , legislation late in the century provided a new local government structure much better able to take on a wide range of functions .
however , legislation late in the century provided a new local government structure much better able to take on a wide range of [purposes] .

It has been reckoned as such in the past , and if the landowners cease to discharge these functions , the time will come to reconsider the conditions under which land is held in this country .
it has been reckoned as such in the past , and if the landowners cease to discharge these [purposes] , the time will come to reconsider the conditions under which land is held in this country .

In the last section reference was made to the way in which the Unemployment Assistance Board , which was renamed the Assistance Board in 1940 , took over various functions from the public assistance committees in the early part of the war .
in the last section reference was made to the way in which the unemployment assistance board , which was renamed the assistance board in 1940 , took over various [purposes] from the public assistance committees in the early part of the war .

The other local authority welfare services , or personal social services , were organized by welfare departments and by health departments ( or by departments that combined these two functions ) .
the other local authority welfare services , or personal social services , were organized by welfare departments and by health departments ( or by departments that combined these two [purposes] ) .

Outside the metropolitan areas the division of the social policy functions was more even : the counties acquired responsibility for education and social services , while the districts were made responsible for housing .
outside the metropolitan areas the division of the social policy [purposes] was more even : the counties acquired responsibility for education and social services , while the districts were made responsible for housing .

Their functions were either devolved to the districts or given to ad hoc joint boards .
their [purposes] were either devolved to the districts or given to ad hoc joint boards .

There are ad hoc bodies dealing with some of the functions of the former counties , but these need not detain us as their tasks do not fall within the main concerns of this book .
there are ad hoc bodies dealing with some of the [purposes] of the former counties , but these need not detain us as their tasks do not fall within the main concerns of this book .

In those parts of Scotland that are most isolated ( Orkney and Shetland and the Western Isles ) , there are single unitary authorities that deal with all local government functions .
in those parts of scotland that are most isolated ( orkney and shetland and the western isles ) , there are single unitary authorities that deal with all local government [purposes] .

The balance of power between the Houses of Parliament and the civil service and between the local council and the town hall officials is never clearly defined , and can vary enormously in different areas and functions .
the balance of power between the houses of parliament and the civil service and between the local council and the town hall officials is never clearly defined , and can vary enormously in different areas and [purposes] .

This may seem rather excessive just for giving one speech , but if this is your first and you speak well , you may well be asked to give speeches later at other weddings and functions .
this may seem rather excessive just for giving one speech , but if this is your first and you speak well , you may well be asked to give speeches later at other weddings and [purposes] .

This feeling was compounded by confusion over the respective roles and functions of the Department of Employment , the Department of Health and Social Security , the Manpower Services Commission , the ‘ dole ’ , unemployment benefit offices , employment offices and Jobcentres .
this feeling was compounded by confusion over the respective roles and [purposes] of the department of employment , the department of health and social security , the manpower services commission , the ‘ dole ’ , unemployment benefit offices , employment offices and jobcentres .

Her style and title at Random House — associate publisher and marketing director for the group 's literary imprints Cape , Chatto and Vintage — are intended to reflect a bridge between the publishing and marketing functions .
her style and title at random house — associate publisher and marketing director for the group 's literary imprints cape , chatto and vintage — are intended to reflect a bridge between the publishing and marketing [purposes] .

The structure of most of them is known ( 2 ) and their biological functions are now successively being revealed ( 3 ) .
the structure of most of them is known ( 2 ) and their biological [purposes] are now successively being revealed ( 3 ) .

So what 's new ? The company claims that it will be the first program to integrate E-Mail , scheduling and calendar functions into one package .
so what 's new ? the company claims that it will be the first program to integrate e-mail , scheduling and calendar [purposes] into one package .

Among the other functions is ruled-based message management .
among the other [purposes] is ruled-based message management .

The documentation for Quattro Pro also features plenty of screenshots , and follows a logical sequence similar to that of SuperCalc . The built-in functions and the macro language are dealt with in a separate tome which is best left to the initiated !
the documentation for quattro pro also features plenty of screenshots , and follows a logical sequence similar to that of supercalc . the built-in [purposes] and the macro language are dealt with in a separate tome which is best left to the initiated !

For real programmers , DataEase now includes a Custom Defined Functions facility which lets 4.5 applications directly reference sub-routines in a conventional programming language .
for real programmers , dataease now includes a custom defined [purposes] facility which lets 4.5 applications directly reference sub-routines in a conventional programming language .

We 've covered most of Windows ‘ basic functions over the past 10 issues .
we 've covered most of windows ‘ basic [purposes] over the past 10 issues .

The immunoglobulin superfamily is large and diverse probably because the basic structure of the immunoglobulin domain is versatile and readily adaptable to different binding functions .
the immunoglobulin superfamily is large and diverse probably because the basic structure of the immunoglobulin domain is versatile and readily adaptable to different binding [purposes] .

other important functions
other important [purposes]

Given the changing roles of local authorities and the Boundary Commission 's inquiries into unitary local authorities , this seems to be the appropriate opportunity to consider establishing local commissioning authorities covering all health and welfare functions .
given the changing roles of local authorities and the boundary commission 's inquiries into unitary local authorities , this seems to be the appropriate opportunity to consider establishing local commissioning authorities covering all health and welfare [purposes] .

The Conceicao programme has a few hospital beds but its main functions are to run community health centres in favelas and a large primary care clinic in the main hospital which caters for the local population .
the conceicao programme has a few hospital beds but its main [purposes] are to run community health centres in favelas and a large primary care clinic in the main hospital which caters for the local population .

It goes on to recommend that role modelling should itself be the subject of teaching so that its functions may become more explicit and better recognised .
it goes on to recommend that role modelling should itself be the subject of teaching so that its [purposes] may become more explicit and better recognised .

Additional requirements for inclusion in the study were age under 75 years , life expectancy over two months , Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group performance status < 3 , no previous chemotherapy , and adequate haematological ( leucocyte count > 4×10/l , platelet > 150×10/l ) , hepatic ( no jaundice and serum aminotransferase concentrations < 100 IU/l ) , and renal ( serum creatinine < 132.6 µmol/l , creatinine clearance > 1 ml/s ) functions .
additional requirements for inclusion in the study were age under 75 years , life expectancy over two months , eastern cooperative oncology group performance status < 3 , no previous chemotherapy , and adequate haematological ( leucocyte count > 4×10/l , platelet > 150×10/l ) , hepatic ( no jaundice and serum aminotransferase concentrations < 100 iu/l ) , and renal ( serum creatinine < 132.6 µmol/l , creatinine clearance > 1 ml/s ) [purposes] .

If the Goschenen rail station appears disproportionately large for the size of the village , this is accountable to the control functions exercised here for the traffic through the 15km ( 9 mile ) long Gotthard railway tunnel which begins here .
if the goschenen rail station appears disproportionately large for the size of the village , this is accountable to the control [purposes] exercised here for the traffic through the 15km ( 9 mile ) long gotthard railway tunnel which begins here .

iii Would the care of dementia sufferers as well as that of other groups be enhanced is care of the elderly was integrated at local level , uniting the functions of the geriatric and psychiatric services , or uniting both with social services for the elderly ?
iii would the care of dementia sufferers as well as that of other groups be enhanced is care of the elderly was integrated at local level , uniting the [purposes] of the geriatric and psychiatric services , or uniting both with social services for the elderly ?

These functions may be distinguished from individual casework ( and particularly the demands of short term crisis management ) which broadly characterises a fieldwork service delivery role .
these [purposes] may be distinguished from individual casework ( and particularly the demands of short term crisis management ) which broadly characterises a fieldwork service delivery role .

Already the various structural elements in Nizan 's psychology are becoming apparent : a brooding sense of death nurtured in his formative months and years as an infant and as a child ; a childhood admiration for the values and life-style of his father , a man exuding certainty , conviction and power , a man involved in the practical problems of everyday existence ; a corresponding indifference for the seemingly hollow existence of his mother preoccupied with family duties , social functions and religious rites ; an implicit recognition that the path to be followed was to be located somewhere in the dynamic working-class origins of his father rather than in the passive middle-class origins of his mother ; a sense of loneliness as a child compensated by a deeply experienced relationship with his father , an idol , the source of knowledge and truth .
already the various structural elements in nizan 's psychology are becoming apparent : a brooding sense of death nurtured in his formative months and years as an infant and as a child ; a childhood admiration for the values and life-style of his father , a man exuding certainty , conviction and power , a man involved in the practical problems of everyday existence ; a corresponding indifference for the seemingly hollow existence of his mother preoccupied with family duties , social [purposes] and religious rites ; an implicit recognition that the path to be followed was to be located somewhere in the dynamic working-class origins of his father rather than in the passive middle-class origins of his mother ; a sense of loneliness as a child compensated by a deeply experienced relationship with his father , an idol , the source of knowledge and truth .

Success of the literary process becomes a measure of the balance achieved between artistic techniques and ideological functions .
success of the literary process becomes a measure of the balance achieved between artistic techniques and ideological [purposes] .

According to Frege , concepts represent a sub-class of functions ; more specifically , a concept is a function `` whose value is always a truth-value `` .
according to frege , concepts represent a sub-class of [purposes] ; more specifically , a concept is a function `` whose value is always a truth-value `` .

Frege , it should be stressed at once , interprets functions basically by analogy with machines , i.e .
frege , it should be stressed at once , interprets [purposes] basically by analogy with machines , i.e .

Like functions , he claims , concepts are intrinsically incomplete or `` unsaturated `` .
like [purposes] , he claims , concepts are intrinsically incomplete or `` unsaturated `` .

Existence is not a `` property of concepts `` ( qua functions ) ; although ontological claims in general do entail claims about concepts .
existence is not a `` property of concepts `` ( qua [purposes] ) ; although ontological claims in general do entail claims about concepts .

Such an analysis , if vigorously pursued , will show , among other things , that all properties are ultimately functions of certain structures , and that reality in the most fundamental sense of the word is structure simpliciter .
such an analysis , if vigorously pursued , will show , among other things , that all properties are ultimately [purposes] of certain structures , and that reality in the most fundamental sense of the word is structure simpliciter .

Meanings are functions of words ; they are not some ghostly essences , capable of subsisting independently of their phenomenal embodiment .
meanings are [purposes] of words ; they are not some ghostly essences , capable of subsisting independently of their phenomenal embodiment .

It is involved in numerous cellular functions including adhesion , migration and differentiation , angiogenesis , wound healing , embryonic development and tumor cell metastasis ( 6 , and reviewed in 3,4 ) .
it is involved in numerous cellular [purposes] including adhesion , migration and differentiation , angiogenesis , wound healing , embryonic development and tumor cell metastasis ( 6 , and reviewed in 3,4 ) .

In order to assess the functions of the N-Oct 3 and N-Oct-5 proteins in gene transcription , we performed cotransfection experiments in HeLa cells .
in order to assess the [purposes] of the n-oct 3 and n-oct-5 proteins in gene transcription , we performed cotransfection experiments in hela cells .

Much of the contact-making happened not at diplomatic functions but in the marketplace , he recalls .
much of the contact-making happened not at diplomatic [purposes] but in the marketplace , he recalls .

But the essence of re-engineering — taking a strategic view of the component functions of a business , stripping some out and streamlining others with inter-disciplinary teams and more effective use of technology — has long been under way in a number of companies .
but the essence of re-engineering — taking a strategic view of the component [purposes] of a business , stripping some out and streamlining others with inter-disciplinary teams and more effective use of technology — has long been under way in a number of companies .

For example , an archaeologist in a museum attached to a university may also lecture to students , as well as direct research excavations for the university , and thus perform many of the functions of all three types of professional archaeologist .
for example , an archaeologist in a museum attached to a university may also lecture to students , as well as direct research excavations for the university , and thus perform many of the [purposes] of all three types of professional archaeologist .

But while axeheads from different societies may perform widely differing social functions , the axeheads themselves may be almost identical .
but while axeheads from different societies may perform widely differing social [purposes] , the axeheads themselves may be almost identical .

The task for the teacher might be understood in terms of two interconnected functions :
the task for the teacher might be understood in terms of two interconnected [purposes] :

In learning to write , children are seen as developing and testing a number of progressively useful theories about how spoken language is represented on the page , and what functions the written form can serve ( Bissex 1980 , Ferreiro and Teberosky 1982 ) .
in learning to write , children are seen as developing and testing a number of progressively useful theories about how spoken language is represented on the page , and what [purposes] the written form can serve ( bissex 1980 , ferreiro and teberosky 1982 ) .

The traditional functions of the reserve army are alive and well in North Shields and Cramlington and the bidding of farewell to the working class is decidedly premature ( see Byrne , 1984 ) .
the traditional [purposes] of the reserve army are alive and well in north shields and cramlington and the bidding of farewell to the working class is decidedly premature ( see byrne , 1984 ) .

under-representation of control and research and development functions ) .
under-representation of control and research and development [purposes] ) .

It requires riverside sites vacated by traditional shipbuilding and port functions and is absolutely dependent on a work force which got its initial training in ship-building and -repair .
it requires riverside sites vacated by traditional shipbuilding and port [purposes] and is absolutely dependent on a work force which got its initial training in ship-building and -repair .

Massey 's schematic representation of this form seems to imply that particular production units may be associated with head offices , but this does not imply a privileged status for any particular unit because head office functions may not be associated with any productive unit and are in any event highly mobile .
massey 's schematic representation of this form seems to imply that particular production units may be associated with head offices , but this does not imply a privileged status for any particular unit because head office [purposes] may not be associated with any productive unit and are in any event highly mobile .

They focus on the family , analysing both its internal structure and its functions for the wider society .
they focus on the family , analysing both its internal structure and its [purposes] for the wider society .

The family as a whole was considered essential to the carrying out of certain necessary societal functions — for the rearing of children , the regulation of sexuality and as a unit of consumption .
the family as a whole was considered essential to the carrying out of certain necessary societal [purposes] — for the rearing of children , the regulation of sexuality and as a unit of consumption .

It functions as a network of contact and support .
it [purposes] as a network of contact and support .

This theory proposes that the family performs certain functions for society .
this theory proposes that the family performs certain [purposes] for society .

In sum , as societies become industrialized , so the family loses its range of functions and comes to concentrate on only a few .
in sum , as societies become industrialized , so the family loses its range of [purposes] and comes to concentrate on only a few .

Furthermore , it seems doubtful if the pre-industrial family had the resources to serve the functions of education , medical care or support of the elderly .
furthermore , it seems doubtful if the pre-industrial family had the resources to serve the [purposes] of education , medical care or support of the elderly .

There are three principal functions of tribunals and enquiries : adjudication , regulation and advice .
there are three principal [purposes] of tribunals and enquiries : adjudication , regulation and advice .

Local authorities have for many years enjoyed a power to purchase land compulsorily in order to carry out their statutory functions relating to highways or general development .
local authorities have for many years enjoyed a power to purchase land compulsorily in order to carry out their statutory [purposes] relating to highways or general development .

The functions of such an enquiry would be to appraise ministers of the full facts surrounding the accident following an investigation of the causes of the accident .
the [purposes] of such an enquiry would be to appraise ministers of the full facts surrounding the accident following an investigation of the causes of the accident .

The constitution and working of tribunals other than the ordinary courts of law , constituted under any Act of Parliament by a minister of the Crown or for the purposes of a minister 's functions .
the constitution and working of tribunals other than the ordinary courts of law , constituted under any act of parliament by a minister of the crown or for the purposes of a minister 's [purposes] .

The foreword by the first President of the SSATs to The Guide to Procedure stresses the enabling functions of the tribunals :
the foreword by the first president of the ssats to the guide to procedure stresses the enabling [purposes] of the tribunals :

Two separate functions of appeals have been identified , which have been labelled review and supervision ( Blom-Cooper and Drewry , 1972 ; Drewry , 1973 ) .
two separate [purposes] of appeals have been identified , which have been labelled review and supervision ( blom-cooper and drewry , 1972 ; drewry , 1973 ) .

The Court of Appeal exercises the functions both of review and of supervision .
the court of appeal exercises the [purposes] both of review and of supervision .

In December 1978 the unpublished report of a Working Party headed by Lord Scarman recommended the establishment of a Registrar of Civil Appeals having both judicial and administrative functions .
in december 1978 the unpublished report of a working party headed by lord scarman recommended the establishment of a registrar of civil appeals having both judicial and administrative [purposes] .

The Functions of Civil Appeal Courts
the [purposes] of civil appeal courts

It will be clear from the description of the functions of the Court of Appeal and House of Lords that they make law to meet the needs of cases arising before them and lay down guidelines for judges in courts below .
it will be clear from the description of the [purposes] of the court of appeal and house of lords that they make law to meet the needs of cases arising before them and lay down guidelines for judges in courts below .

The functions of the Advisory Committee will be to advise on questions that arise as to what qualifications are necessary for providing legal services connected with litigation and what requirements are necessary to ensure proper standards of conduct .
the [purposes] of the advisory committee will be to advise on questions that arise as to what qualifications are necessary for providing legal services connected with litigation and what requirements are necessary to ensure proper standards of conduct .

Each set of chambers is required to have at least one clerk , who performs the functions of office administrator and accountant , business manager and agent .
each set of chambers is required to have at least one clerk , who performs the [purposes] of office administrator and accountant , business manager and agent .

The functions of the Investigation Committee are to review cases which the Investigation Officer wishes to terminate as not substantiated but the complainant does not and cases where the Investigation Officer is referring the file to the Adjudication Committee .
the [purposes] of the investigation committee are to review cases which the investigation officer wishes to terminate as not substantiated but the complainant does not and cases where the investigation officer is referring the file to the adjudication committee .

( 3.2 ) Language functions
( 3.2 ) language [purposes]

In order to discover how such inferences are made , we will need firstly to examine the range of possible functions of language , and secondly to try to understand how people correctly interpret them .
in order to discover how such inferences are made , we will need firstly to examine the range of possible [purposes] of language , and secondly to try to understand how people correctly interpret them .

( 3.2 ) Language functions
( 3.2 ) language [purposes]

In order to discover how such inferences are made , we will need firstly to examine the range of possible functions of language , and secondly to try to understand how people correctly interpret them .
in order to discover how such inferences are made , we will need firstly to examine the range of possible [purposes] of language , and secondly to try to understand how people correctly interpret them .

People are not as simplistic as this ; even a moment 's reflection leads to the conclusion that language has many more functions .
people are not as simplistic as this ; even a moment 's reflection leads to the conclusion that language has many more [purposes] .

And even in the wider social world of adult intercourse , language clearly has many more functions than simply sending information .
and even in the wider social world of adult intercourse , language clearly has many more [purposes] than simply sending information .

There have been many , sometimes conflicting , attempts to classify the main functions of language ( macro-functions ) .
there have been many , sometimes conflicting , attempts to classify the main [purposes] of language ( macro-functions ) .

What do you consider to be the most likely functions of the following ?
what do you consider to be the most likely [purposes] of the following ?

It is interesting to speculate , if one accepts this classification , on the evolution of functions in each human individual .
it is interesting to speculate , if one accepts this classification , on the evolution of [purposes] in each human individual .

The result would be a diagram which becomes ever more precise and explicit as it moves from left to right , with a long list of fairly narrowly defined functions on the right-hand side .
the result would be a diagram which becomes ever more precise and explicit as it moves from left to right , with a long list of fairly narrowly defined [purposes] on the right-hand side .

The resulting list of functions is of the kind used as the basis of functional language courses — the ones which use the term in any meaningful way rather than because it was fashionable — and this is the connection between functional courses and functional approaches to linguistics .
the resulting list of [purposes] is of the kind used as the basis of functional language courses — the ones which use the term in any meaningful way rather than because it was fashionable — and this is the connection between functional courses and functional approaches to linguistics .

But they also have certain weaknesses , for the more exact one tries to become about functions , the more slippery they become , and the more scope there is for variation and disagreement .
but they also have certain weaknesses , for the more exact one tries to become about [purposes] , the more slippery they become , and the more scope there is for variation and disagreement .

There are also pedagogic problems in following lists of functions through .
there are also pedagogic problems in following lists of [purposes] through .

Are some functions more important than others ?
are some [purposes] more important than others ?

We shall be returning to the treatment of functions in language teaching in Section Two .
we shall be returning to the treatment of [purposes] in language teaching in section two .

Thus we can see that the sentence ‘ The window is open ’ can have many different functions , depending on who says it , to whom , and in what situation .
thus we can see that the sentence ‘ the window is open ’ can have many different [purposes] , depending on who says it , to whom , and in what situation .

There may be some kind of sequencing to functions , some order in the way they follow another : request — refusal ; plea — offer and so on .
there may be some kind of sequencing to [purposes] , some order in the way they follow another : request — refusal ; plea — offer and so on .

There are problems with this procedure , for not all functions can be so neatly labelled , nor is there always such a neat correspondence between a single utterance and a single function .
there are problems with this procedure , for not all [purposes] can be so neatly labelled , nor is there always such a neat correspondence between a single utterance and a single function .

We are moving towards a position in which we shall be able to examine the structure of discourse both in terms of surface relations of form , and underlying relations of functions and acts .
we are moving towards a position in which we shall be able to examine the structure of discourse both in terms of surface relations of form , and underlying relations of [purposes] and acts .

Here the influential Council of Europe publication The Threshold Level in a European Unit/Credit System for Modern Language Learning by Adults ( van Ek 1975 ) set the tone for many subsequent language courses , specifying social roles and psychological roles as two of the main parameters with which students need to cope ( the others are settings , topics , and language functions ) .
here the influential council of europe publication the threshold level in a european unit/credit system for modern language learning by adults ( van ek 1975 ) set the tone for many subsequent language courses , specifying social roles and psychological roles as two of the main parameters with which students need to cope ( the others are settings , topics , and language [purposes] ) .

Referring to instances of discourse types as infelicitous raises the issue of the relationship of these terms to speech acts and language functions ( see 3.11 ) .
referring to instances of discourse types as infelicitous raises the issue of the relationship of these terms to speech acts and language [purposes] ( see 3.11 ) .

What discourse types might realize these functions ?
what discourse types might realize these [purposes] ?

With functions , as with senders and receivers , there is no simple one-to-one connection to discourse type .
with [purposes] , as with senders and receivers , there is no simple one-to-one connection to discourse type .

The classification and relationship of functions within the discourse can again be represented diagrammatically , and students encouraged to think of discourse in spatial terms , as in the extract from Laird , where paragraph structure is analysed in functional boxes , each box corresponding to a grammatical unit or series of grammatical units .
the classification and relationship of [purposes] within the discourse can again be represented diagrammatically , and students encouraged to think of discourse in spatial terms , as in the extract from laird , where paragraph structure is analysed in functional boxes , each box corresponding to a grammatical unit or series of grammatical units .

Introduction : linguistic forms and functions
introduction : linguistic forms and [purposes]

The functions of language
the [purposes] of language

As such , it can not be restricted to the description of linguistic forms independent of the purposes or functions which those forms are designed to serve in human affairs .
as such , it can not be restricted to the description of linguistic forms independent of the purposes or [purposes] which those forms are designed to serve in human affairs .

Attempts to provide even a general set of labels for the principal functions of language have resulted in vague , and often confusing , terminology .
attempts to provide even a general set of labels for the principal [purposes] of language have resulted in vague , and often confusing , terminology .

We will adopt only two terms to describe the major functions of language and emphasise that this division is an analytic convenience .
we will adopt only two terms to describe the major [purposes] of language and emphasise that this division is an analytic convenience .

Linguists and linguistic philosophers tend to adopt a limited approach to the functions of language in society .
linguists and linguistic philosophers tend to adopt a limited approach to the [purposes] of language in society .

While they frequently acknowledge that language may be used to perform many communicative functions , they nonetheless make the general assumption that the most important function is the communication of information .
while they frequently acknowledge that language may be used to perform many communicative [purposes] , they nonetheless make the general assumption that the most important function is the communication of information .

The view that written language and spoken language serve , in general , quite different functions in society has been forcefully propounded , hardly surprisingly , by scholars whose main interest lies in anthropology and sociology .
the view that written language and spoken language serve , in general , quite different [purposes] in society has been forcefully propounded , hardly surprisingly , by scholars whose main interest lies in anthropology and sociology .

Goody suggests that written language has two main functions : the first is the storage function which permits communication over time and space , and the second is that which ‘ shifts language from the oral to the visual domain' and permits words and sentences to be examined out of their original contexts , ‘ where they appear in a very different and highly ‘ abstract ’ context' ( 1977 : 78 ) .
goody suggests that written language has two main [purposes] : the first is the storage function which permits communication over time and space , and the second is that which ‘ shifts language from the oral to the visual domain' and permits words and sentences to be examined out of their original contexts , ‘ where they appear in a very different and highly ‘ abstract ’ context' ( 1977 : 78 ) .

Representations of system-sentences may of course be used in metalinguistic discussion of the structure and functions of language : and it is such representations that are customarily cited in grammatical descriptions of particular languages .
representations of system-sentences may of course be used in metalinguistic discussion of the structure and [purposes] of language : and it is such representations that are customarily cited in grammatical descriptions of particular languages .

‘ The format very cleverly set up those four characters to perform certain dramatic functions that were very useful for us , ’ says Verity Lambert .
‘ the format very cleverly set up those four characters to perform certain dramatic [purposes] that were very useful for us , ’ says verity lambert .

In an agency , indeed , you will find , in effect , most of the usual functions of a manufacturing business : management , the shop floor , sales , accounts , buying , and so on .
in an agency , indeed , you will find , in effect , most of the usual [purposes] of a manufacturing business : management , the shop floor , sales , accounts , buying , and so on .

In any but the smallest agency , though , there will be directors in charge of the main functions — creative , media and finance — as well as those who are account executives .
in any but the smallest agency , though , there will be directors in charge of the main [purposes] — creative , media and finance — as well as those who are account executives .

Usually the two functions are combined , though the largest agencies may split them .
usually the two [purposes] are combined , though the largest agencies may split them .

We do functions mostly , college balls and barbecues and company outings and that .
we do [purposes] mostly , college balls and barbecues and company outings and that .

Over the years they had attended the same victuallers ' functions , and on every occasion Harcourt had kept very much to his own table .
over the years they had attended the same victuallers ' [purposes] , and on every occasion harcourt had kept very much to his own table .

Predicates and functions
predicates and [purposes]

Usually , there is no great difficulty in translating from a description using predicates to one using functions , or the other way round .
usually , there is no great difficulty in translating from a description using predicates to one using [purposes] , or the other way round .

2.3.7 Heuristic functions
2.3.7 heuristic [purposes]

Examples of heuristic functions :
examples of heuristic [purposes] :

Of all three heuristic functions , fc is almost certainly the best , because it contains most information .
of all three heuristic [purposes] , fc is almost certainly the best , because it contains most information .

The input , output and internal structure of such a device are all very like those of a multi-layer perceptron , but the individual nodes , and the functions they perform , are quite different .
the input , output and internal structure of such a device are all very like those of a multi-layer perceptron , but the individual nodes , and the [purposes] they perform , are quite different .

Many observed functions within the brain resemble what can be done with layers of perceptrons .
many observed [purposes] within the brain resemble what can be done with layers of perceptrons .

For instance , if there are two functions f and g defined on the set of all possible examples , and f can take the value a and g can take the value b , then one such cluster might be defined as the set of all examples x for which f ( x ) = a ∘ g ( x ) = b
for instance , if there are two [purposes] f and g defined on the set of all possible examples , and f can take the value a and g can take the value b , then one such cluster might be defined as the set of all examples x for which f ( x ) = a ∘ g ( x ) = b

The properties of examples are not always described with functions . For instance , one can either describe a species of bird with functions called lengthofbeak and shapeofbeak , so lengthofbeak(sparrow) = short shapeofbeak(sparrow) = straight or alternatively one can use binary relations called beaklength and beakshape : beaklength ( sparrow , short ) beakshape ( sparrow , straight )
the properties of examples are not always described with [purposes] . for instance , one can either describe a species of bird with [purposes] called lengthofbeak and shapeofbeak , so lengthofbeak(sparrow) = short shapeofbeak(sparrow) = straight or alternatively one can use binary relations called beaklength and beakshape : beaklength ( sparrow , short ) beakshape ( sparrow , straight )

Since definitions are tidier when they only involve discrete alternatives , the languages used for these definitions almost always contain only functions f with finite ranges .
since definitions are tidier when they only involve discrete alternatives , the languages used for these definitions almost always contain only [purposes] f with finite ranges .

Its clustering process is usually equivalent to straightforward clustering using a pseudo-metric d , where for any two examples x and y , d ( x , y ) = the number of functions f in the description language for which f ( x ) f ( y )
its clustering process is usually equivalent to straightforward clustering using a pseudo-metric d , where for any two examples x and y , d ( x , y ) = the number of [purposes] f in the description language for which f ( x ) f ( y )

These two functions are only partial .
these two [purposes] are only partial .

‘ Where an Act of Parliament confers upon an administrative body functions which involve its making decisions which affect to their detriment the rights of other persons or curtail their liberty to do as they please , there is a presumption that Parliament intended that the administrative body should act fairly towards those persons who will be affected by their decision .
‘ where an act of parliament confers upon an administrative body [purposes] which involve its making decisions which affect to their detriment the rights of other persons or curtail their liberty to do as they please , there is a presumption that parliament intended that the administrative body should act fairly towards those persons who will be affected by their decision .

‘ In the administration of government in this country the functions which are given to ministers ( and constitutionally properly given to ministers because they are constitutionally responsible ) are functions so multifarious that no minister could ever personally attend to them .
‘ in the administration of government in this country the [purposes] which are given to ministers ( and constitutionally properly given to ministers because they are constitutionally responsible ) are [purposes] so multifarious that no minister could ever personally attend to them .

If they are sitting in their capacity as judges of the High Court , performing functions as such , it was common ground that judicial review of their decisions would not lie .
if they are sitting in their capacity as judges of the high court , performing [purposes] as such , it was common ground that judicial review of their decisions would not lie .

If on the other hand they are not sitting in that capacity , it was agreed that they are performing functions in the public domain , and judicial review would in principle be available .
if on the other hand they are not sitting in that capacity , it was agreed that they are performing [purposes] in the public domain , and judicial review would in principle be available .

The first was the extent , if at all , to which the provisions of the Courts and Legal Services Act 1990 had altered the position , so far as the visitorial functions relating to disbarment were concerned .
the first was the extent , if at all , to which the provisions of the courts and legal services act 1990 had altered the position , so far as the visitorial [purposes] relating to disbarment were concerned .

However , now that it is necessary to identify the functions the judges are performing when they sit as visitors in cases which are concerned with the question whether people are fit and proper persons to become or remain barristers , we must for the first time examine their function in that context alone .
however , now that it is necessary to identify the [purposes] the judges are performing when they sit as visitors in cases which are concerned with the question whether people are fit and proper persons to become or remain barristers , we must for the first time examine their function in that context alone .

There are plenty of occasions when the High Court exercises a supervisory jurisdiction over tribunals or bodies whose procedures allow for a more relaxed approach to the rules of evidence , but this does not detract from the fact that the High Court is performing the functions of the High Court when it exercises this jurisdiction .
there are plenty of occasions when the high court exercises a supervisory jurisdiction over tribunals or bodies whose procedures allow for a more relaxed approach to the rules of evidence , but this does not detract from the fact that the high court is performing the [purposes] of the high court when it exercises this jurisdiction .

By custom they sat in private and not in court , and they were referred to as a domestic tribunal whatever part of their visitorial functions they were performing .
by custom they sat in private and not in court , and they were referred to as a domestic tribunal whatever part of their visitorial [purposes] they were performing .

By section 114 of the Act , the Secretary of State for Trade and Industry is empowered to transfer many of his functions under the Act of 1986 to a body corporate which is able and willing to discharge those functions .
by section 114 of the act , the secretary of state for trade and industry is empowered to transfer many of his [purposes] under the act of 1986 to a body corporate which is able and willing to discharge those [purposes] .

In the exercise of that power , the Secretary of State has transferred many such functions to Securities and Investments Board Ltd .
in the exercise of that power , the secretary of state has transferred many such [purposes] to securities and investments board ltd .

‘ The member shall ensure that a person is not appointed as a company representative of that member except on terms which impose on him a duty to act in the performance of his functions as a company representative in such a way as to comply with the code of conduct ; …
‘ the member shall ensure that a person is not appointed as a company representative of that member except on terms which impose on him a duty to act in the performance of his [purposes] as a company representative in such a way as to comply with the code of conduct ; …

’ Subsection ( 1 ) empowers the Bank by notice in writing served on an authorised institution to require them to provide to the Bank such information as the Bank may reasonably require for the performance of its functions under the Act .
’ subsection ( 1 ) empowers the bank by notice in writing served on an authorised institution to require them to provide to the bank such information as the bank may reasonably require for the performance of its [purposes] under the act .

‘ The Bank may — ( a ) by notice in writing served on an authorised institution require it to produce , within such time and at such place as may be specified in the notice , such document or documents of such description as may be so specified ; ( b ) authorise an officer , servant or agent of the Bank , on producing evidence of his authority , to require any such institution to provide him forthwith with such information , or to produce to him forthwith such documents , as he may specify , being such information or documents as the Bank may reasonably require for the performance of its functions under this Act .
‘ the bank may — ( a ) by notice in writing served on an authorised institution require it to produce , within such time and at such place as may be specified in the notice , such document or documents of such description as may be so specified ; ( b ) authorise an officer , servant or agent of the bank , on producing evidence of his authority , to require any such institution to provide him forthwith with such information , or to produce to him forthwith such documents , as he may specify , being such information or documents as the bank may reasonably require for the performance of its [purposes] under this act .

Section 83 stipulates that section 82 does not preclude the disclosure of information in any case in which disclosure is for the purpose of enabling or assisting the Bank to discharge its functions under the Act .
section 83 stipulates that section 82 does not preclude the disclosure of information in any case in which disclosure is for the purpose of enabling or assisting the bank to discharge its [purposes] under the act .

Section 84 provides that section 82 does not preclude the disclosure by the Bank of information to a numerous class of specified persons , including , most significantly , ‘ for the purpose of enabling or assisting an authority in a country or territory outside the United Kingdom to exercise — ( a ) functions corresponding to those of — ( i ) the Bank under this Act : ’ subsection ( 6 ) ( a ) .
section 84 provides that section 82 does not preclude the disclosure by the bank of information to a numerous class of specified persons , including , most significantly , ‘ for the purpose of enabling or assisting an authority in a country or territory outside the united kingdom to exercise — ( a ) [purposes] corresponding to those of — ( i ) the bank under this act : ’ subsection ( 6 ) ( a ) .

Section 86 provides that section 82 also applies to information which has been supplied to the Bank of England for the purpose of its functions under the Act by a relevant supervisory authority in a foreign country .
section 86 provides that section 82 also applies to information which has been supplied to the bank of england for the purpose of its [purposes] under the act by a relevant supervisory authority in a foreign country .

It is common ground that it is a prerequisite of the notice that the documents sought are such as the bank ‘ may reasonably require for the performance of its functions under this Act . ’
it is common ground that it is a prerequisite of the notice that the documents sought are such as the bank ‘ may reasonably require for the performance of its [purposes] under this act . ’

The statute did not , he submitted , make it part of the functions of the Bank to act as an information-collecting agency for a foreign regulatory authority .
the statute did not , he submitted , make it part of the [purposes] of the bank to act as an information-collecting agency for a foreign regulatory authority .

As to the presumption , Mr. Philipson , while prepared to acknowledge that it would apply to the reasonableness test , submitted that it did not apply when considering whether the Bank of England was acting in performance of its functions .
as to the presumption , mr. philipson , while prepared to acknowledge that it would apply to the reasonableness test , submitted that it did not apply when considering whether the bank of england was acting in performance of its [purposes] .

Although Mr. Philipson demurred when the suggestion was put to him , it is palpably clear that his submission amounts to a direct challenge to Mr. Barnes ' affidavit , which contains the clearest possible evidence that the Bank of England did indeed require these documents for the purposes of its own supervisory functions ; this will of course involve collaboration and co-ordination with the Federal Reserve Board 's supervision , on which , as he states expressly in paragraph 13 ( b ) , the Bank of England is in part dependent .
although mr. philipson demurred when the suggestion was put to him , it is palpably clear that his submission amounts to a direct challenge to mr. barnes ' affidavit , which contains the clearest possible evidence that the bank of england did indeed require these documents for the purposes of its own supervisory [purposes] ; this will of course involve collaboration and co-ordination with the federal reserve board 's supervision , on which , as he states expressly in paragraph 13 ( b ) , the bank of england is in part dependent .

The proper case is one where the administrator reasonably requires to see the documents to carry out his functions and the production does not impose an unnecessary and unreasonable burden on the person required to produce them in the light of the administrator 's requirements .
the proper case is one where the administrator reasonably requires to see the documents to carry out his [purposes] and the production does not impose an unnecessary and unreasonable burden on the person required to produce them in the light of the administrator 's requirements .

Paragraph 2 sets out the permissible exclusions from investigation , and paragraphs 3 to 5 set out the functions of the adjudicator . Paragraph 3 ( a ) , ( c ) and ( d ) provide as follows :
paragraph 2 sets out the permissible exclusions from investigation , and paragraphs 3 to 5 set out the [purposes] of the adjudicator . paragraph 3 ( a ) , ( c ) and ( d ) provide as follows :

‘ On the other hand , the housing authority are charged with executive functions .
‘ on the other hand , the housing authority are charged with executive [purposes] .

Its functions and powers are set out in the Act of 1981 of that name .
its [purposes] and powers are set out in the act of 1981 of that name .

Whilst it is true that the port authority may carry out its functions through another person such as the dock company , it does not follow that in the absence of statutory authority it can itself transfer any statutory immunities to the entity through which it chooses to operate .
whilst it is true that the port authority may carry out its [purposes] through another person such as the dock company , it does not follow that in the absence of statutory authority it can itself transfer any statutory immunities to the entity through which it chooses to operate .

Even after the abuses of the Star Chamber had been curbed the magistrates , who in the absence of a police force had some of the functions of a modern juge d'instruction , had power to interrogate the accused before trial .
even after the abuses of the star chamber had been curbed the magistrates , who in the absence of a police force had some of the [purposes] of a modern juge d'instruction , had power to interrogate the accused before trial .

‘ only to the extent that ( a ) in the state of execution the execution of the letter does not fall within the functions of the judiciary ; or ( b ) the state addressed considers that its sovereignty or security would be prejudiced thereby .
‘ only to the extent that ( a ) in the state of execution the execution of the letter does not fall within the [purposes] of the judiciary ; or ( b ) the state addressed considers that its sovereignty or security would be prejudiced thereby .

There are additional administrative functions , such as the submission of a statement of affairs and the making of reports on specified matters .
there are additional administrative [purposes] , such as the submission of a statement of affairs and the making of reports on specified matters .

See Chapter 8 for fuller details of the duties and functions of the creditors ' committee .
see chapter 8 for fuller details of the duties and [purposes] of the creditors ' committee .

2 Functions and rights of the committee
2 [purposes] and rights of the committee

Displays would either flick between functions at the touch of a button or would be like a television screen , showing all sorts of information at once .
displays would either flick between [purposes] at the touch of a button or would be like a television screen , showing all sorts of information at once .

The Microlog is electronic rather than mechanical and has nine functions which , in addition to speed and distance , includes trim speed , highest speed , average speed , time and distance to destination and a 24-hour clock .
the microlog is electronic rather than mechanical and has nine [purposes] which , in addition to speed and distance , includes trim speed , highest speed , average speed , time and distance to destination and a 24-hour clock .

By the eleventh of February , followers of Khomeini had taken control of the administrative , police and judicial functions in several cities .
by the eleventh of february , followers of khomeini had taken control of the administrative , police and judicial [purposes] in several cities .

Although sources suggested at the time of Craythorne 's departure that marketing director Udo Kaul might roll his responsibilities into the brief of marketing manager Peter Townsend , Brackenbury has been appointed as head of all advertising functions , with an advertising coordinator , Roger Harris , reporting to him .
although sources suggested at the time of craythorne 's departure that marketing director udo kaul might roll his responsibilities into the brief of marketing manager peter townsend , brackenbury has been appointed as head of all advertising [purposes] , with an advertising coordinator , roger harris , reporting to him .

In the case of prescribed drugs this is obvious but alcohol or other drugs may also be used to " calm nerves " or " help sleep " or to provide other medicinal functions .
in the case of prescribed drugs this is obvious but alcohol or other drugs may also be used to " calm nerves " or " help sleep " or to provide other medicinal [purposes] .

But the long-term effects upon the brain are to dull its critical faculties and to impair its capacity for memory and accuracy in all its functions .
but the long-term effects upon the brain are to dull its critical faculties and to impair its capacity for memory and accuracy in all its [purposes] .

An acute effect of alcohol on the brain is that memory functions may be so disrupted that they temporarily fail altogether and this results in a `` blankout `` , as previously described .
an acute effect of alcohol on the brain is that memory [purposes] may be so disrupted that they temporarily fail altogether and this results in a `` blankout `` , as previously described .

The brain and the nervous system take the greatest strain of all and the most intricate functions are progressively damaged .
the brain and the nervous system take the greatest strain of all and the most intricate [purposes] are progressively damaged .

As previously described , `` state dependent learning `` occurs when the brain will repeat learned functions only when in the same `` drugged `` state as when the subject matter or practical activity was first learnt .
as previously described , `` state dependent learning `` occurs when the brain will repeat learned [purposes] only when in the same `` drugged `` state as when the subject matter or practical activity was first learnt .

By getting a Sponsor , one of whose functions may be to act as a mirror and reflect back the attitudes and behaviour of the sufferer , helping him or her to gain insight into self and establish goals for further improvement in recovery through guidance on the 12 Steps .
by getting a sponsor , one of whose [purposes] may be to act as a mirror and reflect back the attitudes and behaviour of the sufferer , helping him or her to gain insight into self and establish goals for further improvement in recovery through guidance on the 12 steps .

In addition to the function of administering liquor licensing , as provided for by the subsection , the boards also have functions in relation to the granting of permits and licences under the Betting , Gaming and Lotteries Act 1963 and the Gaming Act 1968 ( see s.133 and Schedule 7 , para .
in addition to the function of administering liquor licensing , as provided for by the subsection , the boards also have [purposes] in relation to the granting of permits and licences under the betting , gaming and lotteries act 1963 and the gaming act 1968 ( see s.133 and schedule 7 , para .

( 1 ) For the purposes of the discharge of its functions under this Act , every licensing board ( a ) shall hold a meeting in January , March , June and October of each year beginning on a date in each such month fixed by the licensing board at least eight weeks prior to the meeting ; ( ii ) may hold such other meetings as appear to the board to be appropriate .
( 1 ) for the purposes of the discharge of its [purposes] under this act , every licensing board ( a ) shall hold a meeting in january , march , june and october of each year beginning on a date in each such month fixed by the licensing board at least eight weeks prior to the meeting ; ( ii ) may hold such other meetings as appear to the board to be appropriate .

Arrangements for discharge of functions of licensing boards
arrangements for discharge of [purposes] of licensing boards

( 1 ) Subject to subsection ( 2 ) below , a licensing board may arrange for the discharge of any of its functions by a committee of the board , a member or members of the board , the clerk of the board or any other person appointed to assist the clerk .
( 1 ) subject to subsection ( 2 ) below , a licensing board may arrange for the discharge of any of its [purposes] by a committee of the board , a member or members of the board , the clerk of the board or any other person appointed to assist the clerk .

( 3 ) One half of the members of a licensing board ( and in no case less than three members ) shall be a quorum for any meeting of the board to discharge functions mentioned in subsection ( 2 ) above .
( 3 ) one half of the members of a licensing board ( and in no case less than three members ) shall be a quorum for any meeting of the board to discharge [purposes] mentioned in subsection ( 2 ) above .

You must also understand the functions and inherent errors in the control and performance instruments and understand how to check their accuracy at recognised stages .
you must also understand the [purposes] and inherent errors in the control and performance instruments and understand how to check their accuracy at recognised stages .

The report noted a distinct change in the accuracy of flying which is coincident with a change of voice on the radio as the two crew members exchanged functions .
the report noted a distinct change in the accuracy of flying which is coincident with a change of voice on the radio as the two crew members exchanged [purposes] .

We shall be looking at both these important functions of the Holy Spirit in the next two chapters .
we shall be looking at both these important [purposes] of the holy spirit in the next two chapters .

St. John tells us that this is one of his main functions .
st. john tells us that this is one of his main [purposes] .

The head , if that 's what it is , is crowned with a tuft of rubbery antennae serving various functions .
the head , if that 's what it is , is crowned with a tuft of rubbery antennae serving various [purposes] .

It was several preceptors phasing out together , Posi later explained , that threw directional control and some other functions out of kilter .
it was several preceptors phasing out together , posi later explained , that threw directional control and some other [purposes] out of kilter .

The House of Commons had a number of functions , but the elective function of choosing the Cabinet was the `` most important `` .
the house of commons had a number of [purposes] , but the elective function of choosing the cabinet was the `` most important `` .

However , so long as we remain in the Community , Parliament has effectively handed over a number of functions that it has traditionally fulfilled .
however , so long as we remain in the community , parliament has effectively handed over a number of [purposes] that it has traditionally fulfilled .

The provision of such an overview is the responsibility of the company 's marketing and corporate planning functions .
the provision of such an overview is the responsibility of the company 's marketing and corporate planning [purposes] .

on other occasions , he would appear at society functions wearing a chunky-knit pullover and a pair of slacks — in defiant protest over what he might have termed ‘ the folly of fashion ’ ( if he 'd said anything about it ) .
on other occasions , he would appear at society [purposes] wearing a chunky-knit pullover and a pair of slacks — in defiant protest over what he might have termed ‘ the folly of fashion ’ ( if he 'd said anything about it ) .

In particular , the Soviet statistics alluded to a whole range of research institutes and agencies whose precise functions were virtually unknown in the West .
in particular , the soviet statistics alluded to a whole range of research institutes and agencies whose precise [purposes] were virtually unknown in the west .

Such schemes should be judged on their merits and improved efficiency and they should mean that , in total , the hospitals still carry out all the functions required in the district .
such schemes should be judged on their merits and improved efficiency and they should mean that , in total , the hospitals still carry out all the [purposes] required in the district .

‘ So , basically … ’ Caroline scanned the impressive showroom , with its array of gleaming electronic and navigational equipment , the intricate functions of which were completely beyond her ‘ … Emblem Communications sells , fits and repairs complicated navigational gadgets for all kinds of shipping . Correct ? ’
‘ so , basically … ’ caroline scanned the impressive showroom , with its array of gleaming electronic and navigational equipment , the intricate [purposes] of which were completely beyond her ‘ … emblem communications sells , fits and repairs complicated navigational gadgets for all kinds of shipping . correct ? ’

In this regard they are a vital element in the system and serve two very important functions : they provide a basic general education in art and design and thus constitute a valuable educational experience in their own right ; and they are diagnostic in that they enable students to determine their abilities and select further courses of specialist study .
in this regard they are a vital element in the system and serve two very important [purposes] : they provide a basic general education in art and design and thus constitute a valuable educational experience in their own right ; and they are diagnostic in that they enable students to determine their abilities and select further courses of specialist study .

The RMCs would have four main functions : to be the focal point in the regions of further growth in the provision of full-time higher level courses ; to provide a wide range of management courses to meet the needs of industry , commerce and the public service ; to meet the needs of industry and commerce through consultancy and applied research ; and to act as resource centres for further education colleges in their regions .
the rmcs would have four main [purposes] : to be the focal point in the regions of further growth in the provision of full-time higher level courses ; to provide a wide range of management courses to meet the needs of industry , commerce and the public service ; to meet the needs of industry and commerce through consultancy and applied research ; and to act as resource centres for further education colleges in their regions .

It looks and functions like the back-up battery packs they have on those Security cameras , but there 's more to it than that .
it looks and [purposes] like the back-up battery packs they have on those security cameras , but there 's more to it than that .

Sexual imprinting normally functions in the wild to ensure that the animal will , when it grows up , choose a mate of the correct species .
sexual imprinting normally [purposes] in the wild to ensure that the animal will , when it grows up , choose a mate of the correct species .

On the first page of his book Evolution and Modification of Behaviour ( 1965 ) he wrote ‘ no biologist in his right senses will forget that the blueprint contained in the genome requires innumerable environmental factors in order to be realized in the phenogeny ( development ) of structures and functions ’ .
on the first page of his book evolution and modification of behaviour ( 1965 ) he wrote ‘ no biologist in his right senses will forget that the blueprint contained in the genome requires innumerable environmental factors in order to be realized in the phenogeny ( development ) of structures and [purposes] ’ .

Group living therefore has different functions in different species .
group living therefore has different [purposes] in different species .

Figure 6.1 Experiments are needed to confirm that any particular structure of behaviour pattern functions as a signal .
figure 6.1 experiments are needed to confirm that any particular structure of behaviour pattern [purposes] as a signal .

In fact singing seems to serve two main functions in birds : defending territory , and attracting and stimulating females to mate .
in fact singing seems to serve two main [purposes] in birds : defending territory , and attracting and stimulating females to mate .

Figure 6.2 An experiment shows that song in great tits functions in territory defence .
figure 6.2 an experiment shows that song in great tits [purposes] in territory defence .

Territory defence and mate attraction are not the only functions of song .
territory defence and mate attraction are not the only [purposes] of song .

Different species have probably evolved territoriality for different reasons ; but some functions are commoner than others , and two of the main functions are feeding and reproduction .
different species have probably evolved territoriality for different reasons ; but some [purposes] are commoner than others , and two of the main [purposes] are feeding and reproduction .

In general , territoriality ( like group-living ) has different functions in different animals .
in general , territoriality ( like group-living ) has different [purposes] in different animals .

The many functions that have been proposed for it range from sound transmission to drilling holes in ice ; but it is really used in aggressive fighting among males .
the many [purposes] that have been proposed for it range from sound transmission to drilling holes in ice ; but it is really used in aggressive fighting among males .

For a time all seems to go well with her studies ; she triumphs over male and female competitors … But in the long run nature , which can not be ignored or defied with impunity , asserts its power ; … health fails … [ she ] leaves college a good scholar but a delicate and ailing woman … the special functions which have relation to her future offices as a woman , and the full and perfect accomplishment of which is essential to sexual completeness , have been deranged at a critical time .
for a time all seems to go well with her studies ; she triumphs over male and female competitors … but in the long run nature , which can not be ignored or defied with impunity , asserts its power ; … health fails … [ she ] leaves college a good scholar but a delicate and ailing woman … the special [purposes] which have relation to her future offices as a woman , and the full and perfect accomplishment of which is essential to sexual completeness , have been deranged at a critical time .

The necessity for the function to be characterised as ‘ judicial ’ before procedural constraints would be imposed was integral to this approach , because only bodies exercising such functions would be suited to adjudicative procedures .
the necessity for the function to be characterised as ‘ judicial ’ before procedural constraints would be imposed was integral to this approach , because only bodies exercising such [purposes] would be suited to adjudicative procedures .

In addition , there are for example licensing functions performed by the executive in respect of which the traditional view has been that procedural safeguards do not apply .
in addition , there are for example licensing [purposes] performed by the executive in respect of which the traditional view has been that procedural safeguards do not apply .

It has been seen that academic institutions have to abide by procedural fairness when applying disciplinary measures , as do trade unions , and it has now been held that prison Visitors and governors exercising their disciplinary functions are subject to certiorari for breach of natural justice .
it has been seen that academic institutions have to abide by procedural fairness when applying disciplinary measures , as do trade unions , and it has now been held that prison visitors and governors exercising their disciplinary [purposes] are subject to certiorari for breach of natural justice .

Differentiation , or specialization , involves not only the breaking down of the organization into functions , but also the formation of groups to support the tasks assigned to those functions .
differentiation , or specialization , involves not only the breaking down of the organization into [purposes] , but also the formation of groups to support the tasks assigned to those [purposes] .

These group functions are what the organization itself needs to fulfil its purpose .
these group [purposes] are what the organization itself needs to fulfil its purpose .

These categories were grouped according to whether they furthered the task functions or whether they aided inter-personal relations , or socio-emotional functions , as Bales called them .
these categories were grouped according to whether they furthered the task [purposes] or whether they aided inter-personal relations , or socio-emotional [purposes] , as bales called them .

The prime advantages are that a group develops a high level of cohesiveness and a high regard for its task functions .
the prime advantages are that a group develops a high level of cohesiveness and a high regard for its task [purposes] .

Most integrated circuits are what are called ‘ general purpose chips ’ with circuits designed to handle one or more major functions of the host device ( eg microcomputer , washing-machine programmer etc ) .
most integrated circuits are what are called ‘ general purpose chips ’ with circuits designed to handle one or more major [purposes] of the host device ( eg microcomputer , washing-machine programmer etc ) .

This point of view is in line with a systems approach to organizations , where the distinction between line and staff functions is rather academic , since all functions contribute to the success of the enterprise .
this point of view is in line with a systems approach to organizations , where the distinction between line and staff [purposes] is rather academic , since all [purposes] contribute to the success of the enterprise .

Undoubtedly , certain functions , such as marketing and production , are of particular importance to business organizations , but they themselves rely heavily on other functions such as accounting and personnel in order to achieve their objectives .
undoubtedly , certain [purposes] , such as marketing and production , are of particular importance to business organizations , but they themselves rely heavily on other [purposes] such as accounting and personnel in order to achieve their objectives .

As the Institute of Marketing definition said earlier , one of the key functions of marketing is ‘ moving the product or service to the final consumer … ’ This is the purpose of distribution .
as the institute of marketing definition said earlier , one of the key [purposes] of marketing is ‘ moving the product or service to the final consumer … ’ this is the purpose of distribution .

In recent years a number of attempts to integrate and coordinate these functions has come to be called Physical Distribution Management .
in recent years a number of attempts to integrate and coordinate these [purposes] has come to be called physical distribution management .

In market-orientated organizations , marketing encompasses all the marketing and sales functions .
in market-orientated organizations , marketing encompasses all the marketing and sales [purposes] .

Its object was to show the comparative structure and functions of organs throughout the animal kingdom .
its object was to show the comparative structure and [purposes] of organs throughout the animal kingdom .

The atomic theory thus came by the 1860s to have two functions : it might be a fundamental theory of matter , about which it was appropriate to argue in a very general way ; or it might be a teaching aid , helpful to students who learned it as a dogma because it made sense of a great number of facts .
the atomic theory thus came by the 1860s to have two [purposes] : it might be a fundamental theory of matter , about which it was appropriate to argue in a very general way ; or it might be a teaching aid , helpful to students who learned it as a dogma because it made sense of a great number of facts .

Thermodynamics by contrast is a highly mathematical branch of physics , concerned with relations of heat and work , and conservation of energy really functions in it not as a law but as an axiom : as one of the bases for the deductive , mathematical system .
thermodynamics by contrast is a highly mathematical branch of physics , concerned with relations of heat and work , and conservation of energy really [purposes] in it not as a law but as an axiom : as one of the bases for the deductive , mathematical system .

He sought to show that legal conceptions are the product of historical development ; but in particular he indicated how law functions as a framework within which we move .
he sought to show that legal conceptions are the product of historical development ; but in particular he indicated how law [purposes] as a framework within which we move .

Time-signals , geophysical measurements , weather reporting and the testing of chronometers were among the functions which they discharged .
time-signals , geophysical measurements , weather reporting and the testing of chronometers were among the [purposes] which they discharged .

The Chemical Society represented academic chemists , but had not performed any of the professional ‘ trade union ’ functions of fixing fees , ensuring that only the duly qualified were allowed to do public analyses , and so on .
the chemical society represented academic chemists , but had not performed any of the professional ‘ trade union ’ [purposes] of fixing fees , ensuring that only the duly qualified were allowed to do public analyses , and so on .

Until the 1980s , however , its development was limited to executive functions where inputs and outputs could be most easily identified and aligned ( see Treasury and Civil Service Committee , 1982 , vol .
until the 1980s , however , its development was limited to executive [purposes] where inputs and outputs could be most easily identified and aligned ( see treasury and civil service committee , 1982 , vol .

Their functions were transferred partly to lower-tier authorities , partly to new single-purpose joint authorities and in part to the Secretary of State .
their [purposes] were transferred partly to lower-tier authorities , partly to new single-purpose joint authorities and in part to the secretary of state .

The above factors also produced wide disparities between local authorities of the same type , often producing a mismatch between resources and functions .
the above factors also produced wide disparities between local authorities of the same type , often producing a mismatch between resources and [purposes] .

Parish councils ( community councils in Wales ) made up the third tier which had both minor service and advisory functions at grass-roots level .
parish councils ( community councils in wales ) made up the third tier which had both minor service and advisory [purposes] at grass-roots level .

Additionally , in some urban areas neighbourhood councils have been formed but these have no statutory functions and merely provide a sounding board for local opinion .
additionally , in some urban areas neighbourhood councils have been formed but these have no statutory [purposes] and merely provide a sounding board for local opinion .

The functions of local authorities
the [purposes] of local authorities

Indeed , local government itself exists only by courtesy of Parliament and Parliament frequently alters its powers and functions .
indeed , local government itself exists only by courtesy of parliament and parliament frequently alters its powers and [purposes] .

Nevertheless , despite the advent of ‘ contracting out ’ , local authorities still carry out over fifty functions ; indeed , the average British citizen probably has more contact with the state through the services provided by local government than through the outputs of any other level of public administration .
nevertheless , despite the advent of ‘ contracting out ’ , local authorities still carry out over fifty [purposes] ; indeed , the average british citizen probably has more contact with the state through the services provided by local government than through the outputs of any other level of public administration .

Not all functions , moreover , are mandatory upon local authorities ; some , like the provision of leisure centres , art galleries and playing fields are permissive ( which means the authority has a choice whether or not to provide them ) .
not all [purposes] , moreover , are mandatory upon local authorities ; some , like the provision of leisure centres , art galleries and playing fields are permissive ( which means the authority has a choice whether or not to provide them ) .

Although a complex and costly procedure , over the years many authorities have acquired powers by this means to perform particular functions in their localities : for example , to maintain the external decoration of listed buildings ( Kensington and Chelsea ) , and to operate a municipal bank ( Birmingham ) .
although a complex and costly procedure , over the years many authorities have acquired powers by this means to perform particular [purposes] in their localities : for example , to maintain the external decoration of listed buildings ( kensington and chelsea ) , and to operate a municipal bank ( birmingham ) .

Consequently , while local authorities in Britain do not have a ‘ general competence ’ to do whatever they wish in their local areas , the variation in functions and standards between one authority and another may be considerable — to an extent which seemingly belies the simplicity of lists of services such as those contained in Figures 8.4 and 8.5 .
consequently , while local authorities in britain do not have a ‘ general competence ’ to do whatever they wish in their local areas , the variation in [purposes] and standards between one authority and another may be considerable — to an extent which seemingly belies the simplicity of lists of services such as those contained in figures 8.4 and 8.5 .

At reorganization in 1974 the functions of local government were split between four main organizational units — counties , districts , health authorities and water authorities — and relatively sophisticated consultative machinery had to be established in many areas in order to obtain local co-ordinated action .
at reorganization in 1974 the [purposes] of local government were split between four main organizational units — counties , districts , health authorities and water authorities — and relatively sophisticated consultative machinery had to be established in many areas in order to obtain local co-ordinated action .

Section 101 of the Local Government Act , 1972 , makes it possible for one authority to appoint another as its agent to carry out its statutory duties — this applies to all functions except education , social services and emergency services .
section 101 of the local government act , 1972 , makes it possible for one authority to appoint another as its agent to carry out its statutory duties — this applies to all [purposes] except education , social services and emergency services .

As Alexander ( 1982 , p. 30 ) notes , agency agreements , superimposed ‘ on an already complicated allocation ’ of local authority functions , have added to the confusion experienced by consumers in service provision and ‘ ensured that the processes of public accountability and democratic control would be so convoluted as to raise serious doubts about their effectiveness ’ .
as alexander ( 1982 , p. 30 ) notes , agency agreements , superimposed ‘ on an already complicated allocation ’ of local authority [purposes] , have added to the confusion experienced by consumers in service provision and ‘ ensured that the processes of public accountability and democratic control would be so convoluted as to raise serious doubts about their effectiveness ’ .

The fragmentation of council functions between different departments and committees produced in many authorities prior to the 1970s ‘ a loose confederation of disparate activities ’ which , in the view of the Maud Committee on the Management of Local Government ( Maud Report , 1967 , vol .
the fragmentation of council [purposes] between different departments and committees produced in many authorities prior to the 1970s ‘ a loose confederation of disparate activities ’ which , in the view of the maud committee on the management of local government ( maud report , 1967 , vol .

Committees would only be deliberative , making recommendations to the management board , which would perform functions similar to those of the Cabinet in central government .
committees would only be deliberative , making recommendations to the management board , which would perform [purposes] similar to those of the cabinet in central government .

At an informal level officers and councillors meet frequently at civic functions , receptions and so forth as well as before and after official meetings , and this too , serves to blur the formal relationship between them .
at an informal level officers and councillors meet frequently at civic [purposes] , receptions and so forth as well as before and after official meetings , and this too , serves to blur the formal relationship between them .

Ultra vires is obviously a restrictive doctrine ( although local authorities are permitted to raise a 2p rate to finance functions not specifically authorized by statute ) .
ultra vires is obviously a restrictive doctrine ( although local authorities are permitted to raise a 2p rate to finance [purposes] not specifically authorized by statute ) .

Likewise , ministers exercise various appellate functions in adjudicating between citizens and local authorities ( such as appeals against a local authority 's refusal of planning permission ) .
likewise , ministers exercise various appellate [purposes] in adjudicating between citizens and local authorities ( such as appeals against a local authority 's refusal of planning permission ) .

Despite the quasi-judicial character of the process it is likely that his appellate functions serve to ‘ heighten a minister 's perception of his supervisory role ’ ( Boynton , 1982 , p. 205 ) .
despite the quasi-judicial character of the process it is likely that his appellate [purposes] serve to ‘ heighten a minister 's perception of his supervisory role ’ ( boynton , 1982 , p. 205 ) .

These include the Hops Marketing Board and the Nature Conservancy Council , for example , and are justified with the argument that certain functions can best be carried out at arm 's length from central government :
these include the hops marketing board and the nature conservancy council , for example , and are justified with the argument that certain [purposes] can best be carried out at arm 's length from central government :

because the work is more effectively carried out by a single-purpose organization rather than by a government department with a wide range of functions ;
because the work is more effectively carried out by a single-purpose organization rather than by a government department with a wide range of [purposes] ;

to put the performance of particular functions outside direct party political control .
to put the performance of particular [purposes] outside direct party political control .

The ‘ agencies ’ proposed in the Ibbs Next Steps Report ( see Chapter 2 ) , for example , are seen as an alternative to government departments for the delivery of a wide range of executive functions in line with the Thatcher government 's emphasis on ‘ value for money ’ .
the ‘ agencies ’ proposed in the ibbs next steps report ( see chapter 2 ) , for example , are seen as an alternative to government departments for the delivery of a wide range of executive [purposes] in line with the thatcher government 's emphasis on ‘ value for money ’ .

Significantly , they seem likely to bear many of the problems ( such as accountability ) already associated with non-departmental public bodies , as well as many of the hallmarks : the delegation of functions to specialist agencies , broad policy determined by government ; and an arm 's length relationship with departments .
significantly , they seem likely to bear many of the problems ( such as accountability ) already associated with non-departmental public bodies , as well as many of the hallmarks : the delegation of [purposes] to specialist agencies , broad policy determined by government ; and an arm 's length relationship with departments .

This account is clearly an attempt to develop an objective theory of how society functions , and it delimits the scope for autonomous action by individuals .
this account is clearly an attempt to develop an objective theory of how society [purposes] , and it delimits the scope for autonomous action by individuals .

The state is then a complex ‘ institutional ensemble which functions to organise the hegemony within the power bloc of the dominant class by mobilising the active consent of the dominated .
the state is then a complex ‘ institutional ensemble which [purposes] to organise the hegemony within the power bloc of the dominant class by mobilising the active consent of the dominated .

Mosca uses the term ‘ ruling class ’ to denote the permanent group of organised rulers in society , but his use of the term ‘ class ’ introduces an element of confusion in that his ‘ ruling class ’ is very different in its functions and internal characteristics from those of the Marxist usage .
mosca uses the term ‘ ruling class ’ to denote the permanent group of organised rulers in society , but his use of the term ‘ class ’ introduces an element of confusion in that his ‘ ruling class ’ is very different in its [purposes] and internal characteristics from those of the marxist usage .

Few elitists now hold to the notion of a single dominant elite effectively exercising or directing the exercise of all important functions , and few now use the term ‘ elite ’ as the all-embracing explanatory concept which it is for the classical theorists .
few elitists now hold to the notion of a single dominant elite effectively exercising or directing the exercise of all important [purposes] , and few now use the term ‘ elite ’ as the all-embracing explanatory concept which it is for the classical theorists .

Mainstream elitism is now represented by writers such as Keller and Aron , as we discussed earlier ; this refers mainly to the interactions and functions of ruling and strategic elites , and though it differs in emphasis from earlier writings , these writers appear to have normative assumptions not radically removed from those of the classical elite theorists .
mainstream elitism is now represented by writers such as keller and aron , as we discussed earlier ; this refers mainly to the interactions and [purposes] of ruling and strategic elites , and though it differs in emphasis from earlier writings , these writers appear to have normative assumptions not radically removed from those of the classical elite theorists .

‘ Power ’ is not central to orthodox elite analysis ; structures , constraints , functions and ideology all may play their part in elite theories , but ‘ power ’ ( except in self-confessed revisionists of pluralism like Presthus and Bachrach ) , if not quite the grand absentee , is understood as given in a particular way .
‘ power ’ is not central to orthodox elite analysis ; structures , constraints , [purposes] and ideology all may play their part in elite theories , but ‘ power ’ ( except in self-confessed revisionists of pluralism like presthus and bachrach ) , if not quite the grand absentee , is understood as given in a particular way .

Domestically , Smith argues that military expenditure also serves important functions for the maintenance of capitalism .
domestically , smith argues that military expenditure also serves important [purposes] for the maintenance of capitalism .

Rose points to a developmental model of the growth of government which suggests that governments usually begin by adopting what he terms defining functions ' .
rose points to a developmental model of the growth of government which suggests that governments usually begin by adopting what he terms defining [purposes] ' .

Defining functions , such as defence , internal law and order and tax collection are the sine qua non priorities of the state .
defining [purposes] , such as defence , internal law and order and tax collection are the sine qua non priorities of the state .

Without these functions the state would simply cease to exist .
without these [purposes] the state would simply cease to exist .

Once the state has provided internal and external order , it begins to expand its functions outside the defining field into ‘ resource mobilisation ’ — creating the right conditions for the economic prosperity of the country through the development of roads and communications .
once the state has provided internal and external order , it begins to expand its [purposes] outside the defining field into ‘ resource mobilisation ’ — creating the right conditions for the economic prosperity of the country through the development of roads and communications .

Different functions and properties can be distributed between different cells ; some for instance become contractile , whilst others specialize in synthesizing and secreting the chemical signals .
different [purposes] and properties can be distributed between different cells ; some for instance become contractile , whilst others specialize in synthesizing and secreting the chemical signals .

Hence this type of learning could not be achieved by mere transient modulation of transmitter release ; new proteins were being made , and it was necessary to discover which they were and what their cellular functions were .
hence this type of learning could not be achieved by mere transient modulation of transmitter release ; new proteins were being made , and it was necessary to discover which they were and what their cellular [purposes] were .

An adaptation is a modification of the genome resulting in structures , functions or behaviour patterns that increase the probability of an organism surviving and reproducing in a particular environment .
an adaptation is a modification of the genome resulting in structures , [purposes] or behaviour patterns that increase the probability of an organism surviving and reproducing in a particular environment .

She was the indulged only child of wealthy parents and had spent her days playing golf or tennis or riding , and her evenings at various social functions .
she was the indulged only child of wealthy parents and had spent her days playing golf or tennis or riding , and her evenings at various social [purposes] .

‘ You 're forgetting — the Bridge functions are not controlled by human technology .
‘ you 're forgetting — the bridge [purposes] are not controlled by human technology .

In a turbulent economy , the planning and control functions turned out to be mutually incompatible .
in a turbulent economy , the planning and control [purposes] turned out to be mutually incompatible .

Local authorities must have their accounts vetted in the same way , but district auditors — appointed by central government — have additional functions .
local authorities must have their accounts vetted in the same way , but district auditors — appointed by central government — have additional [purposes] .

The functions of the district auditor were reviewed by the Layfield Committee ( 1976 ) and revised by the Local Government Finance Act , 1982 .
the [purposes] of the district auditor were reviewed by the layfield committee ( 1976 ) and revised by the local government finance act , 1982 .

( Similar functions are performed in Scotland . )
( similar [purposes] are performed in scotland . )

In this century , and especially in the 1950s , the inspectors ' functions became more concerned with giving professional advice and spreading good practice .
in this century , and especially in the 1950s , the inspectors ' [purposes] became more concerned with giving professional advice and spreading good practice .

Many functions are mandatory .
many [purposes] are mandatory .

Many of the social workers ' functions require them to act as controlling agents , or in the interests of children against irresponsible or cruel parents , or to safeguard the community against a dangerous or disruptive mentally ill person .
many of the social workers ' [purposes] require them to act as controlling agents , or in the interests of children against irresponsible or cruel parents , or to safeguard the community against a dangerous or disruptive mentally ill person .

If tax-relief-induced donations did not go to pay for mainline social service functions and elected representatives still felt it necessary to continue to provide them , they would have a lower tax base on which to raise the revenue .
if tax-relief-induced donations did not go to pay for mainline social service [purposes] and elected representatives still felt it necessary to continue to provide them , they would have a lower tax base on which to raise the revenue .

In this case they are less able to perform their exclusive and critical functions 1–3 .
in this case they are less able to perform their exclusive and critical [purposes] 1–3 .

They extended their functions to holding surgeries with dispensaries and to visiting the sick at home .
they extended their [purposes] to holding surgeries with dispensaries and to visiting the sick at home .

This was because players invariably came from the local community and , by meeting fans in pubs , clubs and at civic functions , somehow seemed accountable to them .
this was because players invariably came from the local community and , by meeting fans in pubs , clubs and at civic [purposes] , somehow seemed accountable to them .

She states in an initial survey of the various theories of metaphor that those of most philosophers are of little interest to her because they treat metaphor from the point of view of its semantic content , ignoring the way it functions linguistically ( 1955a:45 , 1958a:15 ) .
she states in an initial survey of the various theories of metaphor that those of most philosophers are of little interest to her because they treat metaphor from the point of view of its semantic content , ignoring the way it [purposes] linguistically ( 1955a:45 , 1958a:15 ) .

The motto of the new era is ‘ diagnosis prognosticates aetiology ’ , a phrase which is repeated by members of the ruling races in such varied contexts that it becomes evident that no one really bothers to think about it . It functions as a ‘ master metaphor ’ , the encapsulation of an ideology which structures all domains of thought :
the motto of the new era is ‘ diagnosis prognosticates aetiology ’ , a phrase which is repeated by members of the ruling races in such varied contexts that it becomes evident that no one really bothers to think about it . it [purposes] as a ‘ master metaphor ’ , the encapsulation of an ideology which structures all domains of thought :

In the meantime , we are content to know how the thing functions .
in the meantime , we are content to know how the thing [purposes] .

As described by one character , this catch-all phrase is ‘ a short way of saying that they do n't claim to find either the ultimate cause or the ultimate cure , but they do know exactly how it functions , and can prescribe accordingly ’ ( 149/151 ) .
as described by one character , this catch-all phrase is ‘ a short way of saying that they do n't claim to find either the ultimate cause or the ultimate cure , but they do know exactly how it [purposes] , and can prescribe accordingly ’ ( 149/151 ) .

Unless perhaps a certain period has already elapsed since that episode , if indeed it occurred . The flies may have been a product of the fine network that functions in depth , in which case they will certainly have got caught in the cobwebs. ( 21/23 )
unless perhaps a certain period has already elapsed since that episode , if indeed it occurred . the flies may have been a product of the fine network that [purposes] in depth , in which case they will certainly have got caught in the cobwebs. ( 21/23 )

As in Propp 's folktales , characters in Thru are variables while their functions are constants .
as in propp 's folktales , characters in thru are variables while their [purposes] are constants .

But there is ample evidence in the novel , in addition to the flawed mirror , to suggest that it is Irigaray 's version , not Lacan 's , that functions as Thru 's theoretical ‘ deep structure ’ .
but there is ample evidence in the novel , in addition to the flawed mirror , to suggest that it is irigaray 's version , not lacan 's , that [purposes] as thru 's theoretical ‘ deep structure ’ .

The mythical story of Cassandra functions as an allegory for the fate of alternative forms of language use ; truthful but ‘ unheeded and unhinged ’ ( 12,144 ) , the figure of Cassandra is an example of the extreme to which women 's frustration at not being heard can push them .
the mythical story of cassandra [purposes] as an allegory for the fate of alternative forms of language use ; truthful but ‘ unheeded and unhinged ’ ( 12,144 ) , the figure of cassandra is an example of the extreme to which women 's frustration at not being heard can push them .

Richard Martin shows that redundancy in Amalgamemnon functions as a catalyst for creative generation through variation and elaboration ( 1989b:180 et passim ) .
richard martin shows that redundancy in amalgamemnon [purposes] as a catalyst for creative generation through variation and elaboration ( 1989b:180 et passim ) .

The ‘ reduction ’ of characters to functions or ‘ ghosts ’ does not threaten their vitality ; as fictions they survive and ‘ wander the streets ’ even when the physical world is severely altered .
the ‘ reduction ’ of characters to [purposes] or ‘ ghosts ’ does not threaten their vitality ; as fictions they survive and ‘ wander the streets ’ even when the physical world is severely altered .

McHale points out that ‘ a character 's knowledge of his own fictionality often functions as a kind of master-trope for determinism — cultural , historical , psychological determinism , but especially the inevitability of death ’ ( 123 ) .
mchale points out that ‘ a character 's knowledge of his own fictionality often [purposes] as a kind of master-trope for determinism — cultural , historical , psychological determinism , but especially the inevitability of death ’ ( 123 ) .

The interpreter Kelly functions as a surrogate for the reader who is ashamed of his or her literary ignorance : ‘ Gaps , so many gaps in her reading , she 'll never catch up ’ ( 42 ) .
the interpreter kelly [purposes] as a surrogate for the reader who is ashamed of his or her literary ignorance : ‘ gaps , so many gaps in her reading , she 'll never catch up ’ ( 42 ) .

One problem with statistics of recorded crime is that they are functions both of police administrative practices and of the public 's propensity to report offences .
one problem with statistics of recorded crime is that they are [purposes] both of police administrative practices and of the public 's propensity to report offences .

For this reason in the downswing of the cycle , the sources for an increase in severity of punishment should not be sought either in specific ‘ economic ’ functions , such as the control of an increasing mass of the unemployed , or in specific motives of individual agents of social control , such as the common belief that unemployment causes crime .
for this reason in the downswing of the cycle , the sources for an increase in severity of punishment should not be sought either in specific ‘ economic ’ [purposes] , such as the control of an increasing mass of the unemployed , or in specific motives of individual agents of social control , such as the common belief that unemployment causes crime .

organisations of people carrying out crucial authority functions , within the English bourgeois state , in particular local magistrates , local police chiefs , police federation representatives and senior traditional schoolmasters . ( Taylor 1987 , p.312 )
organisations of people carrying out crucial authority [purposes] , within the english bourgeois state , in particular local magistrates , local police chiefs , police federation representatives and senior traditional schoolmasters . ( taylor 1987 , p.312 )

Taylor ( 1987 ) has interestingly suggested that the key roles played by organisations in the law and order debate , were those with crucial authority functions within the British State .
taylor ( 1987 ) has interestingly suggested that the key roles played by organisations in the law and order debate , were those with crucial authority [purposes] within the british state .

One is that Credit Management functions to some extent as a trade paper as well as in its primary role as an Institute Journal .
one is that credit management [purposes] to some extent as a trade paper as well as in its primary role as an institute journal .

The local authorities ' functions would be in the planning , coordination , regulation and finance of community care , rather than its direct provision .
the local authorities ' [purposes] would be in the planning , coordination , regulation and finance of community care , rather than its direct provision .

To devolve responsibility for the kind of social services we currently enjoy to a mass of informal , ill-organised groups and organisations would constitute so great a dismantling of the personal social services system as to leave its functions solely to hidden providers of informal care .
to devolve responsibility for the kind of social services we currently enjoy to a mass of informal , ill-organised groups and organisations would constitute so great a dismantling of the personal social services system as to leave its [purposes] solely to hidden providers of informal care .

Useful points to look for are cord/cordless functions and travel cases so the shaver can be charged up and used while travelling .
useful points to look for are cord/cordless [purposes] and travel cases so the shaver can be charged up and used while travelling .

Freestylers ' lives are many-faceted . Julia Snell describes some of the functions they have to perform off the slopes
freestylers ' lives are many-faceted . julia snell describes some of the [purposes] they have to perform off the slopes

As a sponsored athlete you become involved in a variety of promotional activities , from press conferences and hospitality functions , to launching new products and public speaking .
as a sponsored athlete you become involved in a variety of promotional activities , from press conferences and hospitality [purposes] , to launching new products and public speaking .

They raise money for village development projects , clean public buildings and help with the catering for conferences and state functions .
they raise money for village development projects , clean public buildings and help with the catering for conferences and state [purposes] .

In the new world order , it may well be that nationalism functions as the opposition to that order , the main source of resistance and challenge to large and more or less integrated blocks of power .
in the new world order , it may well be that nationalism [purposes] as the opposition to that order , the main source of resistance and challenge to large and more or less integrated blocks of power .

He concluded : ‘ But in my judgment the powers to seize and retain are conferred for the better performances of public functions by public bodies and can not be used to make information available to private individuals for their private purposes .
he concluded : ‘ but in my judgment the powers to seize and retain are conferred for the better performances of public [purposes] by public bodies and can not be used to make information available to private individuals for their private purposes .

There are plans to illuminate the outside of the house so that it will be possible , from time to time , to admit visitors after dark and to hold evening functions .
there are plans to illuminate the outside of the house so that it will be possible , from time to time , to admit visitors after dark and to hold evening [purposes] .

Each month students will explore a different aspect of garden design , beginning by establishing the different functions which a garden is to fulfil and moving on to study access routes and boundaries , changes in level , colour theory , designing for seasonal variation , and the use of water and architectural features .
each month students will explore a different aspect of garden design , beginning by establishing the different [purposes] which a garden is to fulfil and moving on to study access routes and boundaries , changes in level , colour theory , designing for seasonal variation , and the use of water and architectural features .

One of the many functions of local councils is the care and maintenance of local parks and commons etc , used by the public for recreation purposes .
one of the many [purposes] of local councils is the care and maintenance of local parks and commons etc , used by the public for recreation purposes .

One concern is simply the common withdrawal of headquarters functions from the North when a firm is taken over from the South ( Watts , 1989 ) .
one concern is simply the common withdrawal of headquarters [purposes] from the north when a firm is taken over from the south ( watts , 1989 ) .

Campaigners against the regulations were working to undermine the time-honoured alliance between medicine and morality but the healer who deployed his art ‘ honourably and fully ’ could never be in antagonism with divine law.It was believed that the curative functions of medicine provided their own moral guarantee .
campaigners against the regulations were working to undermine the time-honoured alliance between medicine and morality but the healer who deployed his art ‘ honourably and fully ’ could never be in antagonism with divine law.it was believed that the curative [purposes] of medicine provided their own moral guarantee .

Equally for Ryan , a moderate exercise of the sexual function for both marriage partners was essential to good health as well as conjugal happiness regulating ‘ the functions of the brain or nervous system and consequently of the whole body ’ .
equally for ryan , a moderate exercise of the sexual function for both marriage partners was essential to good health as well as conjugal happiness regulating ‘ the [purposes] of the brain or nervous system and consequently of the whole body ’ .

Acton 's 1875 edition of The Functions and Disorders of the Reproductive System carried a diatribe against the revolting and intolerable insubordination now suffered by husbands from their wives .
acton 's 1875 edition of the [purposes] and disorders of the reproductive system carried a diatribe against the revolting and intolerable insubordination now suffered by husbands from their wives .

These male fantasies reduced working women to a series of purely physical functions organized around sex .
these male fantasies reduced working women to a series of purely physical [purposes] organized around sex .

We can not expect teachers of science , history of geography to accept that they need to know about , say , the nature of language or the multiplicity of its functions , unless we can show how the need for this knowledge derives — by a chain of relevance sufficiently direct to be convincing — from their own search for greater pedagogic effectiveness .
we can not expect teachers of science , history of geography to accept that they need to know about , say , the nature of language or the multiplicity of its [purposes] , unless we can show how the need for this knowledge derives — by a chain of relevance sufficiently direct to be convincing — from their own search for greater pedagogic effectiveness .

The functions of language .
the [purposes] of language .

The pedagogical frame of reference — which ought to describe and define the functions that the knowledge will serve — is not taken into account .
the pedagogical frame of reference — which ought to describe and define the [purposes] that the knowledge will serve — is not taken into account .

It is clear from these various documents that amongst non- language teachers who are aware of the importance of linguistic factors , the main focus of interest is not on linguistically- based concepts like language variation , language functions or models of language .
it is clear from these various documents that amongst non- language teachers who are aware of the importance of linguistic factors , the main focus of interest is not on linguistically- based concepts like language variation , language [purposes] or models of language .

It can give teachers more insights into the kinds of communication skills that school demands from children but which many children may not possess e.g. the ability to process context-independent speech , to use language for certain intellectual functions or to process certain kinds of written language ( see Perera , 1982 ) .
it can give teachers more insights into the kinds of communication skills that school demands from children but which many children may not possess e.g. the ability to process context-independent speech , to use language for certain intellectual [purposes] or to process certain kinds of written language ( see perera , 1982 ) .

The two functions of initial and in-service education are clearly interrelated and can not be carried out in isolation from each other .
the two [purposes] of initial and in-service education are clearly interrelated and can not be carried out in isolation from each other .

Language in Society : — the basis of authority and acceptability with reference to pronunciation , grammar , and meaning : the functions of language : the relation between language and social class ; language and educability ; language interaction in the classroom .
language in society : — the basis of authority and acceptability with reference to pronunciation , grammar , and meaning : the [purposes] of language : the relation between language and social class ; language and educability ; language interaction in the classroom .

Functions of Language : a study of the ways in which language is used , and of some of the ways in which language functions have been classified .
[purposes] of language : a study of the ways in which language is used , and of some of the ways in which language [purposes] have been classified .

In addition , it is the aim of this course to extend students ' understanding of the structure and functions of English by focusing on the problems of teaching and learning the language in a variety of settings .
in addition , it is the aim of this course to extend students ' understanding of the structure and [purposes] of english by focusing on the problems of teaching and learning the language in a variety of settings .

They will have to learn how to present new lexis , structure and discourse forms appropriate to the tasks to be set in the assessments ; to construct cue cards for the practice of the language functions ; to manage the moves from class teacher to pair work organiser and to individual helper ; and to carry out the assessments in a rigorous manner .
they will have to learn how to present new lexis , structure and discourse forms appropriate to the tasks to be set in the assessments ; to construct cue cards for the practice of the language [purposes] ; to manage the moves from class teacher to pair work organiser and to individual helper ; and to carry out the assessments in a rigorous manner .

The second half of the first term emphasises workshop approaches , where the nature of both ‘ poetry ’ , and of ‘ narrative storying ’ , as products of one of the functions of language , are explored .
the second half of the first term emphasises workshop approaches , where the nature of both ‘ poetry ’ , and of ‘ narrative storying ’ , as products of one of the [purposes] of language , are explored .

In 1974 further functions were taken away : 10 regional water authorities became responsible for water supply and sewerage .
in 1974 further [purposes] were taken away : 10 regional water authorities became responsible for water supply and sewerage .

So we had a paradox : local government was losing functions , yet the continued exercise of monopoly power by local authorities attracted increasing opposition .
so we had a paradox : local government was losing [purposes] , yet the continued exercise of monopoly power by local authorities attracted increasing opposition .

She uses her tears as a natural antidote to tension and stress , which is one of their most important functions .
she uses her tears as a natural antidote to tension and stress , which is one of their most important [purposes] .

They wash them , help them perform the intimate functions of relieving bladder and bowels , change dressings on wounds , give medicine , help them take their first steps after an operation , make beds , waken them up , tell them to go to sleep , close their eyes when they die .
they wash them , help them perform the intimate [purposes] of relieving bladder and bowels , change dressings on wounds , give medicine , help them take their first steps after an operation , make beds , waken them up , tell them to go to sleep , close their eyes when they die .

The blocking of natural functions can damage our health .
the blocking of natural [purposes] can damage our health .

This holding-back plays havoc with bodily functions , and research is continually showing us new relationships between stress and our physiology .
this holding-back plays havoc with bodily [purposes] , and research is continually showing us new relationships between stress and our physiology .

There are basically two functions for high-bay warehouses : —
there are basically two [purposes] for high-bay warehouses : —

the possible loss of the contents in store or the equipment to process the ancillary functions , or ,
the possible loss of the contents in store or the equipment to process the ancillary [purposes] , or ,

Where the warehouse is primarily used for storage and distribution the supporting accommodation can comprise , receiving , and dispatch vehicle departments , with typical ‘ garage ’ type risks , the office accommodation to support these functions , as well as the offices for the ‘ paper-work ’ such as receipts of goods , retrieval/dispatch documentation and invoicing etc .
where the warehouse is primarily used for storage and distribution the supporting accommodation can comprise , receiving , and dispatch vehicle departments , with typical ‘ garage ’ type risks , the office accommodation to support these [purposes] , as well as the offices for the ‘ paper-work ’ such as receipts of goods , retrieval/dispatch documentation and invoicing etc .

It becomes clear immediately that the task of detection , location and extinction of the fire falls predominantly on the automatic system , which must be designed to perform these three functions in adequate measure if substantial loss is to be avoided .
it becomes clear immediately that the task of detection , location and extinction of the fire falls predominantly on the automatic system , which must be designed to perform these three [purposes] in adequate measure if substantial loss is to be avoided .

So much so , that the cultural function of higher education was one of the four functions identified as the core of Robbins ' idea of higher education .
so much so , that the cultural function of higher education was one of the four [purposes] identified as the core of robbins ' idea of higher education .

It would be a contradictory state of affairs to believe that higher education could maintain one kind of culture within itself and could underpin a quite different kind of culture within society at large : there could not be any fundamental incongruity between these two cultural functions of higher education .
it would be a contradictory state of affairs to believe that higher education could maintain one kind of culture within itself and could underpin a quite different kind of culture within society at large : there could not be any fundamental incongruity between these two cultural [purposes] of higher education .

These ideas and the systems associated with them carried over well into the twentieth century , but we also see steadily developing the view that higher education has more limited functions .
these ideas and the systems associated with them carried over well into the twentieth century , but we also see steadily developing the view that higher education has more limited [purposes] .

The surface of the tablet can be programmed to act as a menu that selects standard options from the program so that the keyboard need only be used for selecting the main functions .
the surface of the tablet can be programmed to act as a menu that selects standard options from the program so that the keyboard need only be used for selecting the main [purposes] .

The surface of the tablet can also be programmed to act as a menu that selects standard options from the program so that the keyboard need only be used for selecting major functions or entering text .
the surface of the tablet can also be programmed to act as a menu that selects standard options from the program so that the keyboard need only be used for selecting major [purposes] or entering text .

All of the Spectrum keys are used by the program , most with two functions , a fact that is fairly strange given the presence of the menu panel on the tablet .
all of the spectrum keys are used by the program , most with two [purposes] , a fact that is fairly strange given the presence of the menu panel on the tablet .

pictorial images used on screen to indicate utility functions , files , folders or applications software .
pictorial images used on screen to indicate utility [purposes] , files , folders or applications software .

programs which allow the user to request functions by choosing from a list of options .
programs which allow the user to request [purposes] by choosing from a list of options .

Generally fitted with one , two or three buttons which can control specific software functions .
generally fitted with one , two or three buttons which can control specific software [purposes] .

The look and feel of the Mac are preserved , though , with both mouse and keyboard commands for most functions .
the look and feel of the mac are preserved , though , with both mouse and keyboard commands for most [purposes] .

Among the other differences are the ability to quickly and easily lock text to any arbitrary path ( and see the result on screen ) and the provision for custom PostScript functions to be built into the illustration .
among the other differences are the ability to quickly and easily lock text to any arbitrary path ( and see the result on screen ) and the provision for custom postscript [purposes] to be built into the illustration .

Almost without exception these packages , if one can still call them that , are based around the spreadsheet and provide overlays to offer additional functions such as word processing , data base and communications .
almost without exception these packages , if one can still call them that , are based around the spreadsheet and provide overlays to offer additional [purposes] such as word processing , data base and communications .

The use of a mouse with its linked screen pointer to select programs , copy disks and carry out any of a thousand functions is now part and parcel of everyday computer life .
the use of a mouse with its linked screen pointer to select programs , copy disks and carry out any of a thousand [purposes] is now part and parcel of everyday computer life .

Quite apart from the fact that they are bound to be different something approaching 60 % of the basic functions will be identical ; loading , saving , printing , editing , type selection , etc .
quite apart from the fact that they are bound to be different something approaching 60 % of the basic [purposes] will be identical ; loading , saving , printing , editing , type selection , etc .

There are , to my mind , a number of specific functions that a TechDoc system must provide if it is to be considered a member of the fraternity .
there are , to my mind , a number of specific [purposes] that a techdoc system must provide if it is to be considered a member of the fraternity .

The process of management and the functions of management have been analysed many times in various ways by different writers , who have taken the view that :
the process of management and the [purposes] of management have been analysed many times in various ways by different writers , who have taken the view that :

management is an operational process , which can be understood by a close study of management functions ; and
management is an operational process , which can be understood by a close study of management [purposes] ; and

Henri Fayol , a French management theorist working in the early decades of this century , listed the functions of management as follows :
henri fayol , a french management theorist working in the early decades of this century , listed the [purposes] of management as follows :

Fayol 's analysis of management functions is only one of several similar types of analysis .
fayol 's analysis of management [purposes] is only one of several similar types of analysis .

Other functions which might bc identified , for example , are staffing ( ie .
other [purposes] which might bc identified , for example , are staffing ( ie .

Leadership would also be listed as one of the functions of management .
leadership would also be listed as one of the [purposes] of management .

The leader has special functions and can not therefore behave as an ordinary group member ( ie be ‘ one of the boys ’ ) .
the leader has special [purposes] and can not therefore behave as an ordinary group member ( ie be ‘ one of the boys ’ ) .

the impact of the decision on other departments or functions , or on the business as a whole .
the impact of the decision on other departments or [purposes] , or on the business as a whole .

If it affects more than one function , the decision must be taken by a manager senior enough to provide consultation with and cooperation with the other functions affected by the business .
if it affects more than one function , the decision must be taken by a manager senior enough to provide consultation with and cooperation with the other [purposes] affected by the business .

Centralised control enables an organisation to maintain a balance between different functions or departments .
centralised control enables an organisation to maintain a balance between different [purposes] or departments .

Senior management can keep a proper balance between different departments or functions eg. by deciding on the resources to allocate to each .
senior management can keep a proper balance between different departments or [purposes] eg. by deciding on the resources to allocate to each .

Weber specified several general characteristics of bureaucracy , which he described as ‘ a continuous organisation of official functions bound by rules ’ :
weber specified several general characteristics of bureaucracy , which he described as ‘ a continuous organisation of official [purposes] bound by rules ’ :

The terms can be used to denote functions in the organisation .
the terms can be used to denote [purposes] in the organisation .

‘ Line functions are those which have direct responsibility for achieving the objectives of the company .
‘ line [purposes] are those which have direct responsibility for achieving the objectives of the company .

Staff managers are therefore constantly trying to acquire line functions .
staff managers are therefore constantly trying to acquire line [purposes] .

2 There are drawbacks to using staff , awareness of which should enable management to use staff functions more effectively .
2 there are drawbacks to using staff , awareness of which should enable management to use staff [purposes] more effectively .

Primary functions in a manufacturing company might be production , sales , finance , and general administration .
primary [purposes] in a manufacturing company might be production , sales , finance , and general administration .

Some functional departmentation remains ( eg manufacturing , distribution , marketing and sales ) but a divisional manager is given responsibility for the product , product line or brand , with authority over the personnel of different functions involved in its production marketing etc .
some functional departmentation remains ( eg manufacturing , distribution , marketing and sales ) but a divisional manager is given responsibility for the product , product line or brand , with authority over the personnel of different [purposes] involved in its production marketing etc .

It may therefore organise its functions ( particularly marketing ) on the basis of types of customer , market segment or distribution channels .
it may therefore organise its [purposes] ( particularly marketing ) on the basis of types of customer , market segment or distribution channels .

specialisation between the functions of management was most frequent in large batch and mass-production companies . The clear-cut demarcation ( and resulting conflicts ) between line and staff management was also most frequent here ;
specialisation between the [purposes] of management was most frequent in large batch and mass-production companies . the clear-cut demarcation ( and resulting conflicts ) between line and staff management was also most frequent here ;

Increasingly , the monarchy was involved in courtly display , and it was as the administrator of such functions that Cawarden was to win fame , providing costumes for men and horses and complicated scenic devices .
increasingly , the monarchy was involved in courtly display , and it was as the administrator of such [purposes] that cawarden was to win fame , providing costumes for men and horses and complicated scenic devices .

Kell started work in October 1909 and was characteristically slow and methodical in his approach to his utterly new functions .
kell started work in october 1909 and was characteristically slow and methodical in his approach to his utterly new [purposes] .

The attempt has failed , through scepticism that one man could have supervised such a major project whilst still discharging Elias 's functions as steward and administrator elsewhere .
the attempt has failed , through scepticism that one man could have supervised such a major project whilst still discharging elias 's [purposes] as steward and administrator elsewhere .

They also performed similar functions for litigants in the eyre when the Common Bench was not in session .
they also performed similar [purposes] for litigants in the eyre when the common bench was not in session .

The devil and sin exist for him as states of mind in which the true location of the godhead is not recognized , even though such unenlightened awareness still functions as a praise of God .
the devil and sin exist for him as states of mind in which the true location of the godhead is not recognized , even though such unenlightened awareness still [purposes] as a praise of god .

Despite all their marked differences ( in scale , perspective and perceived functions ) most of these agencies have in common their commitment to institution-based and qualification-oriented programming .
despite all their marked differences ( in scale , perspective and perceived [purposes] ) most of these agencies have in common their commitment to institution-based and qualification-oriented programming .

The section provides that the Secretary of State may make provisions by regulations in relation to revised accounts and reports which , in particular , may : — make different provisions according to whether the previous documents are replaced or merely supplemented by a statement of corrections ; deal with the functions of the auditors ; require the directors to take specified steps in relation to circulation to members and others entitled under section 238 ; laying before a general meeting and delivery to the Registrar ; and the application of provisions of the Act ( including penalties ) .
the section provides that the secretary of state may make provisions by regulations in relation to revised accounts and reports which , in particular , may : — make different provisions according to whether the previous documents are replaced or merely supplemented by a statement of corrections ; deal with the [purposes] of the auditors ; require the directors to take specified steps in relation to circulation to members and others entitled under section 238 ; laying before a general meeting and delivery to the registrar ; and the application of provisions of the act ( including penalties ) .

Even though the offences under consideration have a statutory source , they have been the subject of a good deal of judicial development , reflecting the gradual and incremental changes in the social and legal functions that the police force has been expected to undertake since its inception .
even though the offences under consideration have a statutory source , they have been the subject of a good deal of judicial development , reflecting the gradual and incremental changes in the social and legal [purposes] that the police force has been expected to undertake since its inception .

Comprehension of negative sentences is facilitated when negation is being used to fulfil one of these functions .
comprehension of negative sentences is facilitated when negation is being used to fulfil one of these [purposes] .

In the past , people have used models of particular institutions carrying out legislative , executive and judicial functions , that is law-making , law-implementation and law-adjudication .
in the past , people have used models of particular institutions carrying out legislative , executive and judicial [purposes] , that is law-making , law-implementation and law-adjudication .

While the Supreme Soviet was not sitting , its functions were carried out by the Praesidium , a committee of Supreme Soviet officials and other members .
while the supreme soviet was not sitting , its [purposes] were carried out by the praesidium , a committee of supreme soviet officials and other members .

There are other law officers who are politicians and members of the government , all of whom are expected to act impartially in their legal functions , but there is obviously scope for ambiguity and interpretation here .
there are other law officers who are politicians and members of the government , all of whom are expected to act impartially in their legal [purposes] , but there is obviously scope for ambiguity and interpretation here .

For determining the cost of programmes , functions and activities in a manner which facilitates analysis and valid comparisons with established criteria , among time periods , and with other governmental units .
for determining the cost of programmes , [purposes] and activities in a manner which facilitates analysis and valid comparisons with established criteria , among time periods , and with other governmental units .

For evaluating the efficiency and economy of operations of organizational units , programmes , activities and functions .
for evaluating the efficiency and economy of operations of organizational units , programmes , activities and [purposes] .

For evaluating the results of programmes , activities and functions , and their effectiveness in achieving their goals and objectives .
for evaluating the results of programmes , activities and [purposes] , and their effectiveness in achieving their goals and objectives .

Thus Runge ( 1973 ) interpreted soil properties ( s ) as functions of organic matter production ( o ) , water for leaching ( w ) and time ( t ) in a form s = f ( o , w , t ) where all parameters are fairly easily measured .
thus runge ( 1973 ) interpreted soil properties ( s ) as [purposes] of organic matter production ( o ) , water for leaching ( w ) and time ( t ) in a form s = f ( o , w , t ) where all parameters are fairly easily measured .

The primary objective is to measure energy transfer in physical geography and the closer one gets to the transfer the more realist is the approach , in contrast to the functional which tends to employ surrogates for process work functions .
the primary objective is to measure energy transfer in physical geography and the closer one gets to the transfer the more realist is the approach , in contrast to the functional which tends to employ surrogates for process work [purposes] .

Therefore when considering environmental processes the significance of large events must be considered , the modifications to a strict uniformitarian view must be assimilated and the development of step functions and of catastrophe theory must be attempted .
therefore when considering environmental processes the significance of large events must be considered , the modifications to a strict uniformitarian view must be assimilated and the development of step [purposes] and of catastrophe theory must be attempted .

It simply did not , and does not , offer a framework on which to hang a convincing story … the geographer , when he analyses the material properties of the man-environment systems , must base himself on the central functions of that system , rather than on the traditional divisions of physical geography .
it simply did not , and does not , offer a framework on which to hang a convincing story … the geographer , when he analyses the material properties of the man-environment systems , must base himself on the central [purposes] of that system , rather than on the traditional divisions of physical geography .

The central functions that Hewitt and Hare identified were partly concerned with human activity and partly involved the systems approach reviewed in the next chapter ( p. 140 ) .
the central [purposes] that hewitt and hare identified were partly concerned with human activity and partly involved the systems approach reviewed in the next chapter ( p. 140 ) .

Geomorphology will achieve its fullest development only when the forms and processes are related in terms of dynamic systems and the transformations of mass and energy are considered as functions of time .
geomorphology will achieve its fullest development only when the forms and processes are related in terms of dynamic systems and the transformations of mass and energy are considered as [purposes] of time .

Proceeding from the system of exchanges of energy and mass in the biosphere and between the atmosphere and land surface , they show how the functions of an ecosystem require a never-ending series of exchanges of energy , water , atmospheric gases and mineral nutrients between the organic and inorganic parts of the system .
proceeding from the system of exchanges of energy and mass in the biosphere and between the atmosphere and land surface , they show how the [purposes] of an ecosystem require a never-ending series of exchanges of energy , water , atmospheric gases and mineral nutrients between the organic and inorganic parts of the system .

Most of the clippings were boring stories about charity functions , civic balls , philanthropic gestures , patriotic speeches or War Bond drives .
most of the clippings were boring stories about charity [purposes] , civic balls , philanthropic gestures , patriotic speeches or war bond drives .

He envisaged a regional security arrangement with firm guarantees of a timetable for Soviet force withdrawals from Afghanistan and of the functions of residual Soviet forces in this country .
he envisaged a regional security arrangement with firm guarantees of a timetable for soviet force withdrawals from afghanistan and of the [purposes] of residual soviet forces in this country .

By the early 1970s it became apparent that the Soviet Union had become engaged in a much more competitive effort to acquire overseas facilities for similar functions to American ones .
by the early 1970s it became apparent that the soviet union had become engaged in a much more competitive effort to acquire overseas facilities for similar [purposes] to american ones .

He described the changes in the functions of American bases as corresponding to changes in military doctrine and military technology .
he described the changes in the [purposes] of american bases as corresponding to changes in military doctrine and military technology .

functions The Department of Education and Science is concerned with advice and monitoring , whereas much of the work of the Department of Social Security is dealing with clients .
[purposes] the department of education and science is concerned with advice and monitoring , whereas much of the work of the department of social security is dealing with clients .

functions can not be demarcated easily ;
[purposes] can not be demarcated easily ;

The Haldane Report ( 1918 ) on the machinery of central government , which has since dominated thinking on the design of central government , examined a number of these criteria and recommended the distribution of government work on the basis of functions performed .
the haldane report ( 1918 ) on the machinery of central government , which has since dominated thinking on the design of central government , examined a number of these criteria and recommended the distribution of government work on the basis of [purposes] performed .

The officers are arranged in terms of both functions dealing with housing or environmental health but also support services dealing with finance or personnel .
the officers are arranged in terms of both [purposes] dealing with housing or environmental health but also support services dealing with finance or personnel .

Thus to reorganise central government , say , without taking into account the many different functions that the individual departments perform will not work .
thus to reorganise central government , say , without taking into account the many different [purposes] that the individual departments perform will not work .

Such formal groups do , however , perform a number of useful functions :
such formal groups do , however , perform a number of useful [purposes] :

We can imagine that a small advertising agency may well share a common culture , but a large government department , such as the Home Office , with multiple functions and goals is unlikely to exhibit the same homogeneity .
we can imagine that a small advertising agency may well share a common culture , but a large government department , such as the home office , with multiple [purposes] and goals is unlikely to exhibit the same homogeneity .

These functions had previously come under the Treasury .
these [purposes] had previously come under the treasury .

The Civil Service Department eventually lost a running battle with the Treasury and was disbanded in 1981 , with some of its functions returning to the Treasury .
the civil service department eventually lost a running battle with the treasury and was disbanded in 1981 , with some of its [purposes] returning to the treasury .

According to Perrin ( 1988 ) it is possible to budget by subjective costs ( such as staff , supplies and equipment ) , functions ( such as nursing , catering and estates ) , specialties ( such as neurology , geriatrics and general surgery ) , or by the units that comprise the district .
according to perrin ( 1988 ) it is possible to budget by subjective costs ( such as staff , supplies and equipment ) , [purposes] ( such as nursing , catering and estates ) , specialties ( such as neurology , geriatrics and general surgery ) , or by the units that comprise the district .

Changes in focus have resulted partly from incorporation of some evaluation functions such as course perception sampling into routine mechanisms of modular and field management .
changes in focus have resulted partly from incorporation of some evaluation [purposes] such as course perception sampling into routine mechanisms of modular and field management .

David St John Thomas , celebrant of the English country station , has summed up eloquently the multiplicity of functions the country station performed :
david st john thomas , celebrant of the english country station , has summed up eloquently the multiplicity of [purposes] the country station performed :

Coal-carrying was thus from the first , and has remained both in Britain and on the Continent , one of the basic economic functions of the railway .
coal-carrying was thus from the first , and has remained both in britain and on the continent , one of the basic economic [purposes] of the railway .

Many had livestock pens and some had specialized functions connected with a local firm or factory .
many had livestock pens and some had specialized [purposes] connected with a local firm or factory .

This document listed such matters as the functions of a duty solicitor , the scope of the scheme , remuneration , emergency services and waivers .
this document listed such matters as the [purposes] of a duty solicitor , the scope of the scheme , remuneration , emergency services and waivers .

There were 24 regional duty solicitor committees , whose functions included those of deciding at which courts duty solicitors should be in attendance , and establishing and appointing the members of the local committees .
there were 24 regional duty solicitor committees , whose [purposes] included those of deciding at which courts duty solicitors should be in attendance , and establishing and appointing the members of the local committees .

Local schemes were run by a local duty solicitor committee , whose functions included that of considering applications from those wishing to act as duty solicitors .
local schemes were run by a local duty solicitor committee , whose [purposes] included that of considering applications from those wishing to act as duty solicitors .

Provision would be made for the possible transfer of other functions at a later date , ( e.g .
provision would be made for the possible transfer of other [purposes] at a later date , ( e.g .

The constitution and functions of the Board , established by the Legal Aid Act 1988 , are considered below .
the constitution and [purposes] of the board , established by the legal aid act 1988 , are considered below .

Some specific functions can only be conferred by an order made by the Lord Chancellor .
some specific [purposes] can only be conferred by an order made by the lord chancellor .

It is to publish information as to the discharge of its functions , supply information to the Lord Chancellor as and when required , make annual reports , and ‘ have regard , in discharging its functions , to such guidance as may from time to time be given by the Lord Chancellor .
it is to publish information as to the discharge of its [purposes] , supply information to the lord chancellor as and when required , make annual reports , and ‘ have regard , in discharging its [purposes] , to such guidance as may from time to time be given by the lord chancellor .

The legal aid scheme is kept under constant review by the Legal Aid Board , which is required to report annually to the Lord Chancellor on the discharge of its functions .
the legal aid scheme is kept under constant review by the legal aid board , which is required to report annually to the lord chancellor on the discharge of its [purposes] .

Rothman ( 1991 ) sees case management as incorporating two broad functions , which are : providing individualized advice , counselling , and therapy to clients in the community , and linking clients to needed services and supports in community agencies and informal helping networks .
rothman ( 1991 ) sees case management as incorporating two broad [purposes] , which are : providing individualized advice , counselling , and therapy to clients in the community , and linking clients to needed services and supports in community agencies and informal helping networks .

There is general agreement on the core pattern of case management functions which are : assessment ; care planning ; direct and indirect intervention ; monitoring ; review and evaluation .
there is general agreement on the core pattern of case management [purposes] which are : assessment ; care planning ; direct and indirect intervention ; monitoring ; review and evaluation .

The essential feature of the administrative model is that the functions of assessment and provision are separated from one another and the case manager relies heavily on linkage and brokerage .
the essential feature of the administrative model is that the [purposes] of assessment and provision are separated from one another and the case manager relies heavily on linkage and brokerage .

Institutional care is one part of a complex range of provision ; while it is right to reduce reliance upon it because of its toxic effects ( which are determined by the quality of care provided and not size alone : Huxley , 1991b ) it must be wrong to remove it altogether or reduce its scale or critical mass so that it ceases to be able to perform those functions which other services can not .
institutional care is one part of a complex range of provision ; while it is right to reduce reliance upon it because of its toxic effects ( which are determined by the quality of care provided and not size alone : huxley , 1991b ) it must be wrong to remove it altogether or reduce its scale or critical mass so that it ceases to be able to perform those [purposes] which other services can not .

The authors conclude that the ‘ self ’ ( personal identity ) remains intact despite severe deterioration in other functions and , importantly , this ‘ self ’ is manifest in late stages of the disease ; further , that the loss of any of an individual 's ‘ selves ’ ‘ is not directly linked to the progress of the disease ’ .
the authors conclude that the ‘ self ’ ( personal identity ) remains intact despite severe deterioration in other [purposes] and , importantly , this ‘ self ’ is manifest in late stages of the disease ; further , that the loss of any of an individual 's ‘ selves ’ ‘ is not directly linked to the progress of the disease ’ .

Culture in this view bears important characteristics of the capitalist social totality , and in the case of mass culture , or the ‘ culture industry ’ , functions to reproduce labour power and by extension reproduce the capitalist social formation as a totality .
culture in this view bears important characteristics of the capitalist social totality , and in the case of mass culture , or the ‘ culture industry ’ , [purposes] to reproduce labour power and by extension reproduce the capitalist social formation as a totality .

First such theatre , in a sense reminiscent of premodern art , takes on important ritualistic functions ; the implication is that , in contradistinction to autonomous , modernist theatre , ( postmodern ) theatre itself should double as cultural ritual .
first such theatre , in a sense reminiscent of premodern art , takes on important ritualistic [purposes] ; the implication is that , in contradistinction to autonomous , modernist theatre , ( postmodern ) theatre itself should double as cultural ritual .

Anaud had in some ways a curiously desexualized view of the body and spoke of a ‘ body without organs ’ , which was for him a body deprived mainly of functions of reproduction and defecation , that was mainly a locus of feeling and sensation .
anaud had in some ways a curiously desexualized view of the body and spoke of a ‘ body without organs ’ , which was for him a body deprived mainly of [purposes] of reproduction and defecation , that was mainly a locus of feeling and sensation .

Speech on this account functions primarily not as a conveyor of meanings , but as incantation — in which voices have , so to speak , a magical effect independent of the meanings of words .
speech on this account [purposes] primarily not as a conveyor of meanings , but as incantation — in which voices have , so to speak , a magical effect independent of the meanings of words .

Benjaminian allegory functions perhaps as crucially as supplement as it does as ‘ criticism ’ .
benjaminian allegory [purposes] perhaps as crucially as supplement as it does as ‘ criticism ’ .

( 3 ) If in contemporary pragmatics , the signified begins to wither away and the signifier to function as a referent , in surrealism ( and to this extent surrealism is postmodern ) the referent functions as a signifier .
( 3 ) if in contemporary pragmatics , the signified begins to wither away and the signifier to function as a referent , in surrealism ( and to this extent surrealism is postmodern ) the referent [purposes] as a signifier .

These political symbols have three functions vis-à-vis their relevant ‘ reception classes ’ in the social world .
these political symbols have three [purposes] vis-à-vis their relevant ‘ reception classes ’ in the social world .

It will be clear from what has been said above that the functions of Community and Union can not be kept totally separate .
it will be clear from what has been said above that the [purposes] of community and union can not be kept totally separate .

It is hoped to develop a training programme and to hold social functions at venues throughout the Principality .
it is hoped to develop a training programme and to hold social [purposes] at venues throughout the principality .

The idea that it is normal to find a check in a piano action seems to be the reason for saying either that Stein used a check or that some part of his action functions as a check .
the idea that it is normal to find a check in a piano action seems to be the reason for saying either that stein used a check or that some part of his action [purposes] as a check .

Deposit Taking , statement printing and bill paying may be added to the functions Cashline or other similar self service devices deliver .
deposit taking , statement printing and bill paying may be added to the [purposes] cashline or other similar self service devices deliver .

These functions were previously carried out by regional water boards and local drainage authorities .
these [purposes] were previously carried out by regional water boards and local drainage authorities .

It will also perform the secondary functions of distributing traffic with local destinations and provide some relief to traffic congestion in the city centre .
it will also perform the secondary [purposes] of distributing traffic with local destinations and provide some relief to traffic congestion in the city centre .

… Much of the savings , in the official view , will arise from the new structure 's needs for fewer managers , but even that is less than convincing for there is great scope for an increase in bureaucracy , from the need to dispatch the business deriving from the newly acquired functions to the formation of twice the number of existing education , roads and social work departments . ’
… much of the savings , in the official view , will arise from the new structure 's needs for fewer managers , but even that is less than convincing for there is great scope for an increase in bureaucracy , from the need to dispatch the business deriving from the newly acquired [purposes] to the formation of twice the number of existing education , roads and social work departments . ’

The smallest are unlikely to perform satisfactorily strategic functions like planning and economic regeneration .
the smallest are unlikely to perform satisfactorily strategic [purposes] like planning and economic regeneration .

The Assessor 's Department has around 180 full-time staff and its main functions are to compile the valuation roll for non-domestic rates and the electoral register .
the assessor 's department has around 180 full-time staff and its main [purposes] are to compile the valuation roll for non-domestic rates and the electoral register .

The Club is based in Chambers Street and offers an extensive range of facilities including restaurants , bars , squash and snooker ; membership also entitles you to take advantage of the very competitive rates for both accommodation and private functions .
the club is based in chambers street and offers an extensive range of facilities including restaurants , bars , squash and snooker ; membership also entitles you to take advantage of the very competitive rates for both accommodation and private [purposes] .

Functions .
[purposes] .

On the advice of the retiring committee the number of functions planned for session 1991 — 1992 was greatly reduced — no discos or dances were organised for adults .
on the advice of the retiring committee the number of [purposes] planned for session 1991 — 1992 was greatly reduced — no discos or dances were organised for adults .

The planning functions of local authorities are a public service and we therefore endorse the principle that they should not charge fees for pre-application advice on development proposals .
the planning [purposes] of local authorities are a public service and we therefore endorse the principle that they should not charge fees for pre-application advice on development proposals .

The benefit of creating such groups is that it breaks down the multifarious functions of a branch committee into discreet areas , to which special attention can be given .
the benefit of creating such groups is that it breaks down the multifarious [purposes] of a branch committee into discreet areas , to which special attention can be given .

In so doing , we hope that it will take account of our responses on the proposed reorganisation of local government in Wales and the way this may weaken its strategic planning functions .
in so doing , we hope that it will take account of our responses on the proposed reorganisation of local government in wales and the way this may weaken its strategic planning [purposes] .

This restructuring has seen a redistribution of talents as well as a reduction in numbers and many people have transferred from central functions to the regions .
this restructuring has seen a redistribution of talents as well as a reduction in numbers and many people have transferred from central [purposes] to the regions .

Some of these are essentially historical : the interest developed in part as a reaction or antidote to Chomsky 's treatment of language as an abstract device , or mental ability , dissociable from the uses , users and functions of language ( an abstraction that Chomsky in part drew from the post-Bloomfieldian structuralism that predominated immediately before transformational generative grammar ) .
some of these are essentially historical : the interest developed in part as a reaction or antidote to chomsky 's treatment of language as an abstract device , or mental ability , dissociable from the uses , users and [purposes] of language ( an abstraction that chomsky in part drew from the post-bloomfieldian structuralism that predominated immediately before transformational generative grammar ) .

This mode of explanation , by reference to external factors ( especially causes and functions ) , is often called functionalism ( see egg .
this mode of explanation , by reference to external factors ( especially causes and [purposes] ) , is often called functionalism ( see egg .

On the grounds that these seem to be used paradigmatically for ordering , questioning and asserting , respectively , one might argue that it is pointless to search for internal linguistic motivations for these three sentence-types : they recur in the languages of the world because humans are , perhaps , specifically concerned with three functions of language in particular — the organizing of other persons ' actions , the eliciting of information , and the conveying of-formation .
on the grounds that these seem to be used paradigmatically for ordering , questioning and asserting , respectively , one might argue that it is pointless to search for internal linguistic motivations for these three sentence-types : they recur in the languages of the world because humans are , perhaps , specifically concerned with three [purposes] of language in particular — the organizing of other persons ' actions , the eliciting of information , and the conveying of-formation .

We might turn to traditional approaches to the `` functions of speech `` ( see the summary in Lyons , 1977a : 50-6 ) .
we might turn to traditional approaches to the `` [purposes] of speech `` ( see the summary in lyons , 1977a : 50-6 ) .

He suggests that the functions of speech can be to focus on any of the six basic components of the communicational event : thus the referential function focuses on the referential content of the message , the emotive function on the speaker 's state , the conative function on the speaker 's wishes that the addressee do or think such-and-such , the metalinguistic function on the code being used , the phatic function on the channel ( establishment and maintainance of contact ) , and the Poetic function on the way in which the message is encoded .
he suggests that the [purposes] of speech can be to focus on any of the six basic components of the communicational event : thus the referential function focuses on the referential content of the message , the emotive function on the speaker 's state , the conative function on the speaker 's wishes that the addressee do or think such-and-such , the metalinguistic function on the code being used , the phatic function on the channel ( establishment and maintainance of contact ) , and the poetic function on the way in which the message is encoded .

To all such approaches to the uses of speech , a strong objection might be made along the following lines : rather than look for a series of static functions or contextual parameters , one should attend directly to the single most important dynamic context of language use , namely conversation , or face-to-face interaction .
to all such approaches to the uses of speech , a strong objection might be made along the following lines : rather than look for a series of static [purposes] or contextual parameters , one should attend directly to the single most important dynamic context of language use , namely conversation , or face-to-face interaction .

Another way of handling indexicals is to think of the specification of the content of an utterance as a two stage affair : the `` meaning `` of an utterance is a function from contexts ( sets of indices ) to propositions , which are in turn functions from possible worlds to truth values ( Montague , 1970 ; Stalnaker , 1972 ) .
another way of handling indexicals is to think of the specification of the content of an utterance as a two stage affair : the `` meaning `` of an utterance is a function from contexts ( sets of indices ) to propositions , which are in turn [purposes] from possible worlds to truth values ( montague , 1970 ; stalnaker , 1972 ) .

Hormones are chemicals that are released in the body and control many important functions such as growth and development , eating , and sexual behaviour .
hormones are chemicals that are released in the body and control many important [purposes] such as growth and development , eating , and sexual behaviour .

An elected departmental committee also assists the head of department in the following terms as defined in the Statutes of the University : ‘ The functions of the departmental committee shall be to advise the head of department on all matters affecting the department , with particular reference to ( a ) annual estimates ; ( b ) allocation of resources and accommodation ; ( c ) junior academic appointments .
an elected departmental committee also assists the head of department in the following terms as defined in the statutes of the university : ‘ the [purposes] of the departmental committee shall be to advise the head of department on all matters affecting the department , with particular reference to ( a ) annual estimates ; ( b ) allocation of resources and accommodation ; ( c ) junior academic appointments .

One of the main functions of the report , however , is to demonstrate the difficulty of acquiring meaningful comparable data on world environmental problems .
one of the main [purposes] of the report , however , is to demonstrate the difficulty of acquiring meaningful comparable data on world environmental problems .

However , the ordered pair of functions ( f1 and f2 ) that are associated with each node for possible text assignment , can only be judged from a vantage point external to the communicative situation .
however , the ordered pair of [purposes] ( f1 and f2 ) that are associated with each node for possible text assignment , can only be judged from a vantage point external to the communicative situation .

The chairman and deputy chairman of the Panel are appointed by the Governor of the Bank of England but the Panel 's day-to-day functions are carried out by the Director General and his executive staff who are seconded from the Bank of England and various organisations within the City of London .
the chairman and deputy chairman of the panel are appointed by the governor of the bank of england but the panel 's day-to-day [purposes] are carried out by the director general and his executive staff who are seconded from the bank of england and various organisations within the city of london .

1.8 `` Architect `` means ( name ) of ( address ) or such other person as the Landlord may from time to time appoint to perform the functions of the architect under the Building Contract and notify to the Tenant as having been so appointed It may be that the landlord will entrust supervisory functions to a surveyor or some other suitably qualified person .
1.8 `` architect `` means ( name ) of ( address ) or such other person as the landlord may from time to time appoint to perform the [purposes] of the architect under the building contract and notify to the tenant as having been so appointed it may be that the landlord will entrust supervisory [purposes] to a surveyor or some other suitably qualified person .

There is no objection to this but the tenant should ensure that the person so appointed is suitably qualified to enable him to carry out his functions in a proper and responsible manner .
there is no objection to this but the tenant should ensure that the person so appointed is suitably qualified to enable him to carry out his [purposes] in a proper and responsible manner .

2.1.3 `` surveyors `` means ( Surveyors ) of ( address ) or such other firm of Surveyors previously approved in writing by the Landlord [ such approval not to be unreasonably withheld [ or delayed ] ] as the Tenant may from time to time appoint to perform the functions of the Surveyors under this Agreement It would be foolhardy for the tenant to put itself in a position whereby the landlord must approve the identity of its surveyors .
2.1.3 `` surveyors `` means ( surveyors ) of ( address ) or such other firm of surveyors previously approved in writing by the landlord [ such approval not to be unreasonably withheld [ or delayed ] ] as the tenant may from time to time appoint to perform the [purposes] of the surveyors under this agreement it would be foolhardy for the tenant to put itself in a position whereby the landlord must approve the identity of its surveyors .

The clause should therefore be amended : `` surveyors `` means ( Surveyors ) of ( address ) or such other firm of Surveyors or suitably qualified individuals as the Tenant may from time to time appoint to perform the functions of the Surveyors under this agreement
the clause should therefore be amended : `` surveyors `` means ( surveyors ) of ( address ) or such other firm of surveyors or suitably qualified individuals as the tenant may from time to time appoint to perform the [purposes] of the surveyors under this agreement

2.2 " Accountant " means any person or firm appointed by the Landlord ( including an employee of the Landlord or a Group Company ) to perform any of the functions of the Accountant under this Lease
2.2 " accountant " means any person or firm appointed by the landlord ( including an employee of the landlord or a group company ) to perform any of the [purposes] of the accountant under this lease

2.17 " surveyor " means any person or firm appointed by or acting for the Landlord ( including an employee of the Landlord or a Group Company and including also the person or firm appointed by the Landlord to collect the rents ) to perform any of the functions of the Surveyor under this Lease
2.17 " surveyor " means any person or firm appointed by or acting for the landlord ( including an employee of the landlord or a group company and including also the person or firm appointed by the landlord to collect the rents ) to perform any of the [purposes] of the surveyor under this lease

These devices are deployed to serve a variety of functions : not the least is to create a text which , despite its difficulties , has great sensuous richness .
these devices are deployed to serve a variety of [purposes] : not the least is to create a text which , despite its difficulties , has great sensuous richness .

The book comprises five chapters and a Postscript which are bound into a cohesive whole with the aid of the image of an intercontinental flight that functions `` as a sustaining narrative device `` ( p. xii ) .
the book comprises five chapters and a postscript which are bound into a cohesive whole with the aid of the image of an intercontinental flight that [purposes] `` as a sustaining narrative device `` ( p. xii ) .

The symbolic meaning of a deictic term is its meaning as it functions within the linguistic system .
the symbolic meaning of a deictic term is its meaning as it [purposes] within the linguistic system .

An Executive Agency is a non-statutory management device aiming to ensure that the executive functions of the Government are run efficiently and effectively and within available resources .
an executive agency is a non-statutory management device aiming to ensure that the executive [purposes] of the government are run efficiently and effectively and within available resources .

As an exception to this rule , secured or unsecured loans or credits may be granted to a customer by the firm to fund a margin requirement provided that a credit assessment is made of the customer by an employee of the firm who is independent of the trading or marketing functions of the firm ( eg the compliance officer ) , and the maximum amount of the loan or credit to be granted has been notified to the customer and , in respect of a private customer , has been set out in writing and agreed by the customer in accordance with Rule 5 – 27 ( customer borrowing ) .
as an exception to this rule , secured or unsecured loans or credits may be granted to a customer by the firm to fund a margin requirement provided that a credit assessment is made of the customer by an employee of the firm who is independent of the trading or marketing [purposes] of the firm ( eg the compliance officer ) , and the maximum amount of the loan or credit to be granted has been notified to the customer and , in respect of a private customer , has been set out in writing and agreed by the customer in accordance with rule 5 – 27 ( customer borrowing ) .

An authority whose help is requested must comply with the request if it is compatible with its own duties and obligations and does not unduly prejudice the discharge of any of its own functions ( s27(2) ) .
an authority whose help is requested must comply with the request if it is compatible with its own duties and obligations and does not unduly prejudice the discharge of any of its own [purposes] ( s27(2) ) .

In the family proceedings court certain procedural functions may be carried out by a single justice or in certain circumstances a justices ' clerk ( see Chapter 4 , 1 ) .
in the family proceedings court certain procedural [purposes] may be carried out by a single justice or in certain circumstances a justices ' clerk ( see chapter 4 , 1 ) .

In the county court district judges nominated to deal with public law cases may carry out many of the procedural functions of the court ( see Chapter 4 , 2 ) .
in the county court district judges nominated to deal with public law cases may carry out many of the procedural [purposes] of the court ( see chapter 4 , 2 ) .

Overseas trustees must properly carry out their trustee functions .
overseas trustees must properly carry out their trustee [purposes] .

The two functions are conceptually distinct .
the two [purposes] are conceptually distinct .

Unlike a trade association or informal market , an exchange is expected to carry out regulatory as well as trading functions .
unlike a trade association or informal market , an exchange is expected to carry out regulatory as well as trading [purposes] .

The courts are unlikely to want to second-guess the exchange on matters of policy or its approach to its functions ; not least because the courts are rarely qualified to judge such issues .
the courts are unlikely to want to second-guess the exchange on matters of policy or its approach to its [purposes] ; not least because the courts are rarely qualified to judge such issues .

Literary studies in action approaches the study of literature in the same way that a comparatively naive undergraduate reader approaches it : as a conglomeration of linguistic and literary forms , functions and meanings , all operating at once and all of which have somehow to be deciphered in order to gain access to the text , and explained in order to facilitate the production of adequate essays .
literary studies in action approaches the study of literature in the same way that a comparatively naive undergraduate reader approaches it : as a conglomeration of linguistic and literary forms , [purposes] and meanings , all operating at once and all of which have somehow to be deciphered in order to gain access to the text , and explained in order to facilitate the production of adequate essays .

These combine time recording with an agenda , diary , alarm system , calculator and other useful functions .
these combine time recording with an agenda , diary , alarm system , calculator and other useful [purposes] .

Leith shows how the notions employed within pragmatics and discourse analysis for the study of conversation can help to shed light on the properties and functions of dialogue in ballads , while Short applies the categories of speech presentation developed for the study of the novel to a corpus of journalistic texts .
leith shows how the notions employed within pragmatics and discourse analysis for the study of conversation can help to shed light on the properties and [purposes] of dialogue in ballads , while short applies the categories of speech presentation developed for the study of the novel to a corpus of journalistic texts .

In female worms the intestine terminates in an anus while in males there is a cloaca which functions as an anus , and into which opens the vas deferens and through which the copulatory spicules may be extruded .
in female worms the intestine terminates in an anus while in males there is a cloaca which [purposes] as an anus , and into which opens the vas deferens and through which the copulatory spicules may be extruded .

Control Codes and Functions 2.1.1
control codes and [purposes] 2.1.1

Real variables have a range of < del > to < del > and numeric functions evaluate to 9 significant figure accuracy .
real variables have a range of < del > to < del > and numeric [purposes] evaluate to 9 significant figure accuracy .

Procedures and Functions 2.10
procedures and [purposes] 2.10

Procedures and functions are similar to subroutines in that they are `` bits `` of program which perform a discrete function .
procedures and [purposes] are similar to subroutines in that they are `` bits `` of program which perform a discrete function .

Arguably , the major advantage of procedures and functions is that they can be referred to by name .
arguably , the major advantage of procedures and [purposes] is that they can be referred to by name .

However , functions and procedures are not confined to single line definitions an they are very useful for improving the structure and readability of your program .
however , [purposes] and procedures are not confined to single line definitions an they are very useful for improving the structure and readability of your program .

However , this is not compulsory for functions which return strings .
however , this is not compulsory for [purposes] which return strings .

Defining Functions and Procedures 2.10.3
defining [purposes] and procedures 2.10.3

You can define a whole library of procedures and functions and include them in your programs .
you can define a whole library of procedures and [purposes] and include them in your programs .

Because the formal parameters which receive the passed parameters are local , all procedures and functions can be reentrant .
because the formal parameters which receive the passed parameters are local , all procedures and [purposes] can be reentrant .

Statements and Functions
statements and [purposes]

This is not compulsory for functions which return strings .
this is not compulsory for [purposes] which return strings .

Functions are reentrant and the parameters arguments ) are passed by value .
[purposes] are reentrant and the parameters arguments ) are passed by value .

You can write single line , multi statement functions so long as you have a colon after the definition statement .
you can write single line , multi statement [purposes] so long as you have a colon after the definition statement .

Functions have to return an answer , but the value returned by this function is a null string .
[purposes] have to return an answer , but the value returned by this function is a null string .

See the " Procedures and Functions " sub-section for more details .
see the " procedures and [purposes] " sub-section for more details .

Miscellaneous Functions 5.4.8
miscellaneous [purposes] 5.4.8

The commands and functions used are explained , and followed by examples .
the commands and [purposes] used are explained , and followed by examples .

Whilst these notes repeat much of the material covered in the `` Statements and Functions `` section , additional information has been added and they are presented in a more readable order .
whilst these notes repeat much of the material covered in the `` statements and [purposes] `` section , additional information has been added and they are presented in a more readable order .

The open commands are , in fact , functions which open the appropriate file and return its file handle .
the open commands are , in fact , [purposes] which open the appropriate file and return its file handle .

File Opening Functions 8.4.5.3
file opening [purposes] 8.4.5.3

You always need to store the file handle because it must be used for all the other file commands and functions .
you always need to store the file handle because it must be used for all the other file commands and [purposes] .

No one microcomputer will do all functions well .
no one microcomputer will do all [purposes] well .

It was decided that the school would provide packages for the following functions : 1 .
it was decided that the school would provide packages for the following [purposes] : 1 .

Care has been taken to ensure that wherever costs were classified as inputs , they were external , particularly where some of the same functions were also carried out internally .
care has been taken to ensure that wherever costs were classified as inputs , they were external , particularly where some of the same [purposes] were also carried out internally .

all electrical functions for the rear seat occupants ( seats , windows , cigar lighter etc. ) can be immobilised via a single switch in the driver 's door
all electrical [purposes] for the rear seat occupants ( seats , windows , cigar lighter etc. ) can be immobilised via a single switch in the driver 's door

‘ Jaw not war ’ was the clarion call of the new division of planning control functions between counties and districts in England and Wales .
‘ jaw not war ’ was the clarion call of the new division of planning control [purposes] between counties and districts in england and wales .

Perhaps the most striking provision is to be found in the Countryside ( Scotland ) Act 1967 and the Countryside Act 1968 which requires every minister government department and public body to have regard to the desirability of conserving the natural beauty and amenity of the countryside in all their functions relating to land .
perhaps the most striking provision is to be found in the countryside ( scotland ) act 1967 and the countryside act 1968 which requires every minister government department and public body to have regard to the desirability of conserving the natural beauty and amenity of the countryside in all their [purposes] relating to land .

to reduce the functions carried out by government departments where those functions could be more effectively carried out elsewhere ;
to reduce the [purposes] carried out by government departments where those [purposes] could be more effectively carried out elsewhere ;

The commission 's functions include :
the commission 's [purposes] include :

First , ‘ listing ’ is intended to provide guidance to local planning authorities in carrying out their planning functions .
first , ‘ listing ’ is intended to provide guidance to local planning authorities in carrying out their planning [purposes] .

Scottish Members of Parliament who were serving on the Committee for the Enterprise and New Towns ( Scotland ) Bill regarding the central provision of core functions in Scottish Enterprise ;
scottish members of parliament who were serving on the committee for the enterprise and new towns ( scotland ) bill regarding the central provision of core [purposes] in scottish enterprise ;

Figure 18.7 shows the rates at which front and rear interfaces travel downstream as functions of the Reynolds number .
figure 18.7 shows the rates at which front and rear interfaces travel downstream as [purposes] of the reynolds number .

Probability distribution functions are sometimes determined experimentally , but much more frequently further average quantities are measured .
probability distribution [purposes] are sometimes determined experimentally , but much more frequently further average quantities are measured .

We shall also be introducing later ( Section 19.5 ) the spectrum functions which are the Fourier transforms of correlation functions .
we shall also be introducing later ( section 19.5 ) the spectrum [purposes] which are the fourier transforms of correlation [purposes] .

Thus only these two functions of r ( denoted respectively by f ( r ) and g ( r ) ) are needed for complete specification of the double velocity correlations .
thus only these two [purposes] of r ( denoted respectively by f ( r ) and g ( r ) ) are needed for complete specification of the double velocity correlations .

The functions of money
the [purposes] of money

It also has three other important functions .
it also has three other important [purposes] .

Must an item be able to fulfil all four functions of money to be able to be classed as money ?
must an item be able to fulfil all four [purposes] of money to be able to be classed as money ?

It readily meets all the functions of money .
it readily meets all the [purposes] of money .

In order to understand how these various institutions affect the economy and the part they play in the operation of monetary policy , we need to examine some of their activities and functions in more detail .
in order to understand how these various institutions affect the economy and the part they play in the operation of monetary policy , we need to examine some of their activities and [purposes] in more detail .

Within these two broad roles the Bank of England has a number of different functions .
within these two broad roles the bank of england has a number of different [purposes] .

Between them they provide the following important functions : giving expert advice , channelling capital to areas of highest return , maturity transformation , risk transformation and the transmission of payments .
between them they provide the following important [purposes] : giving expert advice , channelling capital to areas of highest return , maturity transformation , risk transformation and the transmission of payments .

According to Ken he worked in the old Government Commission , which was tucked away in the back somewhere , until the present Government wound it up and the Cabinet Office took over its functions .
according to ken he worked in the old government commission , which was tucked away in the back somewhere , until the present government wound it up and the cabinet office took over its [purposes] .

So far , tropical moist forests provide little more than 10 % of the total wood used as solid wood and pulp , but as temperate forests become depleted or increasingly under pressure of the ‘ environmental ’ lobby to be managed for functions other than production , attention will inevitably be focused on the tropical resources .
so far , tropical moist forests provide little more than 10 % of the total wood used as solid wood and pulp , but as temperate forests become depleted or increasingly under pressure of the ‘ environmental ’ lobby to be managed for [purposes] other than production , attention will inevitably be focused on the tropical resources .

He appears to equate the two functions broadly , but does not call himself a batteur de mesure .
he appears to equate the two [purposes] broadly , but does not call himself a batteur de mesure .

The metaphor of a ‘ motor ’ is explicitly qualified , as is that of a ‘ heart ’ in the earlier quotation from Devismes . With a dominance and bodily expression also suggested in illus.1 , Rey is thus known to have exercised , with lasting success , many musical functions of what we call a ‘ conductor ’
the metaphor of a ‘ motor ’ is explicitly qualified , as is that of a ‘ heart ’ in the earlier quotation from devismes . with a dominance and bodily expression also suggested in illus.1 , rey is thus known to have exercised , with lasting success , many musical [purposes] of what we call a ‘ conductor ’

Finally , there were the eight oboes attached to the musqueteers who , in addition to their military functions , played for court entertainments .
finally , there were the eight oboes attached to the musqueteers who , in addition to their military [purposes] , played for court entertainments .

The order of records must reflect the functions and activities at the organisation that created the records .
the order of records must reflect the [purposes] and activities at the organisation that created the records .

Information Services functions ( including records managers , librarians , information scientists , archivists and others ) have , in many organisations , been re-organised in and out of numerous different departments .
information services [purposes] ( including records managers , librarians , information scientists , archivists and others ) have , in many organisations , been re-organised in and out of numerous different departments .

The central functions required to service the large mainframes are no longer perceived to be necessary on the scale they once were with the development of distributed end-user computing and communications , and a generation of users who are not only ‘ literate ’ but competent technically .
the central [purposes] required to service the large mainframes are no longer perceived to be necessary on the scale they once were with the development of distributed end-user computing and communications , and a generation of users who are not only ‘ literate ’ but competent technically .

Office systems provide electronic tools to support a range of administrative functions which most desk-based staff will undertake in addition to their substantive business functions .
office systems provide electronic tools to support a range of administrative [purposes] which most desk-based staff will undertake in addition to their substantive business [purposes] .

The functions they provide may include a selection of the following : electronic mail , fax , telex , word processing , records storage and retrieval ( both individual and shared ) , diary scheduling ( people and facilities ) , internal reference information , spreadsheets , access to other applications , and the importing and repackaging of data from other applications .
the [purposes] they provide may include a selection of the following : electronic mail , fax , telex , word processing , records storage and retrieval ( both individual and shared ) , diary scheduling ( people and facilities ) , internal reference information , spreadsheets , access to other applications , and the importing and repackaging of data from other applications .

If we shift the emphasis of this process from selecting information on certain subjects , to capturing certain types of communicative activity between certain people performing certain functions , the dangers of historical relativism are diminished , although not removed .
if we shift the emphasis of this process from selecting information on certain subjects , to capturing certain types of communicative activity between certain people performing certain [purposes] , the dangers of historical relativism are diminished , although not removed .

This programme is now moving on to a consideration of the functions of government departments themselves , with proposals to privatise large swathes of government activities , leaving a small , central policy-making core in Whitehall .
this programme is now moving on to a consideration of the [purposes] of government departments themselves , with proposals to privatise large swathes of government activities , leaving a small , central policy-making core in whitehall .

As state functions are taken over by private companies , even if made up of ex-civil servants , we will find them dropping out of the public records net .
as state [purposes] are taken over by private companies , even if made up of ex-civil servants , we will find them dropping out of the public records net .

the integration of archive , records and information management functions in government ; and ,
the integration of archive , records and information management [purposes] in government ; and ,

Yet many members of our community come and visit us and walk through any one of numerous doors — for almost all our functions have a public face ;
yet many members of our community come and visit us and walk through any one of numerous doors — for almost all our [purposes] have a public face ;

It is one of the functions of a Town Hall to ensure a two-way flow of information .
it is one of the [purposes] of a town hall to ensure a two-way flow of information .

With that in mind there will be a brief explanation of the various types of e-mail and their different functions .
with that in mind there will be a brief explanation of the various types of e-mail and their different [purposes] .

a task for which , curiously , she was required to show , or to possess , neither intelligence nor knowledge ( ‘ Be good sweet maid and let who will be clever ’ , as Charles Kingsley put it ) . This was not merely because the new function of the bourgeois wife , to show off the capacity of the bourgeois husband to keep her in leisure and luxury , conflicted with the old functions of actually running a household , but also because her inferiority to the man must be demonstrable :
a task for which , curiously , she was required to show , or to possess , neither intelligence nor knowledge ( ‘ be good sweet maid and let who will be clever ’ , as charles kingsley put it ) . this was not merely because the new function of the bourgeois wife , to show off the capacity of the bourgeois husband to keep her in leisure and luxury , conflicted with the old [purposes] of actually running a household , but also because her inferiority to the man must be demonstrable :

Ken , though , was in one of his devil-may-care moods and continued the chat about cocks , fucks and other parts of the body and their various functions .
ken , though , was in one of his devil-may-care moods and continued the chat about cocks , fucks and other parts of the body and their various [purposes] .

Figure 7.4 Aggregate supply functions at different real wage rates
figure 7.4 aggregate supply [purposes] at different real wage rates

The first step in the proceedings taken by a defendant is now governed by Ords 12 and 13 and has two functions — to acknowledge that he has been served with the writ and to give the plaintiff notice that he intends to defend the proceedings .
the first step in the proceedings taken by a defendant is now governed by ords 12 and 13 and has two [purposes] — to acknowledge that he has been served with the writ and to give the plaintiff notice that he intends to defend the proceedings .

The principal object of the formation of a service company will be to carry out administrative functions concerned with the running of the practice — eg the employment of staff , hiring premises , furniture and equipment and general maintenance .
the principal object of the formation of a service company will be to carry out administrative [purposes] concerned with the running of the practice — eg the employment of staff , hiring premises , furniture and equipment and general maintenance .

Experts are a distinct species of dispute resolver whose activities are subject to little or no control by the court , from whose decisions there is no appeal , but who may nevertheless be liable for negligence in performing these otherwise unreviewable functions .
experts are a distinct species of dispute resolver whose activities are subject to little or no control by the court , from whose decisions there is no appeal , but who may nevertheless be liable for negligence in performing these otherwise unreviewable [purposes] .

Referring issues to the firm holding a particular position is especially popular in share valuation and other functions entrusted to the firm of auditors for the time being of the company in question .
referring issues to the firm holding a particular position is especially popular in share valuation and other [purposes] entrusted to the firm of auditors for the time being of the company in question .

An expert can pursue his own investigations into the issue he has to decide , and traditionally that is one of the functions which differentiates his role from that of an arbitrator : 15.6.3 .
an expert can pursue his own investigations into the issue he has to decide , and traditionally that is one of the [purposes] which differentiates his role from that of an arbitrator : 15.6.3 .

One might suppose that to be based on the completely illogical argumentall persons carrying out judicial functions must act fairly , therefore all persons who must act fairly are carrying out judicial functions .
one might suppose that to be based on the completely illogical argumentall persons carrying out judicial [purposes] must act fairly , therefore all persons who must act fairly are carrying out judicial [purposes] .

If immunity [ of an arbitrator or quasi-arbitrator ] is claimed then it is for the person claiming it to shew that the functions in the performance of which he was negligent were sufficiently judicial in character .
if immunity [ of an arbitrator or quasi-arbitrator ] is claimed then it is for the person claiming it to shew that the [purposes] in the performance of which he was negligent were sufficiently judicial in character .

To be an arbitrator , the referee will have to be shown , in deciding the matter between the parties , to have exercised the functions of a judge .
to be an arbitrator , the referee will have to be shown , in deciding the matter between the parties , to have exercised the [purposes] of a judge .

The main aims will be to : ( a ) identify particular commercial/legal problems of such magnitude as to cause the investor to withdraw or adjust its terms , including the price , either directly or indirectly through indemnities ; ( b ) flush out any unknown or understated liabilities and ensure the vendor will deliver good title ( free from encumbrances ) to the assets ; ( c ) ascertain more precisely the worth of the target business to the buyer and to provide an effective means of valuing the shares or the assets ; and ( d ) provide a clear understanding of how the business functions , including the operation of its financial and management systems .
the main aims will be to : ( a ) identify particular commercial/legal problems of such magnitude as to cause the investor to withdraw or adjust its terms , including the price , either directly or indirectly through indemnities ; ( b ) flush out any unknown or understated liabilities and ensure the vendor will deliver good title ( free from encumbrances ) to the assets ; ( c ) ascertain more precisely the worth of the target business to the buyer and to provide an effective means of valuing the shares or the assets ; and ( d ) provide a clear understanding of how the business [purposes] , including the operation of its financial and management systems .

The terms of appointment and objectives of any such advisers , and the division of functions between them , should be clearly set out , in order to produce material of the greatest utility and so as not to duplicate work and inflate costs .
the terms of appointment and objectives of any such advisers , and the division of [purposes] between them , should be clearly set out , in order to produce material of the greatest utility and so as not to duplicate work and inflate costs .

The following were among the findings reported at a conference in Anchorage , Alaska : — brain damage in seals similar to that found in people who die from solvent abuse ; this would have disoriented the animals and affected basic physiological functions like breathing ; it is suspected that many seals drowned , but because dead seals sink an accurate assessment of deaths has not been possible ; — the disappearance of a group of killer whales that had lived in the sound , possibly also due to the " solvent abuse effect " ; — deaths among sea otters not only from hypothermia ( because oil stuck to their fur destroyed its insulating properties ) but from emphysema caused by breathing in toxic fumes and from liver and kidney damage caused by ingesting oil ; — failure to breed among many species of birds since the accident , either because of the death rate within colonies at the time ( in the case of guillemots ) or because continued exposure to oil-polluted food sources is preventing reproduction ; — death tolls of up to 40 per cent for eggs laid by salmon , herring and other fish , and deformities and withered muscles among fish that did hatch .
the following were among the findings reported at a conference in anchorage , alaska : — brain damage in seals similar to that found in people who die from solvent abuse ; this would have disoriented the animals and affected basic physiological [purposes] like breathing ; it is suspected that many seals drowned , but because dead seals sink an accurate assessment of deaths has not been possible ; — the disappearance of a group of killer whales that had lived in the sound , possibly also due to the " solvent abuse effect " ; — deaths among sea otters not only from hypothermia ( because oil stuck to their fur destroyed its insulating properties ) but from emphysema caused by breathing in toxic fumes and from liver and kidney damage caused by ingesting oil ; — failure to breed among many species of birds since the accident , either because of the death rate within colonies at the time ( in the case of guillemots ) or because continued exposure to oil-polluted food sources is preventing reproduction ; — death tolls of up to 40 per cent for eggs laid by salmon , herring and other fish , and deformities and withered muscles among fish that did hatch .

The Russian government of President Boris Yeltsin has announced it will take over all the Russian facilities and functions of the former Soviet Ministry of Atomic Power , Engineering and Industry .
the russian government of president boris yeltsin has announced it will take over all the russian facilities and [purposes] of the former soviet ministry of atomic power , engineering and industry .

The party 's election manifesto promised to establish an agency combining the functions of the National Rivers Authority , the Inspectorate of Pollution and the local councils ' waste regulation activities .
the party 's election manifesto promised to establish an agency combining the [purposes] of the national rivers authority , the inspectorate of pollution and the local councils ' waste regulation activities .

In the 1970s , and especially in the wake of the two general elections of 1974 , the extent to which the electoral system was capable of fulfilling such functions became a matter of controversy .
in the 1970s , and especially in the wake of the two general elections of 1974 , the extent to which the electoral system was capable of fulfilling such [purposes] became a matter of controversy .

Obviously we have no trouble in performing all our normal visual functions , even playing squash or ping-pong , in a visual world `` pulsed `` at such a high frequency .
obviously we have no trouble in performing all our normal visual [purposes] , even playing squash or ping-pong , in a visual world `` pulsed `` at such a high frequency .

The eye either functions as a whole , or not at all .
the eye either [purposes] as a whole , or not at all .

The claim that `` The eye either functions as a whole , or not at all `` turns out to be , not merely false but self-evidently false to anybody who thinks for 2 seconds about his own familiar experience .
the claim that `` the eye either [purposes] as a whole , or not at all `` turns out to be , not merely false but self-evidently false to anybody who thinks for 2 seconds about his own familiar experience .

Francis showed how a similar separation and differentiation of functions , with domestic service being concealed from the public portion of the house , was repeated in a more compressed form in Victorian lower middle class detached and semi-detached villas .
francis showed how a similar separation and differentiation of [purposes] , with domestic service being concealed from the public portion of the house , was repeated in a more compressed form in victorian lower middle class detached and semi-detached villas .

Forms embody and enable not only technical functions ( utility ) but `` ways of life `` .
forms embody and enable not only technical [purposes] ( utility ) but `` ways of life `` .

In this situation neither the academy nor design itself can any longer be aware of design 's actual social content ( designed without explicit social formative function , such functions are `` achieved despite design 's comprehension `` ) .
in this situation neither the academy nor design itself can any longer be aware of design 's actual social content ( designed without explicit social formative function , such [purposes] are `` achieved despite design 's comprehension `` ) .

But worse , at this point design can " no longer be aware of itself for to separate the social formative and communicative-representational functions is to reduce itself , to make its activity into a variation of technical activity , unimportant in itself , important only in so far as a problem can be solved through it , a product constructed .
but worse , at this point design can " no longer be aware of itself for to separate the social formative and communicative-representational [purposes] is to reduce itself , to make its activity into a variation of technical activity , unimportant in itself , important only in so far as a problem can be solved through it , a product constructed .

This is the author 's own statement of intent in the Introduction : Ryan sees the essence of fictionality as an act of `` recentering `` , whereby the world of reference of a text is shifted from the actual world to an alternative possible world , which functions as the actual world of the universe projected by the text ( Chapter 1 ) .
this is the author 's own statement of intent in the introduction : ryan sees the essence of fictionality as an act of `` recentering `` , whereby the world of reference of a text is shifted from the actual world to an alternative possible world , which [purposes] as the actual world of the universe projected by the text ( chapter 1 ) .

De Man places the image firmly on the side of the inner world , a metaphor that functions as the paradigm of the synthetic power of Marcel 's imagination .
de man places the image firmly on the side of the inner world , a metaphor that [purposes] as the paradigm of the synthetic power of marcel 's imagination .

As was pointed out in Section 1 , one of the functions of the present study is to cater for the interests of those seeking replicable materials for English-language teaching .
as was pointed out in section 1 , one of the [purposes] of the present study is to cater for the interests of those seeking replicable materials for english-language teaching .

The only real answer she provides is the joke-capping session itself , which then forms the topic of the rest of the chapter ; but more could be said , for example , on the functions of joke-telling ( for breaking down taboos , reassuring , releasing tension , passing the time , indirect criticising , etc ) ; and on the relation of joke-telling to questions of `` power `` and `` solidarity `` .
the only real answer she provides is the joke-capping session itself , which then forms the topic of the rest of the chapter ; but more could be said , for example , on the [purposes] of joke-telling ( for breaking down taboos , reassuring , releasing tension , passing the time , indirect criticising , etc ) ; and on the relation of joke-telling to questions of `` power `` and `` solidarity `` .

In all this work he functions as a kindly nurse who has no other business than to care for the well-being of her charge .
in all this work he [purposes] as a kindly nurse who has no other business than to care for the well-being of her charge .

However , rather than this being the case , is the fact that the government is supporting community economic development an admission that the state , through its economic development functions , has failed to provide opportunities which enable people in ‘ deprived ’ areas to become economically active and empowered and that something new was needed for areas of worst disadvantage ? As such , is it an attempt to involve local people in assessing the extent and nature of their problems and a means of involving them in developing new types of solutions ?
however , rather than this being the case , is the fact that the government is supporting community economic development an admission that the state , through its economic development [purposes] , has failed to provide opportunities which enable people in ‘ deprived ’ areas to become economically active and empowered and that something new was needed for areas of worst disadvantage ? as such , is it an attempt to involve local people in assessing the extent and nature of their problems and a means of involving them in developing new types of solutions ?

This is the ideal venue for functions such as wedding receptions , business meetings and corporate promotions .
this is the ideal venue for [purposes] such as wedding receptions , business meetings and corporate promotions .

There was a powerful stench of urine also , as if he no longer went outside to perform his natural functions .
there was a powerful stench of urine also , as if he no longer went outside to perform his natural [purposes] .

What on earth would people think if Miriam started talking of a gentleman 's natural functions in front of the wedding guests when she and Fleury got married ; in some ways the prospect of such a solecism seemed more terrible to Louise than the possibility of one or both of them not surviving the siege .
what on earth would people think if miriam started talking of a gentleman 's natural [purposes] in front of the wedding guests when she and fleury got married ; in some ways the prospect of such a solecism seemed more terrible to louise than the possibility of one or both of them not surviving the siege .

" There seem to be more fires than ever on the hill tonight , " said Louise brightly , hoping to divert Miriam from any further discussion of the Collector 's natural functions . " How they shouted during the attack this afternoon ! "
" there seem to be more fires than ever on the hill tonight , " said louise brightly , hoping to divert miriam from any further discussion of the collector 's natural [purposes] . " how they shouted during the attack this afternoon ! "

`` When you inhale the poison of cholera it kills or impairs the functions of the ganglionic nerves which line the air-cells of the lungs … hence , the vital chemistry of the lungs is suspended ; neither caloric nor vital electricity is evolved hence , the coldness which is so typical of cholera .
`` when you inhale the poison of cholera it kills or impairs the [purposes] of the ganglionic nerves which line the air-cells of the lungs … hence , the vital chemistry of the lungs is suspended ; neither caloric nor vital electricity is evolved hence , the coldness which is so typical of cholera .

It is an obvious guess that these are social signals of some kind — instructions to the rest of the shoal , summons to mates — but much more work has to be done before their exact functions are properly understood .
it is an obvious guess that these are social signals of some kind — instructions to the rest of the shoal , summons to mates — but much more work has to be done before their exact [purposes] are properly understood .

In the case of metalinguistic and comprehension tasks , the disembedded quality of the tasks is often related to the requirement that children think about particular words or phrases in isolation from their linguistic and non-linguistic contexts , and in isolation from their usual communicative functions .
in the case of metalinguistic and comprehension tasks , the disembedded quality of the tasks is often related to the requirement that children think about particular words or phrases in isolation from their linguistic and non-linguistic contexts , and in isolation from their usual communicative [purposes] .

Explanations can serve a variety of functions .
explanations can serve a variety of [purposes] .

Two functions of particular interest are : ‘ sharing ’ and ‘ displaying ’ .
two [purposes] of particular interest are : ‘ sharing ’ and ‘ displaying ’ .

These functions relate to the speaker 's reasons for making public his understanding .
these [purposes] relate to the speaker 's reasons for making public his understanding .

This brings us back to the importance of considering the functions which explanations serve in particular contexts .
this brings us back to the importance of considering the [purposes] which explanations serve in particular contexts .

It is argued that the adult enables dialogue to take place by providing a number of important communicative functions , such as the following :
it is argued that the adult enables dialogue to take place by providing a number of important communicative [purposes] , such as the following :

They hold that the adult 's role should involve helping children to understand the functions of print , including those of ‘ public print ’ , reading stories aloud to them , and sharing books with them , but little else .
they hold that the adult 's role should involve helping children to understand the [purposes] of print , including those of ‘ public print ’ , reading stories aloud to them , and sharing books with them , but little else .

He was also working for the British Council , writing for foreign magazines and attending functions organized by the Anglo-Swedish Society or the Norwegian Institute , as well as seeing American G.I.s stationed in London — it seemed to him on occasions that every American sergeant wrote verse .
he was also working for the british council , writing for foreign magazines and attending [purposes] organized by the anglo-swedish society or the norwegian institute , as well as seeing american g.i.s stationed in london — it seemed to him on occasions that every american sergeant wrote verse .

It was his general attitude of irresponsibility , selfishness , and dislike for any of the functions of kingship other than easy popularity and personal privilege .
it was his general attitude of irresponsibility , selfishness , and dislike for any of the [purposes] of kingship other than easy popularity and personal privilege .

Note again the title and functions .
note again the title and [purposes] .

And the Pioneers were right to see in the dispossession by the consumer interest of the rights of the workers in the Manufacturing Society as a fundamental change of Co-operative purpose and as implying the acceptance of a much more limited expectation for it , but wrong not to recognise that that change , that limitation inhered in the idea of a dividend itself : for that , more than anything else , activated the potential conflict of interest created by the differing functions — that of workers making things for sale and that of consumers buying them to use .
and the pioneers were right to see in the dispossession by the consumer interest of the rights of the workers in the manufacturing society as a fundamental change of co-operative purpose and as implying the acceptance of a much more limited expectation for it , but wrong not to recognise that that change , that limitation inhered in the idea of a dividend itself : for that , more than anything else , activated the potential conflict of interest created by the differing [purposes] — that of workers making things for sale and that of consumers buying them to use .

And how far is their insistence on the complete separation of the functions of trade unionism from those of Co-operative Production conditioned by the earlier Fabian conviction that the principal prerequisite for the beneficial restructuring of society was public ownership , municipal or national , of the means of production and provision ?
and how far is their insistence on the complete separation of the [purposes] of trade unionism from those of co-operative production conditioned by the earlier fabian conviction that the principal prerequisite for the beneficial restructuring of society was public ownership , municipal or national , of the means of production and provision ?

So , in its relations with Government , Co-operation as practised in this country functions as part of the private sector .
so , in its relations with government , co-operation as practised in this country [purposes] as part of the private sector .

The defence and advancement of the interests of their members as employees , traditional functions of trade unions , were to remain their principal raison d'être .
the defence and advancement of the interests of their members as employees , traditional [purposes] of trade unions , were to remain their principal raison d'être .

The chapter opens by recalling that the term ‘ industrial democracy ’ was first used by the Webbs in 1897 as the title of their book on the structure and functions of trade unions .
the chapter opens by recalling that the term ‘ industrial democracy ’ was first used by the webbs in 1897 as the title of their book on the structure and [purposes] of trade unions .

Next in its review of the pressures for change , Chapter 3 turns to the growth of the functions of trade unions .
next in its review of the pressures for change , chapter 3 turns to the growth of the [purposes] of trade unions .

And it is hard to see how unions retaining the functions of protecting and advancing the interests of employees could be expected , or wish , to do so .
and it is hard to see how unions retaining the [purposes] of protecting and advancing the interests of employees could be expected , or wish , to do so .

The growth of collective action by States through international organisations has been achieved primarily through treaties which have been used to define the competence of international organisations , and to perform their functions .
the growth of collective action by states through international organisations has been achieved primarily through treaties which have been used to define the competence of international organisations , and to perform their [purposes] .

Treaties are called upon to perform a wide variety of functions corresponding to distinct transactions in municipal law .
treaties are called upon to perform a wide variety of [purposes] corresponding to distinct transactions in municipal law .

The opinion in the Reparations Case would not have been possible if the classic rule relating to treaties and third parties had prevailed ; instead the Court considered the nature of the United Nations , the terms of its constitutive treaty , its composition , its functions , its rights and duties .
the opinion in the reparations case would not have been possible if the classic rule relating to treaties and third parties had prevailed ; instead the court considered the nature of the united nations , the terms of its constitutive treaty , its composition , its [purposes] , its rights and duties .

Member States create an organisation with defined and limited functions ; they intend the organisation to operate within these restraints , and their acceptance of the duties of membership rests upon this assumption .
member states create an organisation with defined and limited [purposes] ; they intend the organisation to operate within these restraints , and their acceptance of the duties of membership rests upon this assumption .

The Organisation would have been without a legally constituted Safety Committee and unable to perform its designated functions .
the organisation would have been without a legally constituted safety committee and unable to perform its designated [purposes] .

The Court advised that the exclusive power of referral to arbitration belonged to the Mixed Commission , which had been established by the parties as a separate legal entity with specified functions .
the court advised that the exclusive power of referral to arbitration belonged to the mixed commission , which had been established by the parties as a separate legal entity with specified [purposes] .

Judge Lauterpacht however felt that extension of the Organisation 's powers could only be justified where it was necessary for the performance of its functions and , in this instance , was caused by South Africa 's non-performance of its obligations .
judge lauterpacht however felt that extension of the organisation 's powers could only be justified where it was necessary for the performance of its [purposes] and , in this instance , was caused by south africa 's non-performance of its obligations .

It can be justified as preserving the independence of the organisation , and the freedom of action to perform its functions .
it can be justified as preserving the independence of the organisation , and the freedom of action to perform its [purposes] .

It held that the Trust Territory had two functions : it was the mechanism through which the United States fulfilled its duties under the Trusteeship Agreement , and was also a body with a separate status .
it held that the trust territory had two [purposes] : it was the mechanism through which the united states fulfilled its duties under the trusteeship agreement , and was also a body with a separate status .

What impressed her most of all was his knowledge of the town itself , and of the way a town functions .
what impressed her most of all was his knowledge of the town itself , and of the way a town [purposes] .

Nobody ever dropped in , and her parents never went out , save to large and joyless civil functions , or to the cinema .
nobody ever dropped in , and her parents never went out , save to large and joyless civil [purposes] , or to the cinema .

Time and size are not normally functions of performance !
time and size are not normally [purposes] of performance !

The forebrain is that part of the brain which governs what we see as our higher functions — the interpretation of perception , thought and imagination .
the forebrain is that part of the brain which governs what we see as our higher [purposes] — the interpretation of perception , thought and imagination .

On the other hand , over-approbation of the performance of eliminatory functions in the `` right `` place and circumstances may , by association , have complicated psychological effect .
on the other hand , over-approbation of the performance of eliminatory [purposes] in the `` right `` place and circumstances may , by association , have complicated psychological effect .

The epithets `` naughty `` and `` dirty `` arise , perhaps reinforcing terms used at an earlier stage as regards the eliminatory functions or inadvertent sexual display .
the epithets `` naughty `` and `` dirty `` arise , perhaps reinforcing terms used at an earlier stage as regards the eliminatory [purposes] or inadvertent sexual display .

In any situation , including the professional one , the social worker functions as a sexual creature , subject to his or her own sexual urges , needs , desires , hang-ups , inhibitions , fantasies and attitudes .
in any situation , including the professional one , the social worker [purposes] as a sexual creature , subject to his or her own sexual urges , needs , desires , hang-ups , inhibitions , fantasies and attitudes .

Scalar functions often arise which are linear and homogeneous in two sets of variables x1 , … , xn and y1 , … , ym .
scalar [purposes] often arise which are linear and homogeneous in two sets of variables x1 , … , xn and y1 , … , ym .

We have already defined a lambda-matrix of which the elements are rational integral functions of some parameter Such matrices arise in many problems of mechanics .
we have already defined a lambda-matrix of which the elements are rational integral [purposes] of some parameter such matrices arise in many problems of mechanics .

We can write these as where the column matrices are all functions of time .
we can write these as where the column matrices are all [purposes] of time .

Using elementary operations of this kind , we may construct a canonical form of lambda-matrices , which is diagonal , the elements in the diagonal being functions of .
using elementary operations of this kind , we may construct a canonical form of lambda-matrices , which is diagonal , the elements in the diagonal being [purposes] of .

Since f is a function of λ which vanishes at the eigenvalues , we may use it in the Newton-Raphson method to obtain an improved approximation : , the zero suffixes indicating that the functions are calculated for .
since f is a function of λ which vanishes at the eigenvalues , we may use it in the newton-raphson method to obtain an improved approximation : , the zero suffixes indicating that the [purposes] are calculated for .

In place of ( 2 ) we write ; by the same argument as before , we set , , hence from ( 4 ) , ( 9 ) and ( 10 ) , yielding , , and on comparison of ( 12 ) with ( 7 ) we see that h and g are identical ; this is not surprising , since they are evidently similar functions and have the same zeros , i.e .
in place of ( 2 ) we write ; by the same argument as before , we set , , hence from ( 4 ) , ( 9 ) and ( 10 ) , yielding , , and on comparison of ( 12 ) with ( 7 ) we see that h and g are identical ; this is not surprising , since they are evidently similar [purposes] and have the same zeros , i.e .

We have so far limited our interpretation of `` style `` and `` stylistics `` to match the kind of activity in which we wish to engage : the study of language as used in literary texts , with the aim of relating it to its artistic functions .
we have so far limited our interpretation of `` style `` and `` stylistics `` to match the kind of activity in which we wish to engage : the study of language as used in literary texts , with the aim of relating it to its artistic [purposes] .

That language can perform varied functions or communicative roles is a commonplace of linguistic thought .
that language can perform varied [purposes] or communicative roles is a commonplace of linguistic thought .

It can be seen that pluralists tend to disagree on what the functions are , and even on their number .
it can be seen that pluralists tend to disagree on what the [purposes] are , and even on their number .

They also disagree on how functions are manifested in literary language .
they also disagree on how [purposes] are manifested in literary language .

Richards holds that in poetry the function of `` feeling `` tends to dominate that of `` sense `` , while Jakobson identifies a special `` poetic `` function , which can be found in many uses of language , but which dominates over other functions in poetry .
richards holds that in poetry the function of `` feeling `` tends to dominate that of `` sense `` , while jakobson identifies a special `` poetic `` function , which can be found in many uses of language , but which dominates over other [purposes] in poetry .

Although Halliday does not commit himself to a functional definition of literary language , he does recognize that different kinds of literary writing may foreground different functions .
although halliday does not commit himself to a functional definition of literary language , he does recognize that different kinds of literary writing may foreground different [purposes] .

It will be remembered that when ( 1.5 ) the pluralist view of style was first introduced , it was associated with a plurality of language functions , as in the threefold functional scheme of Halliday , who distinguishes between ideational , interpersonal , and textual functions .
it will be remembered that when ( 1.5 ) the pluralist view of style was first introduced , it was associated with a plurality of language [purposes] , as in the threefold functional scheme of halliday , who distinguishes between ideational , interpersonal , and textual [purposes] .

We shall accept Halliday 's three functions , although not his precise interpretation of them .
we shall accept halliday 's three [purposes] , although not his precise interpretation of them .

In ordinary language use , the three functions represent three coexisting ways in which language has to be adapted to its users ' communicative needs .
in ordinary language use , the three [purposes] represent three coexisting ways in which language has to be adapted to its users ' communicative needs .

We shall have more to say about these functions in later chapters , but will meanwhile point out that these functions and the needs they serve are interrelated : success in interpersonal communication depends in part on success in transmitting a message , which in turn depends in part on success in terms of text production .
we shall have more to say about these [purposes] in later chapters , but will meanwhile point out that these [purposes] and the needs they serve are interrelated : success in interpersonal communication depends in part on success in transmitting a message , which in turn depends in part on success in terms of text production .

Thus when we refer to stylistic variation , we are concerned with the three coding levels , and when we refer to stylistic value , we are concerned with the three functions .
thus when we refer to stylistic variation , we are concerned with the three coding levels , and when we refer to stylistic value , we are concerned with the three [purposes] .

If we speak of the stylistic values of a non-literary text , we are interested in the way in which linguistic choices are adapted to communicative function — to such functions as newspaper reporting , advertising , scientific exposition .
if we speak of the stylistic values of a non-literary text , we are interested in the way in which linguistic choices are adapted to communicative function — to such [purposes] as newspaper reporting , advertising , scientific exposition .

When librarians and others consider the educational functions of libraries there is a variety of aspects and contributions which it will be useful here to distinguish .
when librarians and others consider the educational [purposes] of libraries there is a variety of aspects and contributions which it will be useful here to distinguish .

There 's little reason why you need to sub-contract cleaning , transportation or other functions unless you ca n't be bothered to manage .
there 's little reason why you need to sub-contract cleaning , transportation or other [purposes] unless you ca n't be bothered to manage .

Being the best `` and `` customer service excellence `` are attitudes of mind , not functions of personality .
being the best `` and `` customer service excellence `` are attitudes of mind , not [purposes] of personality .

Selling computers well and producing baked beans efficiently are functions of skill , not of personality .
selling computers well and producing baked beans efficiently are [purposes] of skill , not of personality .

He was obliged to attend some party functions and to receive the chief guests along with the hostess , but he received little pleasure from such occasions and rarely attended them outside London .
he was obliged to attend some party [purposes] and to receive the chief guests along with the hostess , but he received little pleasure from such occasions and rarely attended them outside london .

Within the overall discursive architecture of the Report this narrative functions as the cultural-historical foundation for qualitative judgements of standards of correctness , and for a perception of contemporary cultural crisis .
within the overall discursive architecture of the report this narrative [purposes] as the cultural-historical foundation for qualitative judgements of standards of correctness , and for a perception of contemporary cultural crisis .

From its first issue it identified itself as a coordinating centre for research in English studies , and indeed , the development of an identity based upon research for the discipline can be seen to have been one of its major functions .
from its first issue it identified itself as a coordinating centre for research in english studies , and indeed , the development of an identity based upon research for the discipline can be seen to have been one of its major [purposes] .

When in the 1960s English was subjected to the pressures of massive institutional change , the new model provided the context for a whole sequence of disciplinary disputes , Indeed , in the course of the latter decade the figure of the `` mature man `` became increasingly discredited , or at least challenged as the appropriate basis for the discipline `` cultural aims and functions .
when in the 1960s english was subjected to the pressures of massive institutional change , the new model provided the context for a whole sequence of disciplinary disputes , indeed , in the course of the latter decade the figure of the `` mature man `` became increasingly discredited , or at least challenged as the appropriate basis for the discipline `` cultural aims and [purposes] .

The functions of the buildings in their tightly packed site are difficult to determine .
the [purposes] of the buildings in their tightly packed site are difficult to determine .

It is a quite deliberate attempt to depaganise the site by someone who wished to use it for other functions .
it is a quite deliberate attempt to depaganise the site by someone who wished to use it for other [purposes] .

In this context , too , it is important to realize that law plays only a relatively minor role in regulating the exercise of government functions .
in this context , too , it is important to realize that law plays only a relatively minor role in regulating the exercise of government [purposes] .

First , since the government has the job of running the country it must have some functions , powers and duties which private individuals do not have ; obvious examples are the waging of war and the issuing of passports .
first , since the government has the job of running the country it must have some [purposes] , powers and duties which private individuals do not have ; obvious examples are the waging of war and the issuing of passports .

The fact that some of the activities and functions of governmental agencies are subject to the rules of private law shows that we can not ( contrary to the tentative definition of public law suggested earlier ) answer this question solely in terms of whether we are dealing with a governmental agency .
the fact that some of the activities and [purposes] of governmental agencies are subject to the rules of private law shows that we can not ( contrary to the tentative definition of public law suggested earlier ) answer this question solely in terms of whether we are dealing with a governmental agency .

But once we add this functional criterion we create a different problem : sometimes non-governmental bodies perform functions which we might consider to be governmental ( or ‘ public ’ ) in nature ( or , in other words , most appropriately conducted by government ) .
but once we add this functional criterion we create a different problem : sometimes non-governmental bodies perform [purposes] which we might consider to be governmental ( or ‘ public ’ ) in nature ( or , in other words , most appropriately conducted by government ) .

For example , professional bodies such as the Law Society or the General Medical Council perform licensing functions designed to protect the public generally against unqualified practitioners .
for example , professional bodies such as the law society or the general medical council perform licensing [purposes] designed to protect the public generally against unqualified practitioners .

Many would think it quite appropriate for government to perform these regulatory functions , and if these non-governmental bodies did not perform them , government would almost certainly step in to fill the gap .
many would think it quite appropriate for government to perform these regulatory [purposes] , and if these non-governmental bodies did not perform them , government would almost certainly step in to fill the gap .

Furthermore , sometimes the government expressly delegates public administrative functions to non-governmental bodies : for example , under the Financial Services Act 1986 the Securities and Investments Board exercises a wide range of regulatory functions delegated to it by the Secretary of State ; the Board of Deputies of British Jews plays an important role in policing certain Sunday Trading laws ; the Wood Green Animal Shelter in North London runs the government 's computerized register of fighting dogs ; and the Rowntree Trust ( a private charitable organization ) administers the Family Fund ( a public fund to assist families of severely handicapped children ) .
furthermore , sometimes the government expressly delegates public administrative [purposes] to non-governmental bodies : for example , under the financial services act 1986 the securities and investments board exercises a wide range of regulatory [purposes] delegated to it by the secretary of state ; the board of deputies of british jews plays an important role in policing certain sunday trading laws ; the wood green animal shelter in north london runs the government 's computerized register of fighting dogs ; and the rowntree trust ( a private charitable organization ) administers the family fund ( a public fund to assist families of severely handicapped children ) .

It may not be thought satisfactory to control and regulate non-governmental bodies which exercise ‘ public ’ functions just by applying private law rules and concepts to their activities .
it may not be thought satisfactory to control and regulate non-governmental bodies which exercise ‘ public ’ [purposes] just by applying private law rules and concepts to their activities .

Perhaps , therefore , we should say that public law ought to govern the exercise of public functions whether by governmental or non-governmental bodies .
perhaps , therefore , we should say that public law ought to govern the exercise of public [purposes] whether by governmental or non-governmental bodies .

This definition , however , does not enable us to say which functions are public functions , but only to give a reason why certain functions are classified as public .
this definition , however , does not enable us to say which [purposes] are public [purposes] , but only to give a reason why certain [purposes] are classified as public .

In Britain this shift most obviously took the form of the sale of ( shares in ) state-owned industries and the sale of council houses ; but other manifestations of the shift included provision for the ‘ contracting out ’ by local authorities of various functions to private contractors and moves towards the ‘ privatization ’ of certain types of prison facilities .
in britain this shift most obviously took the form of the sale of ( shares in ) state-owned industries and the sale of council houses ; but other manifestations of the shift included provision for the ‘ contracting out ’ by local authorities of various [purposes] to private contractors and moves towards the ‘ privatization ’ of certain types of prison facilities .

The fact that activities can be shifted from the public to the private sector ( and vice-versa ) suggests that the classification of functions or institutions as public or private according to their intrinsic nature is not the way to decide the scope of public law .
the fact that activities can be shifted from the public to the private sector ( and vice-versa ) suggests that the classification of [purposes] or institutions as public or private according to their intrinsic nature is not the way to decide the scope of public law .

In summary , we can say that public law rules and principles ( including the rules of judicial review ) ought to apply to the exercise ( or non-exercise ) of public functions ; and that public functions are functions which ought to be subject to public law controls .
in summary , we can say that public law rules and principles ( including the rules of judicial review ) ought to apply to the exercise ( or non-exercise ) of public [purposes] ; and that public [purposes] are [purposes] which ought to be subject to public law controls .

Since many of the functions performed by government bodies are uncontroversially public , government bodies are amenable to judicial review .
since many of the [purposes] performed by government bodies are uncontroversially public , government bodies are amenable to judicial review .

There are also a large number of agencies and bodies which are not actually part of central government departments but which are funded by central government and staffed by civil servants and which perform public functions : examples include the Equal Opportunities Commission , the Police Complaints Authority , the Monopolies and Mergers Commission and prison authorities .
there are also a large number of agencies and bodies which are not actually part of central government departments but which are funded by central government and staffed by civil servants and which perform public [purposes] : examples include the equal opportunities commission , the police complaints authority , the monopolies and mergers commission and prison authorities .

On the same basis , non-governmental ( or ‘ private ’ ) bodies which perform public functions may be subject to judicial review .
on the same basis , non-governmental ( or ‘ private ’ ) bodies which perform public [purposes] may be subject to judicial review .

Some examples of such arrangements were given above as illustrations of the way in which governmental functions may be performed by non-governmental bodies .
some examples of such arrangements were given above as illustrations of the way in which governmental [purposes] may be performed by non-governmental bodies .

Corporatist arrangements play a part in the performance of a wide range of government functions including ( as we have seen ) the supply of welfare services and benefits and the regulation of economic and other activity .
corporatist arrangements play a part in the performance of a wide range of government [purposes] including ( as we have seen ) the supply of welfare services and benefits and the regulation of economic and other activity .

To the extent that non-governmental bodies perform functions which government would have to perform if they did not , there is no good reason why such bodies should not be subject to judicial review in the same way as a government body performing equivalent functions would be .
to the extent that non-governmental bodies perform [purposes] which government would have to perform if they did not , there is no good reason why such bodies should not be subject to judicial review in the same way as a government body performing equivalent [purposes] would be .

By extending judicial review to cover such non-governmental bodies performing ‘ public functions ’ , the courts have provided a valuable means ( even if of marginal importance ) of exercising legal control over the pursuit of governmental aims and policies .
by extending judicial review to cover such non-governmental bodies performing ‘ public [purposes] ’ , the courts have provided a valuable means ( even if of marginal importance ) of exercising legal control over the pursuit of governmental aims and policies .

The wider impact of this decision was to define the scope of judicial review not in terms of the source of the power being exercised but rather by reference to the functions of judicial review and its appropriateness in particular cases .
the wider impact of this decision was to define the scope of judicial review not in terms of the source of the power being exercised but rather by reference to the [purposes] of judicial review and its appropriateness in particular cases .

Public Functions
public [purposes]

We have seen that decisions and acts may be subject to judicial review if they are made or done in the exercise of public functions , whether those functions are conferred by statute or common law or neither .
we have seen that decisions and acts may be subject to judicial review if they are made or done in the exercise of public [purposes] , whether those [purposes] are conferred by statute or common law or neither .

But the approach is not adequate by itself : on the one hand , not all of the functions which government consciously decides to perform are public ; and on the other hand , there may well be functions performed by non-governmental bodies which have not attracted government attention , encouragement or participation but which nevertheless are of public importance .
but the approach is not adequate by itself : on the one hand , not all of the [purposes] which government consciously decides to perform are public ; and on the other hand , there may well be [purposes] performed by non-governmental bodies which have not attracted government attention , encouragement or participation but which nevertheless are of public importance .

So at the end of the day it must be for the courts to decide how to classify particular functions , and this can only be done on the basis of some normative judgment about the desirable scope of judicial review .
so at the end of the day it must be for the courts to decide how to classify particular [purposes] , and this can only be done on the basis of some normative judgment about the desirable scope of judicial review .

Legislative , Administrative and Judicial Functions
legislative , administrative and judicial [purposes]

Corresponding to this tripartite division of institutions is a tripartite classification of governmental functions : legislative , administrative , and judicial .
corresponding to this tripartite division of institutions is a tripartite classification of governmental [purposes] : legislative , administrative , and judicial .

Another point to note is that , at certain times in the history of administrative law , a distinction has been drawn between ‘ judicial ’ and ‘ quasi-judicial ’ functions .
another point to note is that , at certain times in the history of administrative law , a distinction has been drawn between ‘ judicial ’ and ‘ quasi-judicial ’ [purposes] .

Quasi-judicial functions , it was thought , were best committed to politically responsible Ministers rather than to courts because ultimately the required decision had to be made on policy grounds .
quasi-judicial [purposes] , it was thought , were best committed to politically responsible ministers rather than to courts because ultimately the required decision had to be made on policy grounds .

This distinction was heavily criticized , chiefly on the ground that courts , when exercising judicial functions , often can not resolve a dispute simply by applying the law but must sometimes exercise discretion on policy grounds to fill gaps in the law ; so the need to have recourse to policy was no reason not to commit a decision to a body which would deal with it in a fully ‘ judicial ’ way .
this distinction was heavily criticized , chiefly on the ground that courts , when exercising judicial [purposes] , often can not resolve a dispute simply by applying the law but must sometimes exercise discretion on policy grounds to fill gaps in the law ; so the need to have recourse to policy was no reason not to commit a decision to a body which would deal with it in a fully ‘ judicial ’ way .

This criticism is part of a wider attack on the use of classification of functions as a criterion for deciding issues such as the availability of judicial remedies to control administrative action ( the remedy of certiorari was at one time said to be available only if the decision-maker was under a duty to act ‘ judicially ’ ) , or the applicability of the rules of natural justice in particular circumstances ( sometimes said to apply only to ‘ judicial functions ’ ) .
this criticism is part of a wider attack on the use of classification of [purposes] as a criterion for deciding issues such as the availability of judicial remedies to control administrative action ( the remedy of certiorari was at one time said to be available only if the decision-maker was under a duty to act ‘ judicially ’ ) , or the applicability of the rules of natural justice in particular circumstances ( sometimes said to apply only to ‘ judicial [purposes] ’ ) .

Classification of functions fell into disrepute because the classifications were often applied mechanically and without it being asked whether judicial review ought to be available , or whether the rules of natural justice ought to apply as a matter of fairness or policy .
classification of [purposes] fell into disrepute because the classifications were often applied mechanically and without it being asked whether judicial review ought to be available , or whether the rules of natural justice ought to apply as a matter of fairness or policy .

But the House of Lords has since made it clear that the scope of judicial review does not depend on any distinction between judicial and administrative functions but on whether the challenged decision affects the applicant 's rights or legitimate expectations and on arguments about the suitability and propriety of judicial review in the circumstances of the case .
but the house of lords has since made it clear that the scope of judicial review does not depend on any distinction between judicial and administrative [purposes] but on whether the challenged decision affects the applicant 's rights or legitimate expectations and on arguments about the suitability and propriety of judicial review in the circumstances of the case .

Not only may judicial and administrative functions be subject to judicial review , but so also may legislative ( or ‘ rule-making ’ ) functions .
not only may judicial and administrative [purposes] be subject to judicial review , but so also may legislative ( or ‘ rule-making ’ ) [purposes] .

Fourthly , there are rules made by non-governmental bodies which exercise public functions but enjoy no statutory or common law power to make rules to regulate the conduct of members of the public .
fourthly , there are rules made by non-governmental bodies which exercise public [purposes] but enjoy no statutory or common law power to make rules to regulate the conduct of members of the public .

Another way of classifying reviewable functions is into the categories of powers and duties .
another way of classifying reviewable [purposes] is into the categories of powers and duties .

Varieties of Government Functions
varieties of government [purposes]

As we have seen , the distinction between public and private functions is important in determining the scope of applicability of the public law principles of judicial review .
as we have seen , the distinction between public and private [purposes] is important in determining the scope of applicability of the public law principles of judicial review .

But there are many other bodies which perform public functions and which , to a greater or lesser extent , operate at the fringes of government .
but there are many other bodies which perform public [purposes] and which , to a greater or lesser extent , operate at the fringes of government .

On the one hand , to the extent that they perform public functions and are financed with public money , there is a good case for subjecting them to appropriate forms of public accountability .
on the one hand , to the extent that they perform public [purposes] and are financed with public money , there is a good case for subjecting them to appropriate forms of public accountability .

As we have seen , this is no longer done in terms of remedies available but mainly by reference to the idea of ‘ public functions ’ .
as we have seen , this is no longer done in terms of remedies available but mainly by reference to the idea of ‘ public [purposes] ’ .

There is no reason why a contractual body performing public functions should not be amenable to these remedies .
there is no reason why a contractual body performing public [purposes] should not be amenable to these remedies .

The force of this statement can be illustrated by referring to the two functions of certiorari .
the force of this statement can be illustrated by referring to the two [purposes] of certiorari .

Given that cases involving the exercise of public functions might also raise issues of private law , it should be made clear that the court hearing an application under public law procedure is to decide all issues raised by the case , whether of public law or private law .
given that cases involving the exercise of public [purposes] might also raise issues of private law , it should be made clear that the court hearing an application under public law procedure is to decide all issues raised by the case , whether of public law or private law .

Lord and Lady Harrowby have moved into a wing to make the state rooms available for conferences and functions .
lord and lady harrowby have moved into a wing to make the state rooms available for conferences and [purposes] .

The two main variants of this approach are , first , that the requirement of consideration restricts voluntary obligations to those created by an agreement establishing an exchange relation because such agreements are in all probability moments of careful deliberation ; and secondly , consideration functions like a formality , such as notorization or a seal , in order to ensure the seriousness of the promise .
the two main variants of this approach are , first , that the requirement of consideration restricts voluntary obligations to those created by an agreement establishing an exchange relation because such agreements are in all probability moments of careful deliberation ; and secondly , consideration [purposes] like a formality , such as notorization or a seal , in order to ensure the seriousness of the promise .

One of the central features of the company is that it separates out the functions of ownership and management .
one of the central features of the company is that it separates out the [purposes] of ownership and management .

In the large public company it is now accepted as part of conventional wisdom that the shareholding is so widely dispersed that each shareholder does not own a significant enough proportion of the company to perform any of the functions of monitoring and supervising the directors that the legal model casts upon him .
in the large public company it is now accepted as part of conventional wisdom that the shareholding is so widely dispersed that each shareholder does not own a significant enough proportion of the company to perform any of the [purposes] of monitoring and supervising the directors that the legal model casts upon him .

Even the policy-making functions will generally be carried out by the executives rather than the board itself .
even the policy-making [purposes] will generally be carried out by the executives rather than the board itself .

Firstly , it represents no more than a proposal for reform of the internal structure of the public company and not an accurate description of how the board at present functions in such a company .
firstly , it represents no more than a proposal for reform of the internal structure of the public company and not an accurate description of how the board at present [purposes] in such a company .

Rather this view asserts that law can not deal with family disputes and behaviour , and that law 's instrumental functions of conflict-resolution and behaviour-guidance are not applicable to personal and family life .
rather this view asserts that law can not deal with family disputes and behaviour , and that law 's instrumental [purposes] of conflict-resolution and behaviour-guidance are not applicable to personal and family life .

Arguments about law 's limits in its exhortatory and dispute-resolution functions present a strong case and are widely advanced .
arguments about law 's limits in its exhortatory and dispute-resolution [purposes] present a strong case and are widely advanced .

Atiyah 's doubts about this trend in late-twentieth-century family law relate to his own model of law as serving conflict-adjustment and hortatory functions , and to his concern for ‘ the generality and universality which the very nature of law seems to require ’ .
atiyah 's doubts about this trend in late-twentieth-century family law relate to his own model of law as serving conflict-adjustment and hortatory [purposes] , and to his concern for ‘ the generality and universality which the very nature of law seems to require ’ .

When proposing this fusion of functions , Tim Renton stressed that the prospective department was not modelled on the French Ministry of Culture ; it will doubtless develop rather ad hoc at the outset and its role , number of staff and size of budget will depend crucially on the views of the new Minister .
when proposing this fusion of [purposes] , tim renton stressed that the prospective department was not modelled on the french ministry of culture ; it will doubtless develop rather ad hoc at the outset and its role , number of staff and size of budget will depend crucially on the views of the new minister .

Such catalogues , the academic carrot which rewards the curator 's endeavours for organising the show , have two disparate functions .
such catalogues , the academic carrot which rewards the curator 's endeavours for organising the show , have two disparate [purposes] .

Both functions are well served in the present volume .
both [purposes] are well served in the present volume .

Namibia 's media institutions can not play an effective role in the process of nation-building and development if they are not staffed with knowledgeable and skilled personnel , nor can they hope to be successful in their general functions to inform and enlighten the Namibian public without adequate professional training and research .
namibia 's media institutions can not play an effective role in the process of nation-building and development if they are not staffed with knowledgeable and skilled personnel , nor can they hope to be successful in their general [purposes] to inform and enlighten the namibian public without adequate professional training and research .

From 1274 to 1289 there was a tendency towards increasing definition of the functions of the seneschals and other officers in the duchy .
from 1274 to 1289 there was a tendency towards increasing definition of the [purposes] of the seneschals and other officers in the duchy .

The seneschals ' functions had therefore become largely judicial .
the seneschals ' [purposes] had therefore become largely judicial .

In Ponthieu the seneschal 's functions did not differ substantially from those or the seneschal of Gascony .
in ponthieu the seneschal 's [purposes] did not differ substantially from those or the seneschal of gascony .

But the need for a military commander certainly did not diminish during Edward 's reign — it became increasingly common for a king-duke 's lieutenant to be appointed to lead the military forces of the duchy , as well as a seneschal with largely judicial functions .
but the need for a military commander certainly did not diminish during edward 's reign — it became increasingly common for a king-duke 's lieutenant to be appointed to lead the military forces of the duchy , as well as a seneschal with largely judicial [purposes] .

This provision has caused a great deal of controversy since different countries have classified certain jobs as public functions , which they may not be in other countries , and this domestic classification has been used as a bar to foreign nationals applying for those jobs .
this provision has caused a great deal of controversy since different countries have classified certain jobs as public [purposes] , which they may not be in other countries , and this domestic classification has been used as a bar to foreign nationals applying for those jobs .

These decisions have meant that museum professionals , art historians and others in the art sector can not be refused employment in another member state by reason of their foreign nationality unless the post ‘ involves direct or indirect participation in the exercise of powers conferred by public law in the discharge of functions whose purpose is to safeguard the general interests of the State or of other public authorities ’ .
these decisions have meant that museum professionals , art historians and others in the art sector can not be refused employment in another member state by reason of their foreign nationality unless the post ‘ involves direct or indirect participation in the exercise of powers conferred by public law in the discharge of [purposes] whose purpose is to safeguard the general interests of the state or of other public authorities ’ .

It may be that the valuation of this position rises as its functions become more symbolic and less utilitarian .
it may be that the valuation of this position rises as its [purposes] become more symbolic and less utilitarian .

Or , to put it another way , the value may rise as functions become centred more around consumption and less around productive activities .
or , to put it another way , the value may rise as [purposes] become centred more around consumption and less around productive activities .

Although Gluckman does not consider the variable of gender , he describes some of the functions of gossip : the unification and affirmation of community values , the control of aspiring individuals and cliques within society , the selection of leaders , the maintenance of group exclusiveness .
although gluckman does not consider the variable of gender , he describes some of the [purposes] of gossip : the unification and affirmation of community values , the control of aspiring individuals and cliques within society , the selection of leaders , the maintenance of group exclusiveness .

For example Few would dispute that women excel at gossiping … In the seemingly endless , and to male ears repetitive , chatter that goes on among women … a massive and encyclopaedic confidence is built up in the gossipers … gossip serves exactly the same grooming functions for the women as poker for the men … As gossip is to ladies and gambling to gentlemen , flirting is to both together .
for example few would dispute that women excel at gossiping … in the seemingly endless , and to male ears repetitive , chatter that goes on among women … a massive and encyclopaedic confidence is built up in the gossipers … gossip serves exactly the same grooming [purposes] for the women as poker for the men … as gossip is to ladies and gambling to gentlemen , flirting is to both together .

The specification of standards and routines has four identifiable functions .
the specification of standards and routines has four identifiable [purposes] .

Through the integration of feminine role learning with self-definition , housekeeping behaviours tend to be developed as personality functions .
through the integration of feminine role learning with self-definition , housekeeping behaviours tend to be developed as personality [purposes] .

Namibia 's media institutions can not play an effective role in the process of nation-building and development if they are not staffed with knowledgeable and skilled personnel , nor can they hope to be successful in their general functions to inform and enlighten the Namibian public without adequate professional training and research .
namibia 's media institutions can not play an effective role in the process of nation-building and development if they are not staffed with knowledgeable and skilled personnel , nor can they hope to be successful in their general [purposes] to inform and enlighten the namibian public without adequate professional training and research .

The current clampdown on drinking and driving has allowed people without embarrassment to ask for soft drinks at functions and market forces have led to an influx of low-alcohol wines and beers .
the current clampdown on drinking and driving has allowed people without embarrassment to ask for soft drinks at [purposes] and market forces have led to an influx of low-alcohol wines and beers .

And then read and learn about the structure of the opposite sex and the ways in which he or she functions .
and then read and learn about the structure of the opposite sex and the ways in which he or she [purposes] .

Their presence does not necessarily ( though it will often , for smooth functions ) imply anything about comparisons between various interior points .
their presence does not necessarily ( though it will often , for smooth [purposes] ) imply anything about comparisons between various interior points .

The real merit in this suggestion is that it is based upon ( in principle ) easily observed magnitudes those calculating the bonus need know only about price , output and cost levels in each period ; they do not need to estimate either demand or cost functions .
the real merit in this suggestion is that it is based upon ( in principle ) easily observed magnitudes those calculating the bonus need know only about price , output and cost levels in each period ; they do not need to estimate either demand or cost [purposes] .

The development of reliable text recognition systems serves two important functions .
the development of reliable text recognition systems serves two important [purposes] .

The development of reliable text recognition systems serves two important functions .
the development of reliable text recognition systems serves two important [purposes] .

The development of reliable text recognition systems serves two important functions .
the development of reliable text recognition systems serves two important [purposes] .

Bottom-up influences include those of the input stimulus and its environment , and top-down influences include expectations and hypotheses that come from higher-level cognitive functions .
bottom-up influences include those of the input stimulus and its environment , and top-down influences include expectations and hypotheses that come from higher-level cognitive [purposes] .

Gagnon and Simon ( and Plummer ) seem to accept the existence of bodily potentialities on which ‘ sexuality ’ draws , and in this they do not seem far removed from Foucault 's version that what ‘ sexuality ’ plays upon are ‘ bodies , organs , somatic localisations , functions , anatamo-physiological systems , sensations , and pleasures ’ , which have no intrinsic unity or ‘ laws ’ of their own .
gagnon and simon ( and plummer ) seem to accept the existence of bodily potentialities on which ‘ sexuality ’ draws , and in this they do not seem far removed from foucault 's version that what ‘ sexuality ’ plays upon are ‘ bodies , organs , somatic localisations , [purposes] , anatamo-physiological systems , sensations , and pleasures ’ , which have no intrinsic unity or ‘ laws ’ of their own .

Sport , as John Gillis put it , in Youth and History , took on many of the functions of the rites of passage once reserved to the Latin language , and enshrined the separation of boys from the world of women .
sport , as john gillis put it , in youth and history , took on many of the [purposes] of the rites of passage once reserved to the latin language , and enshrined the separation of boys from the world of women .

It has been suggested that there are three factors that determine population control : family ideals , both material and non-material ; knowledge of bodily functions , reproduction , health , hygiene , child-care , etc .
it has been suggested that there are three factors that determine population control : family ideals , both material and non-material ; knowledge of bodily [purposes] , reproduction , health , hygiene , child-care , etc .

And in fact public shaming was one of the principal functions of police registration and surveillance .
and in fact public shaming was one of the principal [purposes] of police registration and surveillance .

Doctors feared that their own functions would ultimately be supplanted or controlled by local authority health services and their opposition slowed the development of the inspection and treatment of schoolchildren .
doctors feared that their own [purposes] would ultimately be supplanted or controlled by local authority health services and their opposition slowed the development of the inspection and treatment of schoolchildren .

Both recognized that much involuntary poverty went untouched by the Poor Law and that Poor Law functions overlapped too much with those of other local authorities .
both recognized that much involuntary poverty went untouched by the poor law and that poor law [purposes] overlapped too much with those of other local authorities .

In practice the boundary between the formation of policy and its execution is not always clear , and politicians sometimes complain that officials usurp the higher functions .
in practice the boundary between the formation of policy and its execution is not always clear , and politicians sometimes complain that officials usurp the higher [purposes] .

According to John Herbert , who became second Secretary of State in 1600 , it had three principal functions : the business of the Queen , in which it ‘ doth handle principally questions and consultations of state ’ ; disputes between party and party , which might involve either criminal or civil suits or a mixture of the two ; and disputes ‘ wherein the Queen is a party ’ .
according to john herbert , who became second secretary of state in 1600 , it had three principal [purposes] : the business of the queen , in which it ‘ doth handle principally questions and consultations of state ’ ; disputes between party and party , which might involve either criminal or civil suits or a mixture of the two ; and disputes ‘ wherein the queen is a party ’ .

Under the Tudors , the granting of money continued to be one of the prime parliamentary functions .
under the tudors , the granting of money continued to be one of the prime parliamentary [purposes] .

Again , the Exchequer is exceptional : finance was kept separate from other functions of government .
again , the exchequer is exceptional : finance was kept separate from other [purposes] of government .

His functions ranged from the fixed and formal to the highly uncertain .
his [purposes] ranged from the fixed and formal to the highly uncertain .

Official posts could be held by four principal types of tenure : durante bene placito , or during the King 's pleasure , which was the least secure ; quam diu se bene gesserit , or during good behaviour , which placed the holder a little more firmly in the saddle ; for life , which made him virtually irremovable from his office , although he could , for flagrant misdemeanours , be suspended from its functions ; and hereditary tenure , which converted the post to a transmissible freehold property .
official posts could be held by four principal types of tenure : durante bene placito , or during the king 's pleasure , which was the least secure ; quam diu se bene gesserit , or during good behaviour , which placed the holder a little more firmly in the saddle ; for life , which made him virtually irremovable from his office , although he could , for flagrant misdemeanours , be suspended from its [purposes] ; and hereditary tenure , which converted the post to a transmissible freehold property .

Thomas Sherer seems to have worked conscientiously as Fox 's deputy , but he could not of course carry out his own functions as Examiner and these had to be performed by deputies , described as ‘ men of small credit ’ and ‘ young men unsworn ’ .
thomas sherer seems to have worked conscientiously as fox 's deputy , but he could not of course carry out his own [purposes] as examiner and these had to be performed by deputies , described as ‘ men of small credit ’ and ‘ young men unsworn ’ .

The Agency will be a main focus of initiative for matters relating to health and safety at work . Its principal functions are :
the agency will be a main focus of initiative for matters relating to health and safety at work . its principal [purposes] are :

Worsley ( 1.1 ) evaluates three key themes related to the family in industrial society : the isolation of the nuclear family , the loss of functions of the family , and the character of relationships between husband and wife , and between parents and children .
worsley ( 1.1 ) evaluates three key themes related to the family in industrial society : the isolation of the nuclear family , the loss of [purposes] of the family , and the character of relationships between husband and wife , and between parents and children .

The family has either lost many of its functions or has become more specialized in these functions .
the family has either lost many of its [purposes] or has become more specialized in these [purposes] .

In particular , the family has lost its central functions as a productive unit in the wider economy .
in particular , the family has lost its central [purposes] as a productive unit in the wider economy .

Thus the more pessimistically inclined will write of a ‘ loss ’ of functions of the family , while the more optimistic sociologists will talk of the ‘ change ’ in and ‘ specialization ’ of these functions .
thus the more pessimistically inclined will write of a ‘ loss ’ of [purposes] of the family , while the more optimistic sociologists will talk of the ‘ change ’ in and ‘ specialization ’ of these [purposes] .

( b ) The loss of functions .
( b ) the loss of [purposes] .

It would appear to be an easy task to show that the nuclear family has progressively lost many of its functions over the past two hundred years .
it would appear to be an easy task to show that the nuclear family has progressively lost many of its [purposes] over the past two hundred years .

Its economic functions , for example , have become severely limited ; once a unit where the members produced jointly ( on a farm or in some form of domestic industry ) as well as consumed jointly , the nuclear family has now simply become a unit of consumption only .
its economic [purposes] , for example , have become severely limited ; once a unit where the members produced jointly ( on a farm or in some form of domestic industry ) as well as consumed jointly , the nuclear family has now simply become a unit of consumption only .

Similarly , it can be maintained , the educational functions of the family have been taken over by more specialized agencies , as have the functions of leisure and protection .
similarly , it can be maintained , the educational [purposes] of the family have been taken over by more specialized agencies , as have the [purposes] of leisure and protection .

Yet , while this account of loss of functions and dwindling significance might appear to be almost self-evident , many sociologists — most notably Talcott Parsons ( in Parsons and Bales , 1956 , pp .
yet , while this account of loss of [purposes] and dwindling significance might appear to be almost self-evident , many sociologists — most notably talcott parsons ( in parsons and bales , 1956 , pp .

The family , he maintains , has not so much lost its functions as it has become more specialized in its functions .
the family , he maintains , has not so much lost its [purposes] as it has become more specialized in its [purposes] .

Parsons argues that the specialized functions of the nuclear family today are twofold : the socialization of immature children ( often called ‘ primary socialization ’ ) , and the stabilization of adult personalities .
parsons argues that the specialized [purposes] of the nuclear family today are twofold : the socialization of immature children ( often called ‘ primary socialization ’ ) , and the stabilization of adult personalities .

The modern nuclear or conjugal family , however , does not simply fulfil the function of socializing children ; according to Parsons , it also fulfils functions for adults .
the modern nuclear or conjugal family , however , does not simply fulfil the function of socializing children ; according to parsons , it also fulfils [purposes] for adults .

These two features of the family in industrial society — its relative isolation and the specialization of its functions — may together suggest that the family enjoys a relatively autonomous status in contemporary society .
these two features of the family in industrial society — its relative isolation and the specialization of its [purposes] — may together suggest that the family enjoys a relatively autonomous status in contemporary society .

If the family can be said to perform functions for the society of which it is a part , it performs these functions indirectly ( that is , through the individuals who , as adults , move out of their own families of origin and form families of procreation ) , and possesses a certain degree of latitude as to the performance of these functions .
if the family can be said to perform [purposes] for the society of which it is a part , it performs these [purposes] indirectly ( that is , through the individuals who , as adults , move out of their own families of origin and form families of procreation ) , and possesses a certain degree of latitude as to the performance of these [purposes] .

Finally , it may be noted — as this previous point suggests — that the account presented by Parsons and others has tended to dwell on the eu functions ( positive functions ) at the expense of the negative or dys functions of this pattern of family living .
finally , it may be noted — as this previous point suggests — that the account presented by parsons and others has tended to dwell on the eu [purposes] ( positive [purposes] ) at the expense of the negative or dys [purposes] of this pattern of family living .

The diversity of provision is a reflection of the different functions it serves for children and their families ( e.g .
the diversity of provision is a reflection of the different [purposes] it serves for children and their families ( e.g .

These trends provide a case study of the general theme raised in Part One , namely the functions of the family in children 's early development .
these trends provide a case study of the general theme raised in part one , namely the [purposes] of the family in children 's early development .

The growth in pre-school services , which in no way matches parental demand , might be seen as clear evidence that some of the family 's functions in child-rearing , even in the earliest years , are being taken over by professionals ( e.g .
the growth in pre-school services , which in no way matches parental demand , might be seen as clear evidence that some of the family 's [purposes] in child-rearing , even in the earliest years , are being taken over by professionals ( e.g .

By the end of the Meiji period control was focused in a highly centralized state whose functions were carried out through Western style political , administrative and judicial institutions operating in the name of the emperor .
by the end of the meiji period control was focused in a highly centralized state whose [purposes] were carried out through western style political , administrative and judicial institutions operating in the name of the emperor .

The neighbourhood associations were used for administrative functions , but members were also encouraged to spy and report on fellow members to minimize disloyalty and unpatriotic behaviour , encouraging an atmosphere of mutual suspicion .
the neighbourhood associations were used for administrative [purposes] , but members were also encouraged to spy and report on fellow members to minimize disloyalty and unpatriotic behaviour , encouraging an atmosphere of mutual suspicion .

They are not so much status-based as functional , but they have an all-pervasive influence on the individual 's life far beyond the narrow functions which are their specific object .
they are not so much status-based as functional , but they have an all-pervasive influence on the individual 's life far beyond the narrow [purposes] which are their specific object .

In this structure the organisation is designed around the different functions required to make and sell its product or service .
in this structure the organisation is designed around the different [purposes] required to make and sell its product or service .

Each company/unit will have its own manufacturing , accounting , sales and purchasing functions .
each company/unit will have its own manufacturing , accounting , sales and purchasing [purposes] .

Because of this , responsibilities and functions were redefined through interactions with others while participating in common tasks .
because of this , responsibilities and [purposes] were redefined through interactions with others while participating in common tasks .

The structure of organisations largely depends upon functions .
the structure of organisations largely depends upon [purposes] .

For them it is important to pinpoint responsibilities and to define functions carefully .
for them it is important to pinpoint responsibilities and to define [purposes] carefully .

Another way of approaching organisational design is to ask questions about the functions which management in organisations need to perform in order to be successful .
another way of approaching organisational design is to ask questions about the [purposes] which management in organisations need to perform in order to be successful .

Their multiple levels of management often involve rigidities which arise from the need to define roles and jobs rigorously in order that functions do not overlap .
their multiple levels of management often involve rigidities which arise from the need to define roles and jobs rigorously in order that [purposes] do not overlap .

Management is the term given to the planning , controlling and decision-making functions within organisations .
management is the term given to the planning , controlling and decision-making [purposes] within organisations .

Personnel/people functions
personnel/people [purposes]

Task functions
task [purposes]

Systems functions
systems [purposes]

Functions such as production , sales , accounting and purchasing are all concerned with the making and selling of a product .
[purposes] such as production , sales , accounting and purchasing are all concerned with the making and selling of a product .

Staff functions on the other hand are those which provide common services to an organisation ( see figure 28 ) .
staff [purposes] on the other hand are those which provide common services to an organisation ( see figure 28 ) .

You should clearly distinguish between line and staff functions .
you should clearly distinguish between line and staff [purposes] .

This paper approaches the topic by examining the motivations , functions , and impact of some aspects of commercial law in market economies , or at least economies moving in that direction .
this paper approaches the topic by examining the motivations , [purposes] , and impact of some aspects of commercial law in market economies , or at least economies moving in that direction .

Additionally , the new law has symbolic functions .
additionally , the new law has symbolic [purposes] .

Functions and Dysfunctions
[purposes] and dysfunctions

At a second level , law functions to facilitate commercial activity through particular doctrines .
at a second level , law [purposes] to facilitate commercial activity through particular doctrines .

Exchange control was introduced in 1930 and has been in force ever since , but subject to the provisions of exchange control it was a basic tenet of pre-communist Hungarian law that foreigners had the same rights as Hungarians in all respects ( but for some professions and performing public functions Hungarian citizenship was necessary ) .
exchange control was introduced in 1930 and has been in force ever since , but subject to the provisions of exchange control it was a basic tenet of pre-communist hungarian law that foreigners had the same rights as hungarians in all respects ( but for some professions and performing public [purposes] hungarian citizenship was necessary ) .

The day-to-day management is in the hands of the managing director , and if the number of members or the importance of the functions of the association or its character justifies it , a supervisory board may be created .
the day-to-day management is in the hands of the managing director , and if the number of members or the importance of the [purposes] of the association or its character justifies it , a supervisory board may be created .

The agency functions under the supervision of the state auditing board and must submit its audited report to parliament from year to year .
the agency [purposes] under the supervision of the state auditing board and must submit its audited report to parliament from year to year .

Political , economic , and scientific functions had gradually freed themselves from religious control .
political , economic , and scientific [purposes] had gradually freed themselves from religious control .

Consequently it is just as well that the injection of expert opinion is one of the functions of the contemporary House of Lords .
consequently it is just as well that the injection of expert opinion is one of the [purposes] of the contemporary house of lords .

In addition to functions directly connected with the process of bringing alleged offenders to justice and supervising their subsequent punishment or treatment , the Home Secretary has responsibility for the operation of the Criminal Injuries Compensation Scheme and other provisions for the victims of crime , and for stimulating crime prevention measures .
in addition to [purposes] directly connected with the process of bringing alleged offenders to justice and supervising their subsequent punishment or treatment , the home secretary has responsibility for the operation of the criminal injuries compensation scheme and other provisions for the victims of crime , and for stimulating crime prevention measures .

Until comparatively recently the list of Home Office functions summarized in Table 3 would have been longer than it now is .
until comparatively recently the list of home office [purposes] summarized in table 3 would have been longer than it now is .

Each of these functions was transferred ( or lost , in the eyes of the Home Office ) to the Lord Chancellor 's Department .
each of these [purposes] was transferred ( or lost , in the eyes of the home office ) to the lord chancellor 's department .

In future the duties of the clerk should be regulated by the Council on Tribunals being confined to secretarial work , the taking of notes of evidence , and advice on the functions of the tribunal .
in future the duties of the clerk should be regulated by the council on tribunals being confined to secretarial work , the taking of notes of evidence , and advice on the [purposes] of the tribunal .

The main argument for a separate Ministry , more extensive in range than a Department of Legal Administration , is that the regulatory functions of the Home Office : the maintenance of public order , the strength of the police , the operation of the prisons and the penal system , immigration control and extradition , create unavoidable conflicts with the promotion of justice .
the main argument for a separate ministry , more extensive in range than a department of legal administration , is that the regulatory [purposes] of the home office : the maintenance of public order , the strength of the police , the operation of the prisons and the penal system , immigration control and extradition , create unavoidable conflicts with the promotion of justice .

As its rival has acquired new functions , the Home Office , so long a repository for a bewildering assortment of responsibilities , has been losing them .
as its rival has acquired new [purposes] , the home office , so long a repository for a bewildering assortment of responsibilities , has been losing them .

In April 1992 , the month in which responsibility for the financing , organization and management of the Magistrates ' courts passed to the Lord Chancellor 's Department , machinery of government changes made in the aftermath of the General Election transferred five existing Home Office functions to other departments .
in april 1992 , the month in which responsibility for the financing , organization and management of the magistrates ' courts passed to the lord chancellor 's department , machinery of government changes made in the aftermath of the general election transferred five existing home office [purposes] to other departments .

Despite some persistent opposition , inside and outside Parliament , the 1961 Act gave a power to make an Order in Council paving the way for the transfer to the Home Office of the functions of the Prison Commission .
despite some persistent opposition , inside and outside parliament , the 1961 act gave a power to make an order in council paving the way for the transfer to the home office of the [purposes] of the prison commission .

Many cases are likewise brought into court , where , on account of the trivial nature of the offence imputed , or the deficiency of proof adduced , prosecutions are undesirable … Policemen assume the functions of public prosecutors ; a practice liable to abuse .
many cases are likewise brought into court , where , on account of the trivial nature of the offence imputed , or the deficiency of proof adduced , prosecutions are undesirable … policemen assume the [purposes] of public prosecutors ; a practice liable to abuse .

Those remaining — nearly 350 — will carry out a variety of functions including work on the purchase and sales of Intervention beef and the Beef Special Premium Scheme .
those remaining — nearly 350 — will carry out a variety of [purposes] including work on the purchase and sales of intervention beef and the beef special premium scheme .

The new game of competing for world market shares alters the order of importance of the functions of the state .
the new game of competing for world market shares alters the order of importance of the [purposes] of the state .

But the trends in the global security structure must be toward a demotion of the military functions of the state .
but the trends in the global security structure must be toward a demotion of the military [purposes] of the state .

Conversely , in most states the economic functions of the state become more important and more powerful .
conversely , in most states the economic [purposes] of the state become more important and more powerful .

Social divisions , described in chapter 6 , complicate the job of those who discharge the functions of the state .
social divisions , described in chapter 6 , complicate the job of those who discharge the [purposes] of the state .

Declining costs of information have been of critical importance in spurring the international growth of service firms and the service functions within manufacturing firms .
declining costs of information have been of critical importance in spurring the international growth of service firms and the service [purposes] within manufacturing firms .

They begin by challenging the current opinion that all peoples share basic functions of the mind such as logical and abstract abilities .
they begin by challenging the current opinion that all peoples share basic [purposes] of the mind such as logical and abstract abilities .

There are a number of sociological and political answers to this question , such as the contention that compulsory schooling serves a variety of social functions , including those of social control , transfer of dominant values etc .
there are a number of sociological and political answers to this question , such as the contention that compulsory schooling serves a variety of social [purposes] , including those of social control , transfer of dominant values etc .

Their central conjecture is that there are functions of language that are significantly affected by the mastery of a writing system , particularly its logical functions .
their central conjecture is that there are [purposes] of language that are significantly affected by the mastery of a writing system , particularly its logical [purposes] .

Written forms , they argue , enable the user to differentiate such functions in a way less possible in oral language .
written forms , they argue , enable the user to differentiate such [purposes] in a way less possible in oral language .

Most utterances , they claim , serve both functions but written forms facilitate the differentiation and separation of the functions .
most utterances , they claim , serve both [purposes] but written forms facilitate the differentiation and separation of the [purposes] .

It thus becomes possible , through writing , to specialise language , to use it to serve a specific function rather than conflating different functions .
it thus becomes possible , through writing , to specialise language , to use it to serve a specific function rather than conflating different [purposes] .

Consequently the interpersonal or social functions of the language can be more or less held constant .
consequently the interpersonal or social [purposes] of the language can be more or less held constant .

The logical functions of language are given free rein .
the logical [purposes] of language are given free rein .

The invention of writing and particularly the attempt to create autonomous text has resulted in a realignment of the two primary functions of language .
the invention of writing and particularly the attempt to create autonomous text has resulted in a realignment of the two primary [purposes] of language .

Written language , on the other hand , makes such interpersonal functions less critical ; it can be conducted over time and space and is less subject to immediate feed-back .
written language , on the other hand , makes such interpersonal [purposes] less critical ; it can be conducted over time and space and is less subject to immediate feed-back .

It follows from these conjectures that members of literate societies have the possibility of developing logical functions , of specialising in the ‘ truth functions ’ of language , and of extracting themselves from the embeddedness of everyday social life .
it follows from these conjectures that members of literate societies have the possibility of developing logical [purposes] , of specialising in the ‘ truth [purposes] ’ of language , and of extracting themselves from the embeddedness of everyday social life .

Even where words are used , this form of education ‘ avoids the classificatory and analytic isolating functions which words have in Western culture ’ ( ibid . )
even where words are used , this form of education ‘ avoids the classificatory and analytic isolating [purposes] which words have in western culture ’ ( ibid . )

The claim that unschooled Wolof children have not developed the ‘ logical functions ’ of language will appear then as no more than a statement that the conventions in which their thinking is expressed are different from those of the researcher herself .
the claim that unschooled wolof children have not developed the ‘ logical [purposes] ’ of language will appear then as no more than a statement that the conventions in which their thinking is expressed are different from those of the researcher herself .

If they can establish that literacy in itself constructs superior logical functions , then it will follow that those without it have inferior logical functions .
if they can establish that literacy in itself constructs superior logical [purposes] , then it will follow that those without it have inferior logical [purposes] .

Greenfield further claims that where Kpelle ‘ concrete ’ education is also verbal , it is still inferior to western verbal education : ‘ It avoids the classificatory and analytic isolating functions which words have in Western culture ’ ( p. 170 ) .
greenfield further claims that where kpelle ‘ concrete ’ education is also verbal , it is still inferior to western verbal education : ‘ it avoids the classificatory and analytic isolating [purposes] which words have in western culture ’ ( p. 170 ) .

Does Greenfield really believe that oral societies lack these functions of language ?
does greenfield really believe that oral societies lack these [purposes] of language ?

To suggest that some oral forms of education involve a use of words that lack ‘ classificatory and analytic isolating functions ’ , as Greenfield does , is meaningless .
to suggest that some oral forms of education involve a use of words that lack ‘ classificatory and analytic isolating [purposes] ’ , as greenfield does , is meaningless .

To claim that such functions are peculiar only to western cultural uses of words is plain ethnocentrism easily refuted by the evidence available .
to claim that such [purposes] are peculiar only to western cultural uses of words is plain ethnocentrism easily refuted by the evidence available .

They support their conjecture that writing enables interpersonal meanings to be dominated by the logical functions of language , for instance , by citing the Royal Society of London .
they support their conjecture that writing enables interpersonal meanings to be dominated by the logical [purposes] of language , for instance , by citing the royal society of london .

‘ Just such a re-alignment [ from interpersonal to logical functions of language ] in historical fact characterised the philosophical bias of the British empiricists as represented , for example , in the charter of the Royal Society of London which demanded ‘ a mathematical plainness of language ’ and a rejection of ‘ all amplifications , digressions and swellings of style ’ ( 1978 , p. 9 ) .
‘ just such a re-alignment [ from interpersonal to logical [purposes] of language ] in historical fact characterised the philosophical bias of the british empiricists as represented , for example , in the charter of the royal society of london which demanded ‘ a mathematical plainness of language ’ and a rejection of ‘ all amplifications , digressions and swellings of style ’ ( 1978 , p. 9 ) .

and those without , and its consequence will depend on the social role , functions and meanings of its practice .
and those without , and its consequence will depend on the social role , [purposes] and meanings of its practice .

If Hildyard and Olson were saying that the form of literacy represented by its essay-text development in European academic institutions facilitates certain social , political or ideological functions that other forms of literacy and oral forms handle less efficiently , then one could test the hypothesis against the social facts .
if hildyard and olson were saying that the form of literacy represented by its essay-text development in european academic institutions facilitates certain social , political or ideological [purposes] that other forms of literacy and oral forms handle less efficiently , then one could test the hypothesis against the social facts .

But they go on to represent these examples as limited qualifications to their general thesis and to argue that nevertheless ‘ literacy fosters the specialisation of the logical functions of language resulting in a focus on sentence meaning per se ’ ( ibid . )
but they go on to represent these examples as limited qualifications to their general thesis and to argue that nevertheless ‘ literacy fosters the specialisation of the logical [purposes] of language resulting in a focus on sentence meaning per se ’ ( ibid . )

More recently , Bloch 's work ( 1975 ) on political language and oratory has provided evidence of ways in which speech is formalised and is used for functions which Goody attributes solely to writing .
more recently , bloch 's work ( 1975 ) on political language and oratory has provided evidence of ways in which speech is formalised and is used for [purposes] which goody attributes solely to writing .

Bloch 's work ( 1975 ) on political language and oratory , as we saw above ( p. 41 ) , provides evidence of ways in which speech is formalised in non-literate and in literate societies alike and is used for the functions which Goody attributes to writing alone .
bloch 's work ( 1975 ) on political language and oratory , as we saw above ( p. 41 ) , provides evidence of ways in which speech is formalised in non-literate and in literate societies alike and is used for the [purposes] which goody attributes to writing alone .

In non-literate society … the cultural tradition functions as a series of interlocking face-to-face conversations in which the very conditions of transmission operate to favour consistency between past and present , and to make criticism — the articulation of inconsistency — less likely to occur ; and if it does , the inconsistency makes a less permanent impact , and it is more easily adjusted or forgotten .
in non-literate society … the cultural tradition [purposes] as a series of interlocking face-to-face conversations in which the very conditions of transmission operate to favour consistency between past and present , and to make criticism — the articulation of inconsistency — less likely to occur ; and if it does , the inconsistency makes a less permanent impact , and it is more easily adjusted or forgotten .

In fact there was no paradox , for it was the theoretical assumption that speech and writing were fulfilling the same functions and the inability to recognise their separate characters that made it possible to use one as the model for the other .
in fact there was no paradox , for it was the theoretical assumption that speech and writing were fulfilling the same [purposes] and the inability to recognise their separate characters that made it possible to use one as the model for the other .

In many literate cultures , written language ‘ has greater social prestige than the spoken language , and most official recognition ’ on account of the important functions which writing fulfils in those societies .
in many literate cultures , written language ‘ has greater social prestige than the spoken language , and most official recognition ’ on account of the important [purposes] which writing fulfils in those societies .

As a result of these specific , socially constructed functions : ‘ Speech is often evaluated socially according to its closeness to the written language , which explains why standard spoken English is probably closer to written English than is any other spoken variety .
as a result of these specific , socially constructed [purposes] : ‘ speech is often evaluated socially according to its closeness to the written language , which explains why standard spoken english is probably closer to written english than is any other spoken variety .

It is clearly a product of specific circumstances and needs , and it makes variable and often distinctive use of particular language forms , functions and characteristics .
it is clearly a product of specific circumstances and needs , and it makes variable and often distinctive use of particular language forms , [purposes] and characteristics .

The fact , however , that they have designed a language to fulfil these functions does not necessarily mean that these functions could not be fulfilled in other ways , nor that their language is intrinsically connected with them , nor that the language has necessarily been proven to succeed in achieving these ideals .
the fact , however , that they have designed a language to fulfil these [purposes] does not necessarily mean that these [purposes] could not be fulfilled in other ways , nor that their language is intrinsically connected with them , nor that the language has necessarily been proven to succeed in achieving these ideals .

This involves , in Rommetveit 's opinion , rejecting ‘ pre-theoretical notions ’ such as the belief that language functions as a ‘ conduit ’ , simply passing on feelings and transferring literal meanings .
this involves , in rommetveit 's opinion , rejecting ‘ pre-theoretical notions ’ such as the belief that language [purposes] as a ‘ conduit ’ , simply passing on feelings and transferring literal meanings .

People speak , listen , read and write in different social situations for different purposes … If a coherent theory of literacy is to be developed , it will have to account for the place of written language , both in relation to the forms of spoken language and also in relation to the communicative functions served by different types of language in different social settings .
people speak , listen , read and write in different social situations for different purposes … if a coherent theory of literacy is to be developed , it will have to account for the place of written language , both in relation to the forms of spoken language and also in relation to the communicative [purposes] served by different types of language in different social settings .

He urges , instead , emphasis on literacy as a mode of language and on its social functions .
he urges , instead , emphasis on literacy as a mode of language and on its social [purposes] .

Emphasis on the different communicative functions of speech and writing involves Stubbs , and others he cites such as Vachek and Basso , in seeing the complementarity of the two modes of language .
emphasis on the different communicative [purposes] of speech and writing involves stubbs , and others he cites such as vachek and basso , in seeing the complementarity of the two modes of language .

As with the freeing of the study of speech from ‘ universalism ’ , this approach to speech and writing can lead to value judgements : ‘ this view therefore allows us to make controlled value judgements about the appropriateness of written and spoken language for different functions … written language clearly serves various functions which spoken language never could and is therefore superior from that point of view .
as with the freeing of the study of speech from ‘ universalism ’ , this approach to speech and writing can lead to value judgements : ‘ this view therefore allows us to make controlled value judgements about the appropriateness of written and spoken language for different [purposes] … written language clearly serves various [purposes] which spoken language never could and is therefore superior from that point of view .

Such value judgements must , however , be controlled and at the level of functions : this might lead to precise descriptions of particular skills appropriate to one or the other but would not justify the grandiose claims for ‘ logic ’ , ‘ objectivity ’ and ‘ culture-free neutrality ’ which we have been examining .
such value judgements must , however , be controlled and at the level of [purposes] : this might lead to precise descriptions of particular skills appropriate to one or the other but would not justify the grandiose claims for ‘ logic ’ , ‘ objectivity ’ and ‘ culture-free neutrality ’ which we have been examining .

In order to do this one would need to know about the nature of land rights in that particular society and about the organisation of writing within central bureaucracy , and not just about the different functions of written and spoken language in general .
in order to do this one would need to know about the nature of land rights in that particular society and about the organisation of writing within central bureaucracy , and not just about the different [purposes] of written and spoken language in general .

The various functions that different language modes serve are closely integrated with the institutions , structure and conventions of the society in question .
the various [purposes] that different language modes serve are closely integrated with the institutions , structure and conventions of the society in question .

The sociolinguist and the anthropologist , then , in studying the various functions of spoken and written language , begin from the social data of the conventions in which they are acted out and through which members of that culture are socialised into their use .
the sociolinguist and the anthropologist , then , in studying the various [purposes] of spoken and written language , begin from the social data of the conventions in which they are acted out and through which members of that culture are socialised into their use .

Stubbs points out , for instance , that many of the confusions for children acquiring literacy arise because these children are not yet familiar with some of the purposes for which writing is used and the conventions through which these purposes are articulated in their culture : ‘ many of its functions are often so specialised and particular ’ that they are ‘ mostly quite beyond children 's experience ’ and ‘ many of the situations which conventionally require writing are of a fairly specialised and restricted kind ’ ( ibid .
stubbs points out , for instance , that many of the confusions for children acquiring literacy arise because these children are not yet familiar with some of the purposes for which writing is used and the conventions through which these purposes are articulated in their culture : ‘ many of its [purposes] are often so specialised and particular ’ that they are ‘ mostly quite beyond children 's experience ’ and ‘ many of the situations which conventionally require writing are of a fairly specialised and restricted kind ’ ( ibid .

The differences in these forms of writing , and the different skills required of writer and reader in relation to them , are more appropriately understood as different social practices related to , amongst other things , different functions they are attempting to fulfil .
the differences in these forms of writing , and the different skills required of writer and reader in relation to them , are more appropriately understood as different social practices related to , amongst other things , different [purposes] they are attempting to fulfil .

The problems of such an approach can be easily identified in relation to Stubbs ' description above of the varied functions of literacy .
the problems of such an approach can be easily identified in relation to stubbs ' description above of the varied [purposes] of literacy .

, would be necessary before any useful generalisations could be made even about the relative functions and worth of the various parts of these different systems ( such as their punctuation conventions ) .
, would be necessary before any useful generalisations could be made even about the relative [purposes] and worth of the various parts of these different systems ( such as their punctuation conventions ) .

It also outlines the role and functions of the Social Work Services Inspectorate .
it also outlines the role and [purposes] of the social work services inspectorate .

Lord Strathclyde , the minister responsible , said : ‘ It is for parliament to decide the powers , functions and responsibilities of local government .
lord strathclyde , the minister responsible , said : ‘ it is for parliament to decide the powers , [purposes] and responsibilities of local government .

The aim of your colleagues in the research department , or production , or sales , is to satisfy the written and unwritten codes of behaviour for their own functions rather than to sacrifice some part of the perfection in order to achieve some more profit for the enterprise as a whole .
the aim of your colleagues in the research department , or production , or sales , is to satisfy the written and unwritten codes of behaviour for their own [purposes] rather than to sacrifice some part of the perfection in order to achieve some more profit for the enterprise as a whole .

The messages which start differently through each of the functions , and become even more disparate when relayed ( because of the lack of commitment at board level ) , go through an endless chain of levels .
the messages which start differently through each of the [purposes] , and become even more disparate when relayed ( because of the lack of commitment at board level ) , go through an endless chain of levels .

This support will become more readily available from parallel functions such as accounts , or selling or marketing or production or research , if all of you are crystal clear what the objective is .
this support will become more readily available from parallel [purposes] such as accounts , or selling or marketing or production or research , if all of you are crystal clear what the objective is .

We can see the importance of the theme in Bagehot 's analysis of the constitution where he distinguishes between the ‘ dignified ’ and the ‘ efficient ’ functions of the constitution .
we can see the importance of the theme in bagehot 's analysis of the constitution where he distinguishes between the ‘ dignified ’ and the ‘ efficient ’ [purposes] of the constitution .

Consequently , Comte believed that both the necessity of government and its functions may be deduced from the principle of the division of labour .
consequently , comte believed that both the necessity of government and its [purposes] may be deduced from the principle of the division of labour .

The specialization of functions has a dispersive effect and a primary function of government becomes that of securing co-ordination amongst the parts .
the specialization of [purposes] has a dispersive effect and a primary function of government becomes that of securing co-ordination amongst the parts .

Durkheim recognized that in modern societies social solidarity was no longer based on widely shared social values and that government and law had important functions to perform in organizing the ‘ collective conscience ’ of the new order and acting as an integrative mechanism respectively .
durkheim recognized that in modern societies social solidarity was no longer based on widely shared social values and that government and law had important [purposes] to perform in organizing the ‘ collective conscience ’ of the new order and acting as an integrative mechanism respectively .

Duguit took the view that the state was simply an apparatus for performing certain functions .
duguit took the view that the state was simply an apparatus for performing certain [purposes] .

First , he proposed that , since the functions of the state were such that it was no longer possible to impose a unified direction of society from the centre , there was a need for a territorial decentralization of power .
first , he proposed that , since the [purposes] of the state were such that it was no longer possible to impose a unified direction of society from the centre , there was a need for a territorial decentralization of power .

Through its control and regulatory functions it was viewed as the primary mechanism for transforming the anarchic tendencies of individualism to the collective good .
through its control and regulatory [purposes] it was viewed as the primary mechanism for transforming the anarchic tendencies of individualism to the collective good .

From this foundation , the New Liberalism developed distinctive views on the idea of citizenship and on the positive functions of the state .
from this foundation , the new liberalism developed distinctive views on the idea of citizenship and on the positive [purposes] of the state .

Robson recognized that , throughout history , courts have performed administrative functions and administrative bodies have undertaken judicial functions .
robson recognized that , throughout history , courts have performed administrative [purposes] and administrative bodies have undertaken judicial [purposes] .

Jennings thus began The Law and the Constitution with an examination of the functions of government and , in an approach reflecting the influence of sociological positivism , commenced with an outline of the growing interdependence of society founded in the increasing division of labour .
jennings thus began the law and the constitution with an examination of the [purposes] of government and , in an approach reflecting the influence of sociological positivism , commenced with an outline of the growing interdependence of society founded in the increasing division of labour .

In general Jennings sought to re-orientate the focus of public law away from Dicey 's concern with individual rights and towards an examination of the powers and functions of public authorities .
in general jennings sought to re-orientate the focus of public law away from dicey 's concern with individual rights and towards an examination of the powers and [purposes] of public authorities .

In general public law should ensure that the legal framework within which government operated provided an effective and equitable structure for the implementation of the public good , as expressed in the positive functions of the state .
in general public law should ensure that the legal framework within which government operated provided an effective and equitable structure for the implementation of the public good , as expressed in the positive [purposes] of the state .

Organisation means the arrangement of staff and the allocation of their duties and responsibilities so that the whole establishment functions as one unit .
organisation means the arrangement of staff and the allocation of their duties and responsibilities so that the whole establishment [purposes] as one unit .

Special rate — Hotels often quote a special rate for functions , groups , tours , businessmen or certain organisations who use the hotel on a regular basis .
special rate — hotels often quote a special rate for [purposes] , groups , tours , businessmen or certain organisations who use the hotel on a regular basis .

In order that the scheme functions efficiently it is essential that the reception offices of the hotels within the scheme inform central reservations of the up-to-the-minute availability of rooms to let at all times ; failure to do this could result in double-bookings , loss of goodwill and unnecessary charges being levied against the hotel for the service .
in order that the scheme [purposes] efficiently it is essential that the reception offices of the hotels within the scheme inform central reservations of the up-to-the-minute availability of rooms to let at all times ; failure to do this could result in double-bookings , loss of goodwill and unnecessary charges being levied against the hotel for the service .

details of facilities and equipment available in the hotel for conferences , special functions and other events ;
details of facilities and equipment available in the hotel for conferences , special [purposes] and other events ;

rules and regulations relating to arrival and check out times , methods of payment accepted , chance business , licensing for special functions etc. ;
rules and regulations relating to arrival and check out times , methods of payment accepted , chance business , licensing for special [purposes] etc. ;

Describe the layout of the room in the hotel used for functions .
describe the layout of the room in the hotel used for [purposes] .

Special functions
special [purposes]

If the establishment has substantial special function business , e.g. banquets , weddings , dances , dinners , conferences , etc. , it is usual to open a separate special functions day book which is posted to a composite special functions debtors account in the ledger .
if the establishment has substantial special function business , e.g. banquets , weddings , dances , dinners , conferences , etc. , it is usual to open a separate special [purposes] day book which is posted to a composite special [purposes] debtors account in the ledger .

There are numerous types , nearly all electronic , and these machines can perform all four basic arithmetical functions : addition , subtraction , multiplication and division .
there are numerous types , nearly all electronic , and these machines can perform all four basic arithmetical [purposes] : addition , subtraction , multiplication and division .

Whitty and Jones 's analysis stands or falls on the meaning of health , whether health services have an impact on health , and on the central functions of public health medicine .
whitty and jones 's analysis stands or falls on the meaning of health , whether health services have an impact on health , and on the central [purposes] of public health medicine .

central functions of public health medicine
central [purposes] of public health medicine

Public health medicine takes responsibility on behalf of the medical profession for many of the medical functions that can not be discharged at the bedside or in the consulting room .
public health medicine takes responsibility on behalf of the medical profession for many of the medical [purposes] that can not be discharged at the bedside or in the consulting room .

Both the functions to be performed , and the method of operation of this system must be described .
both the [purposes] to be performed , and the method of operation of this system must be described .

Stable job history in structured functions ( accounting , engineering , process work ) .
stable job history in structured [purposes] ( accounting , engineering , process work ) .

Hence , staff functions have traditionally attracted individuals wanting structure , autonomy and creativity while line manager positions attract people wanting power and relationships .
hence , staff [purposes] have traditionally attracted individuals wanting structure , autonomy and creativity while line manager positions attract people wanting power and relationships .

These recurring threads have led some psychologists to argue that there are enduring personality traits ( see Chapter 10 ) and others to suggest trait combinations or personality types ( see Jung 's functions , Chapter 9 ) .
these recurring threads have led some psychologists to argue that there are enduring personality traits ( see chapter 10 ) and others to suggest trait combinations or personality types ( see jung 's [purposes] , chapter 9 ) .

Next to the face , the hands and arms give the most important non-verbal clues , and the functions of these clues are different from those of facial expressions .
next to the face , the hands and arms give the most important non-verbal clues , and the [purposes] of these clues are different from those of facial expressions .

By using verbal as well as non-verbal signals we have the chance to test our pictures of each other . We can classify most speech or verbal signals under five functions :
by using verbal as well as non-verbal signals we have the chance to test our pictures of each other . we can classify most speech or verbal signals under five [purposes] :

Substitutability Can we substitute the position or function with other positions or functions ? Can we sub-contract the work ? Dependency is lost if the answer , to either question , is yes .
substitutability can we substitute the position or function with other positions or [purposes] ? can we sub-contract the work ? dependency is lost if the answer , to either question , is yes .

These specialized functions create dependency among those less able to cope .
these specialized [purposes] create dependency among those less able to cope .

In addition to the power associated with positions and functions or units there is a network of control mechanisms which influence our behaviour on a day-to-day basis .
in addition to the power associated with positions and [purposes] or units there is a network of control mechanisms which influence our behaviour on a day-to-day basis .

across functions or units ) also reveal the influence of structure and the division of labour .
across [purposes] or units ) also reveal the influence of structure and the division of labour .

Conflicts that arise between line and staff positions and between strong and weaker functions are largely the result of an imbalance in power .
conflicts that arise between line and staff positions and between strong and weaker [purposes] are largely the result of an imbalance in power .

Power does not only exist around individuals or within functions .
power does not only exist around individuals or within [purposes] .

Further , the most powerful individuals or groups or functions are usually the most important in achieving the organization 's objectives .
further , the most powerful individuals or groups or [purposes] are usually the most important in achieving the organization 's objectives .

Their functions are usually clearly specified , their membership restricted , their control over resources limited , often in writing .
their [purposes] are usually clearly specified , their membership restricted , their control over resources limited , often in writing .

committees , task forces , boards and teams ) almost always cross hierarchical levels ( boss/subordinate ) and often cross functions ( finance , marketing ) .
committees , task forces , boards and teams ) almost always cross hierarchical levels ( boss/subordinate ) and often cross [purposes] ( finance , marketing ) .

Much of the inter-group conflict occurs simply because we separate people into functions such as sales , production and personnel and create imbalances of power .
much of the inter-group conflict occurs simply because we separate people into [purposes] such as sales , production and personnel and create imbalances of power .

However , other teams such as committees , task forces or project groups cut across functions and hierarchical levels to create teams for particular purposes .
however , other teams such as committees , task forces or project groups cut across [purposes] and hierarchical levels to create teams for particular purposes .

Also as the membership and functions of the primary health care team grow and sectoral barriers are broken down , rights of access to patient information are being demanded .
also as the membership and [purposes] of the primary health care team grow and sectoral barriers are broken down , rights of access to patient information are being demanded .

Remember that , in the poorest neighbourhoods of New York , private medical practice barely functions , so there is virtually no first contact care unless the public system provides it .
remember that , in the poorest neighbourhoods of new york , private medical practice barely [purposes] , so there is virtually no first contact care unless the public system provides it .

Congressmen value invitations to White House functions and enjoy receiving presidential pens at bill-signing ceremonies .
congressmen value invitations to white house [purposes] and enjoy receiving presidential pens at bill-signing ceremonies .

Parties , moreover , have lost some of their functions to television .
parties , moreover , have lost some of their [purposes] to television .

The judicial and administrative functions left to the commune were somewhat broader , and in place of the pomeshchik stood a lowly government official .
the judicial and administrative [purposes] left to the commune were somewhat broader , and in place of the pomeshchik stood a lowly government official .

Those best placed to influence government policy were also most dependent on state patronage to further their military and civil careers , while the police and tax functions delegated to serf-owners made the whole class in one sense a part of the machinery of government .
those best placed to influence government policy were also most dependent on state patronage to further their military and civil careers , while the police and tax [purposes] delegated to serf-owners made the whole class in one sense a part of the machinery of government .

In the absence of any clear division between administrative and judicial functions , even the humblest official enjoyed arbitrary power .
in the absence of any clear division between administrative and judicial [purposes] , even the humblest official enjoyed arbitrary power .

Moreover , the functions it took on within the capital — including the setting up of an armed militia , the publication of an uncensored newspaper , the imposition via the printers ' union of its own form of censorship , and above all the coordination of strike action — gave it the appearance of rivalling the authority of the government itself .
moreover , the [purposes] it took on within the capital — including the setting up of an armed militia , the publication of an uncensored newspaper , the imposition via the printers ' union of its own form of censorship , and above all the coordination of strike action — gave it the appearance of rivalling the authority of the government itself .

In a review in Nature 358 , 720 ( 1992 ) , wrote that ‘ [ Vogel ] leads us through the functions and regulation of the heart and circulation with extraordinary clarity and lightness of touch .
in a review in nature 358 , 720 ( 1992 ) , wrote that ‘ [ vogel ] leads us through the [purposes] and regulation of the heart and circulation with extraordinary clarity and lightness of touch .

But there is growing consensus that the broader functions of a medical education , which are assuming greater importance in the undergraduate curriculum , are not so easy to learn from someone untrained in educational method .
but there is growing consensus that the broader [purposes] of a medical education , which are assuming greater importance in the undergraduate curriculum , are not so easy to learn from someone untrained in educational method .

The committee identified two important functions of such evaluation — to improve teaching and to help to make more informed decisions about staff promotion .
the committee identified two important [purposes] of such evaluation — to improve teaching and to help to make more informed decisions about staff promotion .

And where they were employed , their duties varied from place to place — some fulfilled judicial as well as financial functions , others might even have a military role .
and where they were employed , their duties varied from place to place — some fulfilled judicial as well as financial [purposes] , others might even have a military role .

In ceremonial , their role was everywhere prominent ; interestingly , some household officials were beginning to discharge governmental functions , as in Normandy .
in ceremonial , their role was everywhere prominent ; interestingly , some household officials were beginning to discharge governmental [purposes] , as in normandy .

Yet they all certainly benefit from the much closer coordination of industry and finance , whether this is through preferential interest rates from a number of different banks or through the advisory functions of their main lenders .
yet they all certainly benefit from the much closer coordination of industry and finance , whether this is through preferential interest rates from a number of different banks or through the advisory [purposes] of their main lenders .

The Outline Statement of User Requirements identifies the functions , method of operation , performance levels , control , and security which are required of the new computer system .
the outline statement of user requirements identifies the [purposes] , method of operation , performance levels , control , and security which are required of the new computer system .

The functions to be performed may be divided into four categories :
the [purposes] to be performed may be divided into four categories :

Of the other equipment available to the Computer Group normally five display terminals will be used for support and operations functions .
of the other equipment available to the computer group normally five display terminals will be used for support and operations [purposes] .

Some of the functions of the computer system can not be initiated directly by lexicographers .
some of the [purposes] of the computer system can not be initiated directly by lexicographers .

The level of performance expected for these remaining primary functions is :
the level of performance expected for these remaining primary [purposes] is :

All these considerations make changes to the functions performed by the system , and the alteration of processing features , undesirable .
all these considerations make changes to the [purposes] performed by the system , and the alteration of processing features , undesirable .

evaluation of expressions involving simple arithmetic , exponential , trigonometric , logarithmic or logical functions in a reasonable time
evaluation of expressions involving simple arithmetic , exponential , trigonometric , logarithmic or logical [purposes] in a reasonable time

As illustrated in Figure 1.9 , we can make out a number of levels more basic than this ; the electronic circuits themselves , the logical functions ( such as gates and flipflops ) , and the functional units ( such as adders and registers ) .
as illustrated in figure 1.9 , we can make out a number of levels more basic than this ; the electronic circuits themselves , the logical [purposes] ( such as gates and flipflops ) , and the functional units ( such as adders and registers ) .

We term this the level of computer architecture , at which a set of logically integrated hardware functions are programmed to carry out the processing of data .
we term this the level of computer architecture , at which a set of logically integrated hardware [purposes] are programmed to carry out the processing of data .

Consider the concept , common in high-level languages , of the boolean variable , that is , a variable which can take only two values ( true and false ) and upon which the usual boolean functions — and , or , etc.ban be Performed .
consider the concept , common in high-level languages , of the boolean variable , that is , a variable which can take only two values ( true and false ) and upon which the usual boolean [purposes] — and , or , etc.ban be performed .

The boolean functions which can be applied to a single bit position can then be extended to what are called logical operations on the whole word .
the boolean [purposes] which can be applied to a single bit position can then be extended to what are called logical operations on the whole word .

There are 16 possible boolean functions of two variables .
there are 16 possible boolean [purposes] of two variables .

Alternatively such a sub-operation field might specify secondary functions to be performed with the main operation .
alternatively such a sub-operation field might specify secondary [purposes] to be performed with the main operation .

If the left-hand bit of the sub-operation field is one , a different set of functions is indicated .
if the left-hand bit of the sub-operation field is one , a different set of [purposes] is indicated .

There is a large discrepancy between the functions provided by the hardware of a computer ( as described in this book ) , and the problem-solving device required by the user and the computer manager .
there is a large discrepancy between the [purposes] provided by the hardware of a computer ( as described in this book ) , and the problem-solving device required by the user and the computer manager .

For flexibility and economy the operating system is implemented as a set of programs , though in future more of its functions are likely to be taken over by hardware .
for flexibility and economy the operating system is implemented as a set of programs , though in future more of its [purposes] are likely to be taken over by hardware .

However there must be a core of supervisory functions resident in main store at all times , which can bring in other functions as required .
however there must be a core of supervisory [purposes] resident in main store at all times , which can bring in other [purposes] as required .

Some functions available to the problem program ( such as transput operations , or program intercommunications facilities ) will be implemented as extracodes on all models of the range .
some [purposes] available to the problem program ( such as transput operations , or program intercommunications facilities ) will be implemented as extracodes on all models of the range .

However some functions ( for example , floating-point arithmetic ) may be implemented by hardware on the larger , and by software on the smaller , models in the range .
however some [purposes] ( for example , floating-point arithmetic ) may be implemented by hardware on the larger , and by software on the smaller , models in the range .

Some computers allow several different test functions to be connected as each of the least significant few bits of the next micro-instruction address , allowing 4-way , 8-way , or even higher order conditional jumps .
some computers allow several different test [purposes] to be connected as each of the least significant few bits of the next micro-instruction address , allowing 4-way , 8-way , or even higher order conditional jumps .

The micro-instructions provided for writing interpreters manipulate a number of general-purpose processor registers and function boxes ( which produce various functions of two input arguments , such as the binary sum , or the logical disjunction ) , and access variable-length operands in main store starting at any desired bit address .
the micro-instructions provided for writing interpreters manipulate a number of general-purpose processor registers and function boxes ( which produce various [purposes] of two input arguments , such as the binary sum , or the logical disjunction ) , and access variable-length operands in main store starting at any desired bit address .

3 Reflexes control many of our important functions such as breathing and digestion .
3 reflexes control many of our important [purposes] such as breathing and digestion .

4 Reflex Actions control our natural and important functions , e.g .
4 reflex actions control our natural and important [purposes] , e.g .

occasionally his mother allowed both Patrick and Senga to attend one of her functions , but obviously tonight 's grand affair was not to be one of them .
occasionally his mother allowed both patrick and senga to attend one of her [purposes] , but obviously tonight 's grand affair was not to be one of them .

In this calculus one combines functions as if one is dealing with algebraic quantities .
in this calculus one combines [purposes] as if one is dealing with algebraic quantities .

And it was in this connection that Servois , in 1815 , introduced the notions of functions which are `` distributive `` and `` commutative `` , terms still used today ( see Section 1.2 ) .
and it was in this connection that servois , in 1815 , introduced the notions of [purposes] which are `` distributive `` and `` commutative `` , terms still used today ( see section 1.2 ) .

Cantor 's need for such a definition had arisen around 1872 from his investigations concerning the possible uniqueness of representation of functions by trigonometric series .
cantor 's need for such a definition had arisen around 1872 from his investigations concerning the possible uniqueness of representation of [purposes] by trigonometric series .

In particular he considered non-Euclidean geometry before Lobachevsky and Bolyai , quaternions before Hamilton , elliptic functions before Abel and Jacobi as well as much of Cauchy 's complex variable theory .
in particular he considered non-euclidean geometry before lobachevsky and bolyai , quaternions before hamilton , elliptic [purposes] before abel and jacobi as well as much of cauchy 's complex variable theory .

2.6 Functions
2.6 [purposes]

If so , we should first remind him that we shall be interested here in functions other than those between two sets of numbers .
if so , we should first remind him that we shall be interested here in [purposes] other than those between two sets of numbers .

In 1755 Euler wrote , `` If some quantities depend upon others in such a way as to undergo change when the latter re changed then the former are called functions of the latter . ``
in 1755 euler wrote , `` if some quantities depend upon others in such a way as to undergo change when the latter re changed then the former are called [purposes] of the latter . ``

For Euler the quantities were numbers : today we have need to discuss functions between more general sets .
for euler the quantities were numbers : today we have need to discuss [purposes] between more general sets .

The study of functions was originally an offshoot of the study of properties of curves , geometrically defined , so it is interesting to see how a modern definition of function , expressed in terms of the set concept , is equivalent to what you would , in the case of a real valued function of one real variable , naturally think of as the graph of the function .
the study of [purposes] was originally an offshoot of the study of properties of curves , geometrically defined , so it is interesting to see how a modern definition of function , expressed in terms of the set concept , is equivalent to what you would , in the case of a real valued function of one real variable , naturally think of as the graph of the function .

The latter has an advantage when discussing compositions of functions ( see 2.6.7 ) but as both are in common use we shall encourage the reader to use both by using both ourselves !
the latter has an advantage when discussing compositions of [purposes] ( see 2.6.7 ) but as both are in common use we shall encourage the reader to use both by using both ourselves !

Two functions f : and g : are equal iff the sets f and g of ordered pairs coincide .
two [purposes] f : and g : are equal iff the sets f and g of ordered pairs coincide .

Now suppose f : and g : are functions .
now suppose f : and g : are [purposes] .

Example 2.6.8 Let and be the functions given by whilst Thus .
example 2.6.8 let and be the [purposes] given by whilst thus .

Theorem 2.7.6 Composition of functions , when defined , is associative .
theorem 2.7.6 composition of [purposes] , when defined , is associative .

In a like manner definition ( see 2.6.5 ) of equality of functions .
in a like manner definition ( see 2.6.5 ) of equality of [purposes] .

Structure , Composition and Functions
structure , composition and [purposes]

Frenular bristles are absent or small in these insects but there is sometimes a more distally placed series of costal spines ( the pseudofrenulum ) on the hind wing which functions independently of the jugum by pressing against the anal area of the fore wing ( e.g .
frenular bristles are absent or small in these insects but there is sometimes a more distally placed series of costal spines ( the pseudofrenulum ) on the hind wing which [purposes] independently of the jugum by pressing against the anal area of the fore wing ( e.g .

The functions of the tentorium are ( 1 ) to afford a basis for the attachment of many of the cephalic muscles and , at the same time , to give rigidity to the head ; ( 2 ) to lend support to the brain and fore intestine ; ( 3 ) to strengthen the points of articulation of certain of the mouthparts .
the [purposes] of the tentorium are ( 1 ) to afford a basis for the attachment of many of the cephalic muscles and , at the same time , to give rigidity to the head ; ( 2 ) to lend support to the brain and fore intestine ; ( 3 ) to strengthen the points of articulation of certain of the mouthparts .

The older tendency to classify muscles according to their probable functions is giving way to a system of naming them from their positions , origins and insertions .
the older tendency to classify muscles according to their probable [purposes] is giving way to a system of naming them from their positions , origins and insertions .

Neither method is entirely satisfactory since apparently homologous muscles may change their sites of attachment during evolution and alter their functions .
neither method is entirely satisfactory since apparently homologous muscles may change their sites of attachment during evolution and alter their [purposes] .

Schistocerca , for example , has well-developed indirect flight-muscles with the usual functions , but their action in producing the downstroke of the wings is reinforced by the direct muscles attached to the basalar and subalar sclerites .
schistocerca , for example , has well-developed indirect flight-muscles with the usual [purposes] , but their action in producing the downstroke of the wings is reinforced by the direct muscles attached to the basalar and subalar sclerites .

The nervous system is composed essentially of ramifying neuroglial cells with supporting and nutritive functions ( Wigglesworth , 1960 ; Smith , 1967 ) and the more numerous neurons , which are highly specialized for the relatively rapid generation and conduction of electrochemical nervous impulses ( Pipa , 1961 ; Landolt , 1965 ; Chiarodo , 1969 ; Sohal et al .
the nervous system is composed essentially of ramifying neuroglial cells with supporting and nutritive [purposes] ( wigglesworth , 1960 ; smith , 1967 ) and the more numerous neurons , which are highly specialized for the relatively rapid generation and conduction of electrochemical nervous impulses ( pipa , 1961 ; landolt , 1965 ; chiarodo , 1969 ; sohal et al .

Electrophysiological techniques have revealed units within the optic lobe mediating different visual functions : some respond to movement of small parts of the visual field , others react to long , contrasting boundaries moving in a preferred direction ; some subtend monocular visual fields , others cover the whole receptive area of both eyes , and so on .
electrophysiological techniques have revealed units within the optic lobe mediating different visual [purposes] : some respond to movement of small parts of the visual field , others react to long , contrasting boundaries moving in a preferred direction ; some subtend monocular visual fields , others cover the whole receptive area of both eyes , and so on .

Connected with them by nerves are the non-nervous corpora allata , with important endocrine functions ( see p. 276 ) .
connected with them by nerves are the non-nervous corpora allata , with important endocrine [purposes] ( see p. 276 ) .

In the later levels there is also a sixth topic , `` Algebra and Functions `` .
in the later levels there is also a sixth topic , `` algebra and [purposes] `` .

Thus , criterion-referenced assessment may have both formative and summative functions .
thus , criterion-referenced assessment may have both formative and summative [purposes] .

The issues discussed in this section relate to how reliably and validly these functions can be fulfilled .
the issues discussed in this section relate to how reliably and validly these [purposes] can be fulfilled .

As currently conceived graduated tests serve both formative and summative functions .
as currently conceived graduated tests serve both formative and summative [purposes] .

Most countries have a written document known as `` the constitution `` which lays down the main rules governing the structure and functions of government and which regulates the relationship between the state and its citizens .
most countries have a written document known as `` the constitution `` which lays down the main rules governing the structure and [purposes] of government and which regulates the relationship between the state and its citizens .

Such disputes are allocated to courts , tribunals or even to government ministers , who , increasingly , exercise functions of a judicial nature .
such disputes are allocated to courts , tribunals or even to government ministers , who , increasingly , exercise [purposes] of a judicial nature .

The state has various executive functions .
the state has various executive [purposes] .

In the eighteenth century , Montesquieu argued that there were three entirely separate functions of government : legislative , executive and judicial , and that these three functions should be exercised by entirely separate organs , Parliament , the Executive and the Courts .
in the eighteenth century , montesquieu argued that there were three entirely separate [purposes] of government : legislative , executive and judicial , and that these three [purposes] should be exercised by entirely separate organs , parliament , the executive and the courts .

Government ministers have legislative , executive and judicial functions .
government ministers have legislative , executive and judicial [purposes] .

Indeed it is extremely difficult to establish any truly satisfactory system of defining the limits of these functions .
indeed it is extremely difficult to establish any truly satisfactory system of defining the limits of these [purposes] .

These may relate to the legislative functions of government .
these may relate to the legislative [purposes] of government .

Specifically the committees have the following functions : ( a ) To examine the estimates put forward by the department in question , to examine the policy objectives underlying these and consider whether the expenditure incurred would achieve these objectives in an economical manner .
specifically the committees have the following [purposes] : ( a ) to examine the estimates put forward by the department in question , to examine the policy objectives underlying these and consider whether the expenditure incurred would achieve these objectives in an economical manner .

The Comptroller and Auditor General , appointed by the Crown on a resolution of the House of Commons by virtue of section 1 ( 1 ) of the National Audit Act 1983 has two major functions : ( a ) to ensure that all money paid out of the government accounts has been properly authorised and is properly applied ; and ( b ) to examine the accounts of the , various government departments .
the comptroller and auditor general , appointed by the crown on a resolution of the house of commons by virtue of section 1 ( 1 ) of the national audit act 1983 has two major [purposes] : ( a ) to ensure that all money paid out of the government accounts has been properly authorised and is properly applied ; and ( b ) to examine the accounts of the , various government departments .

To ensure that Members of Parliament and Parliament as a whole can carry out their functions effectively , they have certain privileges to safeguard them from outside interference .
to ensure that members of parliament and parliament as a whole can carry out their [purposes] effectively , they have certain privileges to safeguard them from outside interference .

In Session 1969–70 the Select Committee on Privileges recommended that it should cover : ( a ) all things done or written in each House or in Committee for the purpose of business being transacted ; ( b ) all things done between members and officers , between members , and between members and ministers for the purpose of enabling any of these to carry out their functions .
in session 1969–70 the select committee on privileges recommended that it should cover : ( a ) all things done or written in each house or in committee for the purpose of business being transacted ; ( b ) all things done between members and officers , between members , and between members and ministers for the purpose of enabling any of these to carry out their [purposes] .

The privilege is much wider than procedural matters , covering every aspect of the internal functions of the House .
the privilege is much wider than procedural matters , covering every aspect of the internal [purposes] of the house .

Yet it does perform a number of useful functions .
yet it does perform a number of useful [purposes] .

Legislative functions .
legislative [purposes] .

In 1976 the Police Complaints Board was established with limited functions to oversee the disciplining of police officers , who had contravened the Police Disciplinary Code but had not faced criminal charges .
in 1976 the police complaints board was established with limited [purposes] to oversee the disciplining of police officers , who had contravened the police disciplinary code but had not faced criminal charges .

The Chief Constable of Greater Manchester refused to provide his police authority with information concerning the policing of an industrial dispute on the ground that the authority did not need the information in order to carry out its functions .
the chief constable of greater manchester refused to provide his police authority with information concerning the policing of an industrial dispute on the ground that the authority did not need the information in order to carry out its [purposes] .

The Home Secretary performs the following functions in relation to all police forces : ( a ) Some degree of control over the appointment and dismissal of senior officers .
the home secretary performs the following [purposes] in relation to all police forces : ( a ) some degree of control over the appointment and dismissal of senior officers .

Possibly this increase in the number of wakenings during the night is related to the attenuation with age of the twenty-four-hour ( circadian ) rhythm of body temperature and other physiological functions .
possibly this increase in the number of wakenings during the night is related to the attenuation with age of the twenty-four-hour ( circadian ) rhythm of body temperature and other physiological [purposes] .

Just as in real life they were assimilating a clinical attitude to human functions , many of which are taboo in Western society , their dreaming interpretations of their own sexuality were also in terms of a medical model .
just as in real life they were assimilating a clinical attitude to human [purposes] , many of which are taboo in western society , their dreaming interpretations of their own sexuality were also in terms of a medical model .

This difficulty does not arise if one assumes that both processes co-exist from the beginning of life , that they both have adaptive functions , and they are not necessarily in conflict with one another — even though they may on occasion be .
this difficulty does not arise if one assumes that both processes co-exist from the beginning of life , that they both have adaptive [purposes] , and they are not necessarily in conflict with one another — even though they may on occasion be .

They will be discussed again in Chapter 10 in relation to hypothesized functions of sleep , but the effects on subsequent recovery sleep , and the consequences for performance tasks will be outlined here .
they will be discussed again in chapter 10 in relation to hypothesized [purposes] of sleep , but the effects on subsequent recovery sleep , and the consequences for performance tasks will be outlined here .

In a barter economy the collection of taxes and distribution of goods by royal officials brought all state functions under the king 's control .
in a barter economy the collection of taxes and distribution of goods by royal officials brought all state [purposes] under the king 's control .

Public Relations is in many ways far more complex than advertising , because it functions over a wide spectrum of alternatives for a multitude of purposes .
public relations is in many ways far more complex than advertising , because it [purposes] over a wide spectrum of alternatives for a multitude of purposes .

The large consultancies , employing from 50 to 100 people , have all the trappings and functions of any sizeable modern company .
the large consultancies , employing from 50 to 100 people , have all the trappings and [purposes] of any sizeable modern company .

Both the marketing and research functions are frequently involved in expert services of a technological nature .
both the marketing and research [purposes] are frequently involved in expert services of a technological nature .

But the inter-relation of this to the first five public relations functions is sometimes overlooked by marketing departments in their desire to measure brand sales achievement directly to brand public relations tactical results .
but the inter-relation of this to the first five public relations [purposes] is sometimes overlooked by marketing departments in their desire to measure brand sales achievement directly to brand public relations tactical results .

When most public relations was writing press releases and liaising with the media , this experience was invaluable , but as public relations has become more sophisticated and developed its skills and functions , so a journalism background has become less important .
when most public relations was writing press releases and liaising with the media , this experience was invaluable , but as public relations has become more sophisticated and developed its skills and [purposes] , so a journalism background has become less important .

Still , there is a relationship between the public relations functions of distributing information and persuading people and the same functions at work in the media .
still , there is a relationship between the public relations [purposes] of distributing information and persuading people and the same [purposes] at work in the media .

The ward sister co-ordinates all these functions , ensuring the ward has adequate supplies and drawing together the particular team members required to help an individual patient .
the ward sister co-ordinates all these [purposes] , ensuring the ward has adequate supplies and drawing together the particular team members required to help an individual patient .

These normally private functions can assume unusually large proportions if illness limits a person 's capacity for self care .
these normally private [purposes] can assume unusually large proportions if illness limits a person 's capacity for self care .

The performance of hygiene functions can be relaxing in themselves , and can provide a sense of security in the knowledge that one is socially acceptable .
the performance of hygiene [purposes] can be relaxing in themselves , and can provide a sense of security in the knowledge that one is socially acceptable .

Sleep can be defined as a period of reduced consciousness usually occurring at night , during which most body functions are slow or inactive .
sleep can be defined as a period of reduced consciousness usually occurring at night , during which most body [purposes] are slow or inactive .

The functions and performance of the Coordinating Team are discussed in Chapter 4 .
the [purposes] and performance of the coordinating team are discussed in chapter 4 .

The procedures by which the team functions will be discussed in Section 4.7 below .
the procedures by which the team [purposes] will be discussed in section 4.7 below .

It is not easy to describe the functioning of a committee which is clearly very much in the process of finding its role . However , we have observed its functions to include the following :
it is not easy to describe the functioning of a committee which is clearly very much in the process of finding its role . however , we have observed its [purposes] to include the following :

At about this time , a small working party ( sometimes referred to as the `` Resources Committee `` ) was set up with two apparent functions .
at about this time , a small working party ( sometimes referred to as the `` resources committee `` ) was set up with two apparent [purposes] .

The crucial importance of the functions of convening and chairing meetings seems to have been overlooked by those who set it up , or else these duties were delegated to people who did their best in adverse circumstances but who may well have been inappropriate choices .
the crucial importance of the [purposes] of convening and chairing meetings seems to have been overlooked by those who set it up , or else these duties were delegated to people who did their best in adverse circumstances but who may well have been inappropriate choices .

In the final analysis , however , these committees not only performed an important manifest function in coordinating and producing coherent plans for project involvement , but also some valuable latent functions .
in the final analysis , however , these committees not only performed an important manifest function in coordinating and producing coherent plans for project involvement , but also some valuable latent [purposes] .

It is very important that young people learn how industry works and this will involve a clear understanding of the functions and value of trade unions .
it is very important that young people learn how industry works and this will involve a clear understanding of the [purposes] and value of trade unions .

a ) Trade unionists are often invited into Careers lessons or Social Education lessons to provide students with information about the purposes and functions of trade unions , and advice about trade union concerns such as conditions of employment and health and safety .
a ) trade unionists are often invited into careers lessons or social education lessons to provide students with information about the purposes and [purposes] of trade unions , and advice about trade union concerns such as conditions of employment and health and safety .

The new Braun Oral-B Plaque Remover features important breakthroughs : Its round , oscillating brush head functions much like a dentist 's instrument .
the new braun oral-b plaque remover features important breakthroughs : its round , oscillating brush head [purposes] much like a dentist 's instrument .

This does not mean that the economic functions of states have been diminished or are likely to fade away .
this does not mean that the economic [purposes] of states have been diminished or are likely to fade away .

What has replaced these various modernisms is a revamped set of attitudes to boundaries between media , to the previously ‘ closed ’ limitations on authorship and stylistic approach , to historical referencing and recuperation , and to the old modernist proscriptions on the nature and functions of artists , audiences and publics .
what has replaced these various modernisms is a revamped set of attitudes to boundaries between media , to the previously ‘ closed ’ limitations on authorship and stylistic approach , to historical referencing and recuperation , and to the old modernist proscriptions on the nature and [purposes] of artists , audiences and publics .

The transfer of certain functions of administrative control from central departments of government to the county councils — decentralisation ;
the transfer of certain [purposes] of administrative control from central departments of government to the county councils — decentralisation ;

The large burghs retained more functions than the small which had given up ‘ most of their important functions to the surrounding county council ’ ( Wheatley 1969:25 ) .
the large burghs retained more [purposes] than the small which had given up ‘ most of their important [purposes] to the surrounding county council ’ ( wheatley 1969:25 ) .

The Royal Commission on Local Government in Greater London was established in 1957 ‘ to examine the present system and working of local government in the Greater London area ; to recommend whether any , and if so what , changes in the local government structure and the distribution of local authority functions in the area , or in any part of it , would better secure effective and convenient local government … ’ ( Herbert 1960:1 ) .
the royal commission on local government in greater london was established in 1957 ‘ to examine the present system and working of local government in the greater london area ; to recommend whether any , and if so what , changes in the local government structure and the distribution of local authority [purposes] in the area , or in any part of it , would better secure effective and convenient local government … ’ ( herbert 1960:1 ) .

Community councils would have no statutory functions .
community councils would have no statutory [purposes] .

The variation in name appears to be the major difference between the two types of minor authorities : the functions allocated to them are the same .
the variation in name appears to be the major difference between the two types of minor authorities : the [purposes] allocated to them are the same .

The Wheatley Commission was concerned to establish regions that would conform to four criteria : they should be large enough to carry out their functions effectively ; they should correspond with genuine communities ; they should form distinctive parts of Scotland ; and finally , there should be a ‘ certain balance ’ between the various regions ( Wheatley 1969:176 ) .
the wheatley commission was concerned to establish regions that would conform to four criteria : they should be large enough to carry out their [purposes] effectively ; they should correspond with genuine communities ; they should form distinctive parts of scotland ; and finally , there should be a ‘ certain balance ’ between the various regions ( wheatley 1969:176 ) .

The 1973 Act provided for community councils to operate at a similar ‘ grass-roots ’ level , and in so doing introduced a new concept into British local government — a statutory body without statutory functions .
the 1973 act provided for community councils to operate at a similar ‘ grass-roots ’ level , and in so doing introduced a new concept into british local government — a statutory body without statutory [purposes] .

Both the Scottish Nationalists and the Liberals favour the transfer of some strategic local government functions ‘ to a devolved Assembly , and the creation of a single-tier system of multi-purpose authorities ’ ( Keating and Midwinter 1983 : 101 ) .
both the scottish nationalists and the liberals favour the transfer of some strategic local government [purposes] ‘ to a devolved assembly , and the creation of a single-tier system of multi-purpose authorities ’ ( keating and midwinter 1983 : 101 ) .

First , an effort was made to give to each local authority ‘ functions and powers which are separate and distinct ’ ( Herbert 1960 : 197 ) .
first , an effort was made to give to each local authority ‘ [purposes] and powers which are separate and distinct ’ ( herbert 1960 : 197 ) .

The current distribution of responsibilities goes against the principle endorsed by the Herbert Commission of giving each local authority ‘ functions and powers which are separate and distinct ’ ( Herbert 1960 : 197 ) .
the current distribution of responsibilities goes against the principle endorsed by the herbert commission of giving each local authority ‘ [purposes] and powers which are separate and distinct ’ ( herbert 1960 : 197 ) .

As a result , Stodart ‘ concentrated on tidying up overlapping and concurrent functions in planning , leisure , tourism , environmental health and industrial development ’ ( Keating and Midwinter 1983 : 102 ) .
as a result , stodart ‘ concentrated on tidying up overlapping and concurrent [purposes] in planning , leisure , tourism , environmental health and industrial development ’ ( keating and midwinter 1983 : 102 ) .

The former arrangements by which district councils over a certain size could receive or claim delegated powers from counties in respect of certain services were repealed and replaced by a ‘ provision under which local authorities can agree between themselves for one to carry out functions on behalf of another ’ ( Department of the Environment/Welsh Office 1974:2 ) .
the former arrangements by which district councils over a certain size could receive or claim delegated powers from counties in respect of certain services were repealed and replaced by a ‘ provision under which local authorities can agree between themselves for one to carry out [purposes] on behalf of another ’ ( department of the environment/welsh office 1974:2 ) .

In most European countries these two functions are the responsibility of separate police forces .
in most european countries these two [purposes] are the responsibility of separate police forces .

The combination of these two functions in Britain is seen as a safeguard against the development of authoritarian police methods , but it brings other problems , as the methods of public control necessary to one function may not always be acceptable for the second .
the combination of these two [purposes] in britain is seen as a safeguard against the development of authoritarian police methods , but it brings other problems , as the methods of public control necessary to one function may not always be acceptable for the second .

Finally , the report suggested the adoption of a ‘ community ’ approach that would include joint committees ‘ of county and district members for each district within the county to co-ordinate the interaction of all county and district functions and policies for the locality ’ ( Bains 1972:93 ) .
finally , the report suggested the adoption of a ‘ community ’ approach that would include joint committees ‘ of county and district members for each district within the county to co-ordinate the interaction of all county and district [purposes] and policies for the locality ’ ( bains 1972:93 ) .

They suggested that he or she should have ‘ overall managerial responsibility for the discharge of functions by officers ’ and also be responsible for ‘ all statutory functions relating to the propriety of council business ’ ( Widdicombe 1986 : 145 ) .
they suggested that he or she should have ‘ overall managerial responsibility for the discharge of [purposes] by officers ’ and also be responsible for ‘ all statutory [purposes] relating to the propriety of council business ’ ( widdicombe 1986 : 145 ) .

‘ Approved duties ’ included council and committee meetings and other duties approved by the council in accordance with its functions .
‘ approved duties ’ included council and committee meetings and other duties approved by the council in accordance with its [purposes] .

( In fact , this is really an example of intentional and deliberate socialisation in education , since one of the self-conscious functions of the British public school is the perpetuation of that distinctive life-style by which the elite marks itself off from the rest of society . )
( in fact , this is really an example of intentional and deliberate socialisation in education , since one of the self-conscious [purposes] of the british public school is the perpetuation of that distinctive life-style by which the elite marks itself off from the rest of society . )

In the same way that the human body , for instance , is an integrated whole whose individual parts serve particular ‘ needs ’ of the system ( for example , the heart performs the function of pumping blood around the body , the bowel functions to collect and evacuate solid-waste products , and so on ) , so society comprises a system of interdependent institutions each with a contribution to make to the overall stability and continuity of the whole .
in the same way that the human body , for instance , is an integrated whole whose individual parts serve particular ‘ needs ’ of the system ( for example , the heart performs the function of pumping blood around the body , the bowel [purposes] to collect and evacuate solid-waste products , and so on ) , so society comprises a system of interdependent institutions each with a contribution to make to the overall stability and continuity of the whole .

But the functionalist starting-point is still the idea that people are socialised strongly into conformity and that social phenomena can be explained in terms of the functions they perform .
but the functionalist starting-point is still the idea that people are socialised strongly into conformity and that social phenomena can be explained in terms of the [purposes] they perform .

We can not go into detail on these various theories , but we can draw upon their emphasis on the ‘ functions of capital ’ performed by those with strategic control over the enterprise and significant control ( directly or indirectly ) over subordinate employees .
we can not go into detail on these various theories , but we can draw upon their emphasis on the ‘ [purposes] of capital ’ performed by those with strategic control over the enterprise and significant control ( directly or indirectly ) over subordinate employees .

‘ Though you must subordinate the managerial [ to the pastoral and spiritual functions of the Church ] , ’ he argues , ‘ you ca n't be unrealistic about it .
‘ though you must subordinate the managerial [ to the pastoral and spiritual [purposes] of the church ] , ’ he argues , ‘ you ca n't be unrealistic about it .

On the one hand was the traditional knight of chivalry , the figure of the romances , and , more recently , of the new chivalric orders , one of whose social functions was the defence of those in physical need and danger .
on the one hand was the traditional knight of chivalry , the figure of the romances , and , more recently , of the new chivalric orders , one of whose social [purposes] was the defence of those in physical need and danger .

In relation to Jesus , popular tradition has imposed upon him one of the oldest and most archetypal of functions — that of the eternal adversary , the dark opposite , the embodiment of all the vices and iniquities that the hero is not .
in relation to jesus , popular tradition has imposed upon him one of the oldest and most archetypal of [purposes] — that of the eternal adversary , the dark opposite , the embodiment of all the vices and iniquities that the hero is not .

To the extent that spiritual and temporal functions were united in the same house , by the same blood , the union would be doubly consecrated , doubly sanctified , and the unity of the nation all the more hallowed .
to the extent that spiritual and temporal [purposes] were united in the same house , by the same blood , the union would be doubly consecrated , doubly sanctified , and the unity of the nation all the more hallowed .

If John were the Priest Messiah of Aaron , and Jesus the Royal Messiah of David , it is possible that Jesus , when John was executed by Herod Antipas , assumed both roles , incorporating the dead prophet 's status and functions within himself .
if john were the priest messiah of aaron , and jesus the royal messiah of david , it is possible that jesus , when john was executed by herod antipas , assumed both roles , incorporating the dead prophet 's status and [purposes] within himself .

Originating summonses and equivalent documents will be served by an officer of the court , who may be the clerk to the court ( as in Switzerland ) , or an officer with specific functions including the service of process ( such as the ufficiale giudiziario in Italy ) , or in some countries such as France a huissier de justice , a process-server appointed by the State authorities but engaged in a professional capacity by the plaintiff .
originating summonses and equivalent documents will be served by an officer of the court , who may be the clerk to the court ( as in switzerland ) , or an officer with specific [purposes] including the service of process ( such as the ufficiale giudiziario in italy ) , or in some countries such as france a huissier de justice , a process-server appointed by the state authorities but engaged in a professional capacity by the plaintiff .

In some cases , notably where consuls are not in post , these consular functions may actually be performed by diplomatic officers .
in some cases , notably where consuls are not in post , these consular [purposes] may actually be performed by diplomatic officers .

The Draft provides for the service of documents required for the purpose of a civil proceeding at the request of a tribunal ( defined to include courts , and administrative agencies engaged in the exercise of judicial or quasi-judicial functions ) of the state of origin .
the draft provides for the service of documents required for the purpose of a civil proceeding at the request of a tribunal ( defined to include courts , and administrative agencies engaged in the exercise of judicial or quasi-judicial [purposes] ) of the state of origin .

The explanatory commentary to Article 3 , dealing with service by agents of the court or of the parties , observes that ‘ there is no cogent reason why States should be free to oppose service by such regularly established means as agents of a tribunal or a party where no compulsion is exercised , and where no political problem , such as is involved in the exercise of diplomatic or consular functions , is raised ’ .
the explanatory commentary to article 3 , dealing with service by agents of the court or of the parties , observes that ‘ there is no cogent reason why states should be free to oppose service by such regularly established means as agents of a tribunal or a party where no compulsion is exercised , and where no political problem , such as is involved in the exercise of diplomatic or consular [purposes] , is raised ’ .

The act must be ‘ judicial ’ ; if it is not within the functions of the judiciary in the State of execution , e.g .
the act must be ‘ judicial ’ ; if it is not within the [purposes] of the judiciary in the state of execution , e.g .

In the United Kingdom , the Foreign and Commonwealth Office is the Central Authority but ‘ other authorities ’ designated for England , Scotland and Northern Ireland discharge the practical functions , and all are more closely court-related officers ( e.g .
in the united kingdom , the foreign and commonwealth office is the central authority but ‘ other authorities ’ designated for england , scotland and northern ireland discharge the practical [purposes] , and all are more closely court-related officers ( e.g .

In contrast , Article 16 provides that a diplomatic officer or consular agent may only take evidence , without compulsion , of nationals of the State in which he exercises his functions , or of third States , if a competent authority in the requested State has given its permission , either generally or in the particular case , and subject to any conditions imposed .
in contrast , article 16 provides that a diplomatic officer or consular agent may only take evidence , without compulsion , of nationals of the state in which he exercises his [purposes] , or of third states , if a competent authority in the requested state has given its permission , either generally or in the particular case , and subject to any conditions imposed .

Picturesquely set in the Dean Village overlooking the tumbling waters of the Water of Leith , the Dragonara is a favourite place for functions and executive get-togethers .
picturesquely set in the dean village overlooking the tumbling waters of the water of leith , the dragonara is a favourite place for [purposes] and executive get-togethers .

Downstairs the Officers ' Club , elegant in Chippendale , is available for select functions .
downstairs the officers ' club , elegant in chippendale , is available for select [purposes] .

Staff work shifts , often evenings and weekends depending on functions .
staff work shifts , often evenings and weekends depending on [purposes] .

Some like Tessa Joseph and Marcia Vanzie also serve at executive luncheons and special functions with Liz leading the team .
some like tessa joseph and marcia vanzie also serve at executive luncheons and special [purposes] with liz leading the team .

The refectory stays open for staff , visitors and conference work and they cater for many special functions throughout the campus .
the refectory stays open for staff , visitors and conference work and they cater for many special [purposes] throughout the campus .

Gill takes bookings for functions throughout the university , rings in the chef 's orders , types memos and ensures everybody knows what 's on .
gill takes bookings for [purposes] throughout the university , rings in the chef 's orders , types memos and ensures everybody knows what 's on .

Other uses are for banquets , dances and social functions , with a notable attraction being the longest bar in West Yorkshire !
other uses are for banquets , dances and social [purposes] , with a notable attraction being the longest bar in west yorkshire !

The conference/course and all functions relating to it are
the conference/course and all [purposes] relating to it are

The health check will cover six main dimensions : sensory functions , mobility , mental condition , physical condition including continence , social environment and use of medicines .
the health check will cover six main dimensions : sensory [purposes] , mobility , mental condition , physical condition including continence , social environment and use of medicines .

However , we may identify , currently , two main styles of structure organized around either the functions provided by the department or the client groups served ( see Figure 8.1 ) .
however , we may identify , currently , two main styles of structure organized around either the [purposes] provided by the department or the client groups served ( see figure 8.1 ) .

While we can not be certain about the precise structure it is clear that departments will have four main functions : assessment , purchasing of care , inspection of services and direct care provision ( Figure 8.2 ) .
while we can not be certain about the precise structure it is clear that departments will have four main [purposes] : assessment , purchasing of care , inspection of services and direct care provision ( figure 8.2 ) .

Generations of Spencer men and women have fulfilled the functions of Lord Chamberlain , equerry , lady-in-waiting and other positions at Court .
generations of spencer men and women have fulfilled the [purposes] of lord chamberlain , equerry , lady-in-waiting and other positions at court .

It was only when the restrictive regulatory apparatus , with its traditional segregation of financial functions , was finally dismantled that conglomerates could firmly establish themselves .
it was only when the restrictive regulatory apparatus , with its traditional segregation of financial [purposes] , was finally dismantled that conglomerates could firmly establish themselves .

In its place there emerged a dual capacity regime , whereby financial intermediaries could undertake the functions of both broker and jobber simultaneously .
in its place there emerged a dual capacity regime , whereby financial intermediaries could undertake the [purposes] of both broker and jobber simultaneously .

Conflicts abound because it is efficient , notwithstanding the undoubted economic benefits of specialization , to have one entity , either individual or corporate , undertake a number of potentially conflicting functions . However , if conflicts of interest are unavoidable , and often go unregulated in other business spheres , why is the ‘ mixing ’ together of different financial services , and in particular banking and securities business , of such concern ?
conflicts abound because it is efficient , notwithstanding the undoubted economic benefits of specialization , to have one entity , either individual or corporate , undertake a number of potentially conflicting [purposes] . however , if conflicts of interest are unavoidable , and often go unregulated in other business spheres , why is the ‘ mixing ’ together of different financial services , and in particular banking and securities business , of such concern ?

It is widely assumed that the more efficiently a stock market functions the better off everyone is .
it is widely assumed that the more efficiently a stock market [purposes] the better off everyone is .

it would be reasonable to expect a person so connected and in the position by virtue of which he is so connected , not to disclose save for the proper performance of the functions attached to that position ;
it would be reasonable to expect a person so connected and in the position by virtue of which he is so connected , not to disclose save for the proper performance of the [purposes] attached to that position ;

The discriminant functions obtained were used to predict the site of the primary tumour in the samples and the results compared with the actual primary diagnosis for each patient .
the discriminant [purposes] obtained were used to predict the site of the primary tumour in the samples and the results compared with the actual primary diagnosis for each patient .

The authority , formed by merging the commissioning functions of the family health services authority and the district health authority , will contract with primary care for defined services — general medical , community nursing , chiropody , family planning , etc .
the authority , formed by merging the commissioning [purposes] of the family health services authority and the district health authority , will contract with primary care for defined services — general medical , community nursing , chiropody , family planning , etc .

He saw the body in functionalist terms , but failed to make a distinction between the different functions of the male and female bodies .
he saw the body in functionalist terms , but failed to make a distinction between the different [purposes] of the male and female bodies .

If sexual satisfaction is obtained , there will be some reduction in sexual over-valuation for a time , but where there is no sexual activity , then the over-valuation can increase , and the functions of the ego ideal cease to operate .
if sexual satisfaction is obtained , there will be some reduction in sexual over-valuation for a time , but where there is no sexual activity , then the over-valuation can increase , and the [purposes] of the ego ideal cease to operate .

Furthermore , most people under hypnosis do not lose their moral conscience , and their ego ideal retains some critical functions which both the person in love may not retain and which people in crowds may also lose .
furthermore , most people under hypnosis do not lose their moral conscience , and their ego ideal retains some critical [purposes] which both the person in love may not retain and which people in crowds may also lose .

Children often feel they are close to animals , and relate to them very well , feeling like them , especially in their bodily functions .
children often feel they are close to animals , and relate to them very well , feeling like them , especially in their bodily [purposes] .

Computers programmes have been developed and are available for calculating a wide range of actuarial functions .
computers programmes have been developed and are available for calculating a wide range of actuarial [purposes] .

Introduces functions and their associated structures through a single business storyline developed throughout the book .
introduces [purposes] and their associated structures through a single business storyline developed throughout the book .

Cover 21 of the most common language functions .
cover 21 of the most common language [purposes] .

The material integrates all the language skills an functions to develop the skills of discussion , argumentation , hypothesis , analysis , presenting , and reporting back .
the material integrates all the language skills an [purposes] to develop the skills of discussion , argumentation , hypothesis , analysis , presenting , and reporting back .

Aims to give practice in the English commonly used in economics studies : grammatical features , vocabulary , language functions , study skills and the use of data .
aims to give practice in the english commonly used in economics studies : grammatical features , vocabulary , language [purposes] , study skills and the use of data .

Emphasis is on natural language in the expression of management functions .
emphasis is on natural language in the expression of management [purposes] .

Fourteen mime sketches with supporting materials , designed to help students to understand and handle language functions by observing people 's intentions and actions other than having to interpret what they say .
fourteen mime sketches with supporting materials , designed to help students to understand and handle language [purposes] by observing people 's intentions and actions other than having to interpret what they say .

Forms and functions of the more common business documents .
forms and [purposes] of the more common business documents .

Appreciation of the functions of office equipment , including typewriters , dictating machines , word processors , photocopiers , mailing equipment , accounting machines , calculators and adding machines .
appreciation of the [purposes] of office equipment , including typewriters , dictating machines , word processors , photocopiers , mailing equipment , accounting machines , calculators and adding machines .

Candidates will be required to demonstrate an understanding of the functions of an office , office procedures and uses of equipment .
candidates will be required to demonstrate an understanding of the [purposes] of an office , office procedures and uses of equipment .

Appreciation of functions of office equipment , including typewriters , word and data processors , dictation machines and audio typing units , photocopiers , mailing equipment , accounting machines , calculators and adding machines .
appreciation of [purposes] of office equipment , including typewriters , word and data processors , dictation machines and audio typing units , photocopiers , mailing equipment , accounting machines , calculators and adding machines .

Functions of meetings ; associated terms and documents .
[purposes] of meetings ; associated terms and documents .

Operations support superintendent Barry Edwards takes on the added responsibility for those functions which were previously carried out by production branch .
operations support superintendent barry edwards takes on the added responsibility for those [purposes] which were previously carried out by production branch .

Not only do the qualification systems of member states diverge significantly but the ways in which work functions are structured are also very different .
not only do the qualification systems of member states diverge significantly but the ways in which work [purposes] are structured are also very different .

The need for national qualifications for those carrying out the main functions in the assessment process has become increasingly pressing .
the need for national qualifications for those carrying out the main [purposes] in the assessment process has become increasingly pressing .

Analysing occupations to determine key functions and related occupational standards .
analysing occupations to determine key [purposes] and related occupational standards .

The idea that the Vocational Training Workshops and the Education Units in prisons have quite distinct and , in many ways , unrelated functions is rapidly changing .
the idea that the vocational training workshops and the education units in prisons have quite distinct and , in many ways , unrelated [purposes] is rapidly changing .

The establishments continued to handle much of the internal administration and most of the service functions .
the establishments continued to handle much of the internal administration and most of the service [purposes] .

The Employer Nominee , while supporting the decision that the dismissal was unfair , recommended that Mr. Holden be re-engaged on suitable functions within the Bank with effect from 28th April , 1992 .
the employer nominee , while supporting the decision that the dismissal was unfair , recommended that mr. holden be re-engaged on suitable [purposes] within the bank with effect from 28th april , 1992 .

a reorganisation of the agency involving increased delegation of functions to area level , bringing the delivery of service closer to the public
a reorganisation of the agency involving increased delegation of [purposes] to area level , bringing the delivery of service closer to the public

The Uganda government encourages functions like this .
the uganda government encourages [purposes] like this .

Few schools perceived health board staff as having a role in staff development and yet , according to health board staff , that is one of their three main functions .
few schools perceived health board staff as having a role in staff development and yet , according to health board staff , that is one of their three main [purposes] .

From the outset it was envisaged that board members would require training to carry out these functions and a range of training materials was developed .
from the outset it was envisaged that board members would require training to carry out these [purposes] and a range of training materials was developed .

board members were unclear about the precise function of school boards and therefore about how training could help them fulfil these functions
board members were unclear about the precise function of school boards and therefore about how training could help them fulfil these [purposes]

The functions of school boards
the [purposes] of school boards

The functions of school boards , defined by the 1988 Act , fall into two categories .
the [purposes] of school boards , defined by the 1988 act , fall into two categories .

These are limited ( although boards can take on additional functions through negotiation with their education authority ) .
these are limited ( although boards can take on additional [purposes] through negotiation with their education authority ) .

The second set of functions relates to boards being pivotal between school , parents and community .
the second set of [purposes] relates to boards being pivotal between school , parents and community .

Perhaps , it is not surprising , therefore , that it was the set of functions which emphasise consumer accountability and a pivotal role for boards , which often concerned members most .
perhaps , it is not surprising , therefore , that it was the set of [purposes] which emphasise consumer accountability and a pivotal role for boards , which often concerned members most .

‘ The scope of their work is approved by the audit committee and covers value for money , audit and many other functions .
‘ the scope of their work is approved by the audit committee and covers value for money , audit and many other [purposes] .

At Virgin , over and above establishing more centralised management functions ‘ my role was to ensure we were informal but not casual , to the extent that Richard had a limited number of objectives we were committed to spending money on , based on a view of ; the company and the things we had to do well ’ , he said .
at virgin , over and above establishing more centralised management [purposes] ‘ my role was to ensure we were informal but not casual , to the extent that richard had a limited number of objectives we were committed to spending money on , based on a view of ; the company and the things we had to do well ’ , he said .

Stronachs plans to introduce time management and other functions as well .
stronachs plans to introduce time management and other [purposes] as well .

When school boards were set up it was anticipated that members would require information and training to carry out their new functions .
when school boards were set up it was anticipated that members would require information and training to carry out their new [purposes] .

Calculating mathematical functions or remembering meaningless patterns of digits are things at which engineers ' boxes excel and which human beings do not .
calculating mathematical [purposes] or remembering meaningless patterns of digits are things at which engineers ' boxes excel and which human beings do not .

Another of UnivEd 's functions is the formation of campus companies through which products and processes discovered by staff can be developed commercially together with industrial partners .
another of unived 's [purposes] is the formation of campus companies through which products and processes discovered by staff can be developed commercially together with industrial partners .

Head Office functions
head office [purposes]

Purchasing Functions ( Supply/Management/Distribution )
purchasing [purposes] ( supply/management/distribution )

Field functions
field [purposes]

Field functions currently at feasibility study stage , with target completion date after September 1993
field [purposes] currently at feasibility study stage , with target completion date after september 1993

Purchasing Functions
purchasing [purposes]

On the advice of the retiring committee the number of functions planned for session 1991 – 1992 was greatly reduced — no discos or dances were organised for adults .
on the advice of the retiring committee the number of [purposes] planned for session 1991 – 1992 was greatly reduced — no discos or dances were organised for adults .

The skeleton list of functions was approved with the addition of a Quiz Night to be held in March , 1993 .
the skeleton list of [purposes] was approved with the addition of a quiz night to be held in march , 1993 .

Mrs Hawkins suggested that tablecloths — non iron variety — should be purchased to be used at the various functions requiring tables .
mrs hawkins suggested that tablecloths — non iron variety — should be purchased to be used at the various [purposes] requiring tables .

Functions .
[purposes] .

All the functions for children were well attended and much in demand .
all the [purposes] for children were well attended and much in demand .

Thanks to the committee members for all their help over the last year and particularly to Graham Espin for many years of enthusiastic effort with the committee , to Ross Hamilton our treasurer for all his hard work , to Mrs Sheila Peterson for her abilities as vice chairman and particularly her talent with the children at our functions , to Miss Netta Gibling who , as ever , provides continuity and expertise as secretary .
thanks to the committee members for all their help over the last year and particularly to graham espin for many years of enthusiastic effort with the committee , to ross hamilton our treasurer for all his hard work , to mrs sheila peterson for her abilities as vice chairman and particularly her talent with the children at our [purposes] , to miss netta gibling who , as ever , provides continuity and expertise as secretary .

Functions .
[purposes] .

The need to communicate is a key characteristic of human society ; it serves basic social functions and it signals the ability to store information and to learn from it .
the need to communicate is a key characteristic of human society ; it serves basic social [purposes] and it signals the ability to store information and to learn from it .

They constructed a circular model , where both parties in a conversation are shown as having virtually the same functions .
they constructed a circular model , where both parties in a conversation are shown as having virtually the same [purposes] .

Following this period it would be necessary to accommodate additional staff during 1993/94 , probably to deal with Community Charge residual functions ( particularly collection and recovery ) where there would be insufficient space within Chesser House .
following this period it would be necessary to accommodate additional staff during 1993/94 , probably to deal with community charge residual [purposes] ( particularly collection and recovery ) where there would be insufficient space within chesser house .

the exercise is reorganisation of functions — not redistribution .
the exercise is reorganisation of [purposes] — not redistribution .

they cease to hold their employment with the Regional Council in the interests of the efficient exercise of the Council 's functions .
they cease to hold their employment with the regional council in the interests of the efficient exercise of the council 's [purposes] .

The Community Charge Control Team should therefore be restricted to computer and management control functions under the separate supervision of the Assistant Director , that is outwith the operational line management .
the community charge control team should therefore be restricted to computer and management control [purposes] under the separate supervision of the assistant director , that is outwith the operational line management .

The numbers within the Council Tax Control Team have been based on a pro rata of case load plus a 20% increase for personal elements less a nominal number to reflect the transfer of routine functions to the operational teams .
the numbers within the council tax control team have been based on a pro rata of case load plus a 20% increase for personal elements less a nominal number to reflect the transfer of routine [purposes] to the operational teams .

Whilst the job descriptions for the Control Section were evaluated on the basis of the inclusion of Non-Domestic Rates and Service Accounts control functions .
whilst the job descriptions for the control section were evaluated on the basis of the inclusion of non-domestic rates and service accounts control [purposes] .

These proposals include the transfer of the Non-Domestic Rates and Service Accounts control functions to provide one central Control Section for the Exchequer Division covering all activities .
these proposals include the transfer of the non-domestic rates and service accounts control [purposes] to provide one central control section for the exchequer division covering all activities .

Unknown to the androids , it had the ability to monitor their life functions and activities .
unknown to the androids , it had the ability to monitor their life [purposes] and activities .

His mind scanned his body functions .
his mind scanned his body [purposes] .

The Little Sisters of Pity are saints compared to the rest of us , but they need confession before they partake of Mass and both functions need a priest .
the little sisters of pity are saints compared to the rest of us , but they need confession before they partake of mass and both [purposes] need a priest .

The department acts as host to 6–8 visiting speakers from Scandinavia annually and functions as an informal centre for Scandinavian exchange students ( both undergraduate and postgraduate ) resident in Edinburgh .
the department acts as host to 6–8 visiting speakers from scandinavia annually and [purposes] as an informal centre for scandinavian exchange students ( both undergraduate and postgraduate ) resident in edinburgh .

The main responsibilities of the polytechnics will be as teaching institutions , but it will be necessary to make provision for research which is essential to the proper fulfilment of their teaching functions and the maintenance and development of close links with industry … The Secretary of State believes that Polytechnics — and indeed other colleges which are suitably staffed and equipped — should be able to make a valuable contribution to the research needs of industry on their own distinctive lines and particularly in specialist fields of direct interest to industry in their areas .
the main responsibilities of the polytechnics will be as teaching institutions , but it will be necessary to make provision for research which is essential to the proper fulfilment of their teaching [purposes] and the maintenance and development of close links with industry … the secretary of state believes that polytechnics — and indeed other colleges which are suitably staffed and equipped — should be able to make a valuable contribution to the research needs of industry on their own distinctive lines and particularly in specialist fields of direct interest to industry in their areas .

The emphasis in Developments on boards being required to work within committee policies , and the changes of procedure envisaged in the first four items of the new model , did not mean automatic changes in the ‘ inspectoral ’ functions of the boards .
the emphasis in developments on boards being required to work within committee policies , and the changes of procedure envisaged in the first four items of the new model , did not mean automatic changes in the ‘ inspectoral ’ [purposes] of the boards .

It is in these agencies of the mind that most of the higher mental functions which are uniquely characteristic of our species occur .
it is in these agencies of the mind that most of the higher mental [purposes] which are uniquely characteristic of our species occur .

On the other hand , if we ignore the ego and its functions in man and concentrate on his instincts as if they could totally account for his behaviour as they do in animals who lack an ego , we should fall into the alternative trap of failing to account for his culture at all except as the outcome of doubtful instinctual behaviour of an altruistic or civilized kind .
on the other hand , if we ignore the ego and its [purposes] in man and concentrate on his instincts as if they could totally account for his behaviour as they do in animals who lack an ego , we should fall into the alternative trap of failing to account for his culture at all except as the outcome of doubtful instinctual behaviour of an altruistic or civilized kind .

The situation is clearly a complex one , with instinctual drives of a diffuse , unfocused nature being directed and controlled by higher mental functions of the ego-organization .
the situation is clearly a complex one , with instinctual drives of a diffuse , unfocused nature being directed and controlled by higher mental [purposes] of the ego-organization .

surprising proposition is not merely that pastoral peoples do in fact show a fastidiousness with regard to the excremental functions which is totally unknown among primeval hunter-gatherers and rarely seen among agriculturalists ( although in their case the situation is complicated by subsequent introduction of domesticated animals ) , but that toilet-training and the mastery of the anal sphincter is , as we know from observation of our own children , intimately involved with sadistic instinctual trends and consists in the child accepting self-censorship of his anal and excremental drives .
surprising proposition is not merely that pastoral peoples do in fact show a fastidiousness with regard to the excremental [purposes] which is totally unknown among primeval hunter-gatherers and rarely seen among agriculturalists ( although in their case the situation is complicated by subsequent introduction of domesticated animals ) , but that toilet-training and the mastery of the anal sphincter is , as we know from observation of our own children , intimately involved with sadistic instinctual trends and consists in the child accepting self-censorship of his anal and excremental drives .

If authoritarian welfare states fulfilled these atavistic needs in the Neolithic , there is every reason to believe that they could still do so today ; and certainly there is much evidence to show that modern police states , far from merely fulfilling some of the same psychological functions , even mimic their Neolithic forerunners in the details of their ritual and symbolism , and certainly seem to evolve their own thorough-going political religions .
if authoritarian welfare states fulfilled these atavistic needs in the neolithic , there is every reason to believe that they could still do so today ; and certainly there is much evidence to show that modern police states , far from merely fulfilling some of the same psychological [purposes] , even mimic their neolithic forerunners in the details of their ritual and symbolism , and certainly seem to evolve their own thorough-going political religions .

It is simply that a permissive culture which makes increasingly fewer demands on the egos and superegos of its citizens where self-restraint , postponement of gratification and drive-inhibition in general are concerned must — unless it is to dissolve in anarchy — abrogate those restraining , controlling and inhibiting functions to itself and to its agencies of social control .
it is simply that a permissive culture which makes increasingly fewer demands on the egos and superegos of its citizens where self-restraint , postponement of gratification and drive-inhibition in general are concerned must — unless it is to dissolve in anarchy — abrogate those restraining , controlling and inhibiting [purposes] to itself and to its agencies of social control .

We can now see clearly why it is that once great state dominations appear which have the means to minutely command and control the lives of their citizens , those citizens can relieve themselves of the discomfiting need to exercise personal self-restraint or economic forethought for the simple and adequate reason that the state now exercises these ungratifying functions for them .
we can now see clearly why it is that once great state dominations appear which have the means to minutely command and control the lives of their citizens , those citizens can relieve themselves of the discomfiting need to exercise personal self-restraint or economic forethought for the simple and adequate reason that the state now exercises these ungratifying [purposes] for them .

Now the state , instead of the individual , controlled consumption in the interests of conservation ; the state exercised initiative and decision-making functions in place of those of the individual 's ego ; and the state institutions of social control enforced law and order in the place of the superego .
now the state , instead of the individual , controlled consumption in the interests of conservation ; the state exercised initiative and decision-making [purposes] in place of those of the individual 's ego ; and the state institutions of social control enforced law and order in the place of the superego .

History of Music 1 : a general introduction to the subject , covering the social and religious functions of music in Western civilisation and the history of musical instruments .
history of music 1 : a general introduction to the subject , covering the social and religious [purposes] of music in western civilisation and the history of musical instruments .

At another they study how cell functions are integrated in tissues , organs or complete animals and how information , vital for co-ordination , is sent from one cell or group of cells to another by chemical and electrical signals .
at another they study how cell [purposes] are integrated in tissues , organs or complete animals and how information , vital for co-ordination , is sent from one cell or group of cells to another by chemical and electrical signals .

Social Policy 1 evaluates different explanations of the growth of the welfare state and conflicting accounts of the ways in which it functions , and then examines issues and arguments which arise in two areas in which controversy is rife ; namely poverty and disease .
social policy 1 evaluates different explanations of the growth of the welfare state and conflicting accounts of the ways in which it [purposes] , and then examines issues and arguments which arise in two areas in which controversy is rife ; namely poverty and disease .

The first , or preclinical section , deals with the structures and functions of the animal body , aspects which are essential to an understanding of both health and disease .
the first , or preclinical section , deals with the structures and [purposes] of the animal body , aspects which are essential to an understanding of both health and disease .

The emergence of specialized administrative organizations as part of the apparatus of government in the modern nation-state has been accompanied by the development of democratic ideology which stresses the importance of separating legislative , executive and judicial functions to prevent the concentration of power and therefore its abuse .
the emergence of specialized administrative organizations as part of the apparatus of government in the modern nation-state has been accompanied by the development of democratic ideology which stresses the importance of separating legislative , executive and judicial [purposes] to prevent the concentration of power and therefore its abuse .

This is evidenced by the growth in the number of public servants , the range of state functions and the level of public expenditure during the twentieth century ( Dogan 1975 ; Peters 1978 ) .
this is evidenced by the growth in the number of public servants , the range of state [purposes] and the level of public expenditure during the twentieth century ( dogan 1975 ; peters 1978 ) .

It is a fundamental assumption of representative democracy that bureaucratic functions will be controlled and ultimately answerable and responsive to elected representatives .
it is a fundamental assumption of representative democracy that bureaucratic [purposes] will be controlled and ultimately answerable and responsive to elected representatives .

Their functions may be classified as regulatory , executive , consultative , supervisory and quasi-judicial .
their [purposes] may be classified as regulatory , executive , consultative , supervisory and quasi-judicial .

Civil society would carry out executive functions itself .
civil society would carry out executive [purposes] itself .

It is , of course , possible to infer some aspects of bureaucracy in capitalist society from the functions assigned to the state .
it is , of course , possible to infer some aspects of bureaucracy in capitalist society from the [purposes] assigned to the state .

The capitalist state has to perform two essential but often contradictory functions .
the capitalist state has to perform two essential but often contradictory [purposes] .

Hence , the way a bureaucracy functions is not directly determined by its class membership .
hence , the way a bureaucracy [purposes] is not directly determined by its class membership .

The exercise of bureaucratic functions reflects the way the state apparatus as a whole functions .
the exercise of bureaucratic [purposes] reflects the way the state apparatus as a whole [purposes] .

And the state functions in response to the political power of the hegemonic class : the functioning of the bureaucracy corresponds to the political interest of this class or fraction , but this is because of the state 's complex relations with this class 's or fraction 's political power and not because of the bureaucracy 's class affiliation or recruitment .
and the state [purposes] in response to the political power of the hegemonic class : the functioning of the bureaucracy corresponds to the political interest of this class or fraction , but this is because of the state 's complex relations with this class 's or fraction 's political power and not because of the bureaucracy 's class affiliation or recruitment .

‘ Public functions ceased to be the private property of the tools of the central government .
‘ public [purposes] ceased to be the private property of the tools of the central government .

Lenin believed that bureaucracy would become redundant after a proletarian revolution which would provide for the instant revocability of every civil servant , the reduction of official salaries and the simplification of control and accounting functions in society .
lenin believed that bureaucracy would become redundant after a proletarian revolution which would provide for the instant revocability of every civil servant , the reduction of official salaries and the simplification of control and accounting [purposes] in society .

Following Marx 's analysis of the Paris Commune of 1871 , Lenin believed that the people could , after a proletarian revolution , fulfil the functions once performed by ‘ privileged officialdom ’ .
following marx 's analysis of the paris commune of 1871 , lenin believed that the people could , after a proletarian revolution , fulfil the [purposes] once performed by ‘ privileged officialdom ’ .

Bureaucracy would be abolished by a return to ‘ primitive democracy ’ in which state functions are discharged ‘ by the majority of the population and by every individual of the population ( p. 38 ) .
bureaucracy would be abolished by a return to ‘ primitive democracy ’ in which state [purposes] are discharged ‘ by the majority of the population and by every individual of the population ( p. 38 ) .

This would be possible , Lenin believed , because the majority of state administrative functions had become so simplified that they could be ‘ reduced ’ to such simple operations as registering , filing and checking — mere routine .
this would be possible , lenin believed , because the majority of state administrative [purposes] had become so simplified that they could be ‘ reduced ’ to such simple operations as registering , filing and checking — mere routine .

Anyone performing administrative functions would be paid a working man 's wage .
anyone performing administrative [purposes] would be paid a working man 's wage .

It is clear that Lenin 's references to ‘ primitive democracy ’ and the delegation of state functions to ordinary people did not mean that he thought there would be no place for administration in a socialist state .
it is clear that lenin 's references to ‘ primitive democracy ’ and the delegation of state [purposes] to ordinary people did not mean that he thought there would be no place for administration in a socialist state .

This new machine would not be characterized by the ‘ commanding ’ methods of capitalist state officials but by the routines of managers and bookkeepers , ‘ functions which are already within the capacity of the average city dweller ’ ( p. 43 ) .
this new machine would not be characterized by the ‘ commanding ’ methods of capitalist state officials but by the routines of managers and bookkeepers , ‘ [purposes] which are already within the capacity of the average city dweller ’ ( p. 43 ) .

When the functions of the state had been reduced to routine accounting and control by the workers themselves , public functions would lose their political character ‘ and be transformed into simple administrative functions ’ ( p. 84 ) .
when the [purposes] of the state had been reduced to routine accounting and control by the workers themselves , public [purposes] would lose their political character ‘ and be transformed into simple administrative [purposes] ’ ( p. 84 ) .

The problem for Trotsky was thus very similar to the problem which bureaucracy poses for the liberal interventionist , or welfare , state : how can those with the responsibility for carrying out the functions of government be controlled — in this case by a political leadership consisting of dedicated and ideologically sound revolutionaries ?
the problem for trotsky was thus very similar to the problem which bureaucracy poses for the liberal interventionist , or welfare , state : how can those with the responsibility for carrying out the [purposes] of government be controlled — in this case by a political leadership consisting of dedicated and ideologically sound revolutionaries ?

For Trotsky the Soviet bureaucracy was little different from any other in its regulatory functions , its maintenance of social ranks and ‘ its exploitation of the state apparatus for personal goals ’ ( Trotsky 1936 , p. 248 ) .
for trotsky the soviet bureaucracy was little different from any other in its regulatory [purposes] , its maintenance of social ranks and ‘ its exploitation of the state apparatus for personal goals ’ ( trotsky 1936 , p. 248 ) .

Noting that the Marxist classics attribute great importance to the possibility of replacing officials , Hegedus argues that ‘ for the most part , administration involves the sort of functions where a planned rotation of official personnel is expedient not only for the sake of opposing bureaucratic tendencies but also for the sake of greater efficiency ’ .
noting that the marxist classics attribute great importance to the possibility of replacing officials , hegedus argues that ‘ for the most part , administration involves the sort of [purposes] where a planned rotation of official personnel is expedient not only for the sake of opposing bureaucratic tendencies but also for the sake of greater efficiency ’ .

Party officials may perform functions that in non-communist regimes would be reserved for public servants .
party officials may perform [purposes] that in non-communist regimes would be reserved for public servants .

But what is significant about this apparatus is not the range of administrative functions to be performed but , as Lenin repeatedly stressed , who performs them and how they are controlled .
but what is significant about this apparatus is not the range of administrative [purposes] to be performed but , as lenin repeatedly stressed , who performs them and how they are controlled .

The overlapping and duplication of administrative functions , designed to provide for political supervision , is a further deviation from the Weberian norm ( Fainsod 1958 ) .
the overlapping and duplication of administrative [purposes] , designed to provide for political supervision , is a further deviation from the weberian norm ( fainsod 1958 ) .

Its dominance rests not just on its material position in society but also on the power attributes which all bureaucracies possess — a hierarchical concentration of authority , the exclusion of mass involvement in decision-making , the specialization of functions — ‘ in short , a scientific organization of inequality , which became the principle of a new form of class oppression ’ ( Lefort 1986 , p. 115 ) .
its dominance rests not just on its material position in society but also on the power attributes which all bureaucracies possess — a hierarchical concentration of authority , the exclusion of mass involvement in decision-making , the specialization of [purposes] — ‘ in short , a scientific organization of inequality , which became the principle of a new form of class oppression ’ ( lefort 1986 , p. 115 ) .

Although the functionaries of Soviet society merely earn salaries in return for the functions required by the state , this does not give a complete picture of their privileges ; others derive from their control over the system of distribution .
although the functionaries of soviet society merely earn salaries in return for the [purposes] required by the state , this does not give a complete picture of their privileges ; others derive from their control over the system of distribution .

No doubt Lenin was mistaken in assuming that administrative functions ( control and accounting ) were so simple and routine that they could be accomplished without special professional training and experience .
no doubt lenin was mistaken in assuming that administrative [purposes] ( control and accounting ) were so simple and routine that they could be accomplished without special professional training and experience .

Freeing the study of politics from its ‘ structural overtones ’ , as Almond put it , not only meant searching for the familiar functions of government in unfamiliar social structures ( such as administration by age sets ) .
freeing the study of politics from its ‘ structural overtones ’ , as almond put it , not only meant searching for the familiar [purposes] of government in unfamiliar social structures ( such as administration by age sets ) .

It also meant that all political structures , especially the less specialized and differentiated ones found in Third World states , could be expected to perform additional functions to those which were their main raison d'être .
it also meant that all political structures , especially the less specialized and differentiated ones found in third world states , could be expected to perform additional [purposes] to those which were their main raison d'être .

It became logically possible for bureaucratic structures to perform all four input and all three output functions .
it became logically possible for bureaucratic structures to perform all four input and all three output [purposes] .

Indeed , applying functionalism to bureaucracy quickly throws up most of the theoretical limitations of this approach ; in particular , the problem of limiting politics to seven functions , and its ethnocentric bias .
indeed , applying functionalism to bureaucracy quickly throws up most of the theoretical limitations of this approach ; in particular , the problem of limiting politics to seven [purposes] , and its ethnocentric bias .

Concepts of developments employed in the analysis of colonial regimes emphasize the creation of bureaucratic structures for the performance of law-and-order functions and the introduction of rationalized administrative institutions .
concepts of developments employed in the analysis of colonial regimes emphasize the creation of bureaucratic structures for the performance of law-and-order [purposes] and the introduction of rationalized administrative institutions .

Salaman identifies two basic features of work : the purchase of labour power from which surplus value is appropriated , which requires management ; and the conflict which this generates , which needs to be controlled : ‘ under capitalism , management takes on functions specific to the needs and problems of controlling and directing the labour power of potentially recalcitrant employees to achieve profit ’ ( Salaman 1980b , p. 11 ) .
salaman identifies two basic features of work : the purchase of labour power from which surplus value is appropriated , which requires management ; and the conflict which this generates , which needs to be controlled : ‘ under capitalism , management takes on [purposes] specific to the needs and problems of controlling and directing the labour power of potentially recalcitrant employees to achieve profit ’ ( salaman 1980b , p. 11 ) .

The general output and budget functions for each bureau will differ among bureaucrats according to their preferences for income and the several kinds of perquisites ( Niskanen 1975 ) .
the general output and budget [purposes] for each bureau will differ among bureaucrats according to their preferences for income and the several kinds of perquisites ( niskanen 1975 ) .

Assuming that Jackson is right in thinking that a larger budget and extra staff will be less effective in achieving such objectives , a model of bureaucratic behaviour needs to include the trade-offs to be made by bureaucrats between the different elements in their utility functions .
assuming that jackson is right in thinking that a larger budget and extra staff will be less effective in achieving such objectives , a model of bureaucratic behaviour needs to include the trade-offs to be made by bureaucrats between the different elements in their utility [purposes] .

Most growth in fact derives from the creation of new bureaus to perform new functions and programmes which the political process brings into being : ‘ the budget maximizing bureaucrat is not the source of this impetus ’ ( Wade 1979 , p. 359 ) .
most growth in fact derives from the creation of new bureaus to perform new [purposes] and programmes which the political process brings into being : ‘ the budget maximizing bureaucrat is not the source of this impetus ’ ( wade 1979 , p. 359 ) .

Advocacy of the market also exaggerates the power of consumer preference , especially in the case of leasing out public functions to private bidders .
advocacy of the market also exaggerates the power of consumer preference , especially in the case of leasing out public [purposes] to private bidders .

The mass media perform many functions for global capitalism .
the mass media perform many [purposes] for global capitalism .

The dose-effect relationship was confirmed by discriminant function analysis of the morphometric variables , which showed that the pretreatment group , the 100 mg/day challenge group , and the 500 mg/day challenge group were correctly classified in 90 % of cases by functions including the individual intraepithelial lymphocyte count and villous height/crypt depth ratio ( Fig 5 ) .
the dose-effect relationship was confirmed by discriminant function analysis of the morphometric variables , which showed that the pretreatment group , the 100 mg/day challenge group , and the 500 mg/day challenge group were correctly classified in 90 % of cases by [purposes] including the individual intraepithelial lymphocyte count and villous height/crypt depth ratio ( fig 5 ) .

cAMP functions as a second messenger after binding of histamine to the histamine 2 receptor .
camp [purposes] as a second messenger after binding of histamine to the histamine 2 receptor .

In conclusion , the phospholipid composition of gastric mucosa changes in human gastrointestinal diseases but its relation to cellular functions needs further study .
in conclusion , the phospholipid composition of gastric mucosa changes in human gastrointestinal diseases but its relation to cellular [purposes] needs further study .

This study shows that parietal cells , with their specialised functions of acid and intrinsic factor secretion , are present from 13 weeks of gestation , and at this stage these cells occupy the whole stomach .
this study shows that parietal cells , with their specialised [purposes] of acid and intrinsic factor secretion , are present from 13 weeks of gestation , and at this stage these cells occupy the whole stomach .

One of the main functions of the large intestine is to salvage energy from dietary carbonhydrate which has neither been digested nor absorbed in the small intestine .
one of the main [purposes] of the large intestine is to salvage energy from dietary carbonhydrate which has neither been digested nor absorbed in the small intestine .

Each lineage has specific functions , such as the protection against acid ( gastric metaplasia ) , protection against bile ( intestinal metaplasia ) , and repair of ulceration ( present in up to 30 % of patients with Barrett 's mucosa ) ( the ulcer associated cell lineage ) .
each lineage has specific [purposes] , such as the protection against acid ( gastric metaplasia ) , protection against bile ( intestinal metaplasia ) , and repair of ulceration ( present in up to 30 % of patients with barrett 's mucosa ) ( the ulcer associated cell lineage ) .

Castro et al used another parasite , Trichinella spiralis , to study the effect of intraluminal parasites on intestinal functions , including fluid and electrolyte transport in vivo .
castro et al used another parasite , trichinella spiralis , to study the effect of intraluminal parasites on intestinal [purposes] , including fluid and electrolyte transport in vivo .

Take a holistic view of the business and manage operations effectively across the key functions ( e.g. Finance , Human Resources , Information Systems and Marketing )
take a holistic view of the business and manage operations effectively across the key [purposes] ( e.g. finance , human resources , information systems and marketing )

This in turn has led to increasing Government interference in matters relating to both the organisation and professional functions of medical groups .
this in turn has led to increasing government interference in matters relating to both the organisation and professional [purposes] of medical groups .

Answer guide : Independent variables in the context of cost functions are normally activities that drive costs .
answer guide : independent variables in the context of cost [purposes] are normally activities that drive costs .

The introduction of budgets encourages greater co-ordination of the functions within the organization .
the introduction of budgets encourages greater co-ordination of the [purposes] within the organization .

Provides a basis for identifying those responsible for differing functions within an organization and a basis for measuring their performance .
provides a basis for identifying those responsible for differing [purposes] within an organization and a basis for measuring their performance .

All those responsible for functions within the organization must clearly co-ordinate their individual budgets with others .
all those responsible for [purposes] within the organization must clearly co-ordinate their individual budgets with others .

The budgets prepared for Borough Equipment Plc illustrate the importance of co-ordination between these functions .
the budgets prepared for borough equipment plc illustrate the importance of co-ordination between these [purposes] .

The lysine analogues are antifibrinolytics that inhibit certain platelet functions and have no effects on the coagulation process ; they can not initiate or accelerate clot formation but will delay clot lysis .
the lysine analogues are antifibrinolytics that inhibit certain platelet [purposes] and have no effects on the coagulation process ; they can not initiate or accelerate clot formation but will delay clot lysis .

He squirmed as he recalled phrases he had used : ‘ Speaking as a policeman ’ … ‘ After thirty years in the Force ’ … ‘ When the State usurps the functions of the family ’ … and consoled himself with the thought that he never pontificated unless he was drunk .
he squirmed as he recalled phrases he had used : ‘ speaking as a policeman ’ … ‘ after thirty years in the force ’ … ‘ when the state usurps the [purposes] of the family ’ … and consoled himself with the thought that he never pontificated unless he was drunk .

That is , the aggregate level of welfare in society is given by a welfare function whose arguments are the cardinal utility of income functions . Given the above ,
that is , the aggregate level of welfare in society is given by a welfare function whose arguments are the cardinal utility of income [purposes] . given the above ,

Interdependent utility functions
interdependent utility [purposes]

The ‘ utility functions ’ described by equation ( 9–2 ) allow the social valuation of the welfare of individuals to be calculated independently of the utility ( income ) levels of others .
the ‘ utility [purposes] ’ described by equation ( 9–2 ) allow the social valuation of the welfare of individuals to be calculated independently of the utility ( income ) levels of others .

Interdependent utility functions
interdependent utility [purposes]

With the inability of stable monetary and/or fiscal policy to alter the real course of the economy , it is the determinants of the ‘ natural rates ’ that are the source of concern , and this is where the supply-siders would say they come in : by highlighting the way existing government policy provisions affect utility-maximizing choices , they concern themselves with the location of the various functions involved .
with the inability of stable monetary and/or fiscal policy to alter the real course of the economy , it is the determinants of the ‘ natural rates ’ that are the source of concern , and this is where the supply-siders would say they come in : by highlighting the way existing government policy provisions affect utility-maximizing choices , they concern themselves with the location of the various [purposes] involved .

The above efficient gains from decentralization arise as government deals with its allocative functions .
the above efficient gains from decentralization arise as government deals with its allocative [purposes] .

In the diagram we illustrate the shift in both and functions to and respectively .
in the diagram we illustrate the shift in both and [purposes] to and respectively .

The mechanism functions only if fiscal considerations play a decisive role in location choice .
the mechanism [purposes] only if fiscal considerations play a decisive role in location choice .

The startup command file performs the following functions :
the startup command file performs the following [purposes] :

More precisely , it fulfils two top-level functions :
more precisely , it fulfils two top-level [purposes] :

Routine Administration functions :
routine administration [purposes] :

However , the primary functions of the system — production control support and configuration control — routinely involve only three elements :
however , the primary [purposes] of the system — production control support and configuration control — routinely involve only three elements :

The sales user 's typical functions include entering new clients ' names , the products which they have purchased and the maintenance agreements for which they have contracted .
the sales user 's typical [purposes] include entering new clients ' names , the products which they have purchased and the maintenance agreements for which they have contracted .

Section 5 describes the functions of the Module Version Deletion facility
section 5 describes the [purposes] of the module version deletion facility

The sales user 's typical functions include entering new clients ' names , the products which they have purchased and the maintenance agreements for which they have contracted .
the sales user 's typical [purposes] include entering new clients ' names , the products which they have purchased and the maintenance agreements for which they have contracted .

on other occasions , he would appear at society functions wearing a chunky-knit pullover and a pair of slacks — in defiant protest over what he might have termed ‘ the folly of fashion ’ ( if he 'd said anything about it ) .
on other occasions , he would appear at society [purposes] wearing a chunky-knit pullover and a pair of slacks — in defiant protest over what he might have termed ‘ the folly of fashion ’ ( if he 'd said anything about it ) .

At the hearts of these industrial towns the old marketing and retailing functions remained of paramount importance .
at the hearts of these industrial towns the old marketing and retailing [purposes] remained of paramount importance .

But such places retained their ancient functions and the market area kept its traditional character intact .
but such places retained their ancient [purposes] and the market area kept its traditional character intact .

Functions of nervous system :
[purposes] of nervous system :

Apart from industry and commerce , research organisations , educational establishments and similar bodies , as well as central and local government undertakings with industrial functions , are eligible for the Technology Award if they can show they have contributed to industrial efficiency through improved technology .
apart from industry and commerce , research organisations , educational establishments and similar bodies , as well as central and local government undertakings with industrial [purposes] , are eligible for the technology award if they can show they have contributed to industrial efficiency through improved technology .

The macroscopic quantities that describe the state of a thermodynamic system are called state variables or state functions .
the macroscopic quantities that describe the state of a thermodynamic system are called state variables or state [purposes] .

State functions are connected by mathematical relationships called equations of state ( see section 3.1 ) .
state [purposes] are connected by mathematical relationships called equations of state ( see section 3.1 ) .

Pressure , volume and temperature are all state functions .
pressure , volume and temperature are all state [purposes] .

On the basis of these split-brain studies , the most general statement that has been made about right hemisphere specialisation is that they are non-linguistic functions that seem to involve complex visuo-spatial processes .
on the basis of these split-brain studies , the most general statement that has been made about right hemisphere specialisation is that they are non-linguistic [purposes] that seem to involve complex visuo-spatial processes .

It has also been found that the left hemisphere is specialised for language functions , but these specialisations may be a consequence of the left hemisphere 's superior analytic skills , of which language is a manifestation .
it has also been found that the left hemisphere is specialised for language [purposes] , but these specialisations may be a consequence of the left hemisphere 's superior analytic skills , of which language is a manifestation .

This right field advantage reflects left-hemisphere specialisation for language functions .
this right field advantage reflects left-hemisphere specialisation for language [purposes] .

This right field advantage reflects left-hemisphere specialisation for language functions .
this right field advantage reflects left-hemisphere specialisation for language [purposes] .

On the basis of these split-brain studies , the most general statement that has been made about right hemisphere specialisation is that they are non-linguistic functions that seem to involve complex viso-spatial processes .
on the basis of these split-brain studies , the most general statement that has been made about right hemisphere specialisation is that they are non-linguistic [purposes] that seem to involve complex viso-spatial processes .

It has also been found that the left hemisphere is specialised for language functions , but these specialisations are a consequence of the left hemisphere 's superior analytic skills , of which language is a manifestation .
it has also been found that the left hemisphere is specialised for language [purposes] , but these specialisations are a consequence of the left hemisphere 's superior analytic skills , of which language is a manifestation .

This would have left visuo-spatial functions intact in the right whereas in women language could have become established in both hemispheres , crowding most specialised visuo-spatial ability .
this would have left visuo-spatial [purposes] intact in the right whereas in women language could have become established in both hemispheres , crowding most specialised visuo-spatial ability .

Two interdependent functions are necessary — ; expansion of social equality/liberty and restructuring/democratising of state institutions .
two interdependent [purposes] are necessary — ; expansion of social equality/liberty and restructuring/democratising of state institutions .

On the production side all functions have been streamlined , each with a specific remit .
on the production side all [purposes] have been streamlined , each with a specific remit .

Planning and Control are now established as separate functions , each with their own office situated within the factory .
planning and control are now established as separate [purposes] , each with their own office situated within the factory .

Anyway , there are some functions here we want to attend .
anyway , there are some [purposes] here we want to attend .

Doubts have been raised both on ethical and scientific grounds . Is it ethical for man to interfere with the genetic constitution and physiological functions of living organisms , especially of man and the higher animals , in order to make them perform in a different way ? Should man interfere with natural processes , and could it cause suffering ?
doubts have been raised both on ethical and scientific grounds . is it ethical for man to interfere with the genetic constitution and physiological [purposes] of living organisms , especially of man and the higher animals , in order to make them perform in a different way ? should man interfere with natural processes , and could it cause suffering ?

Biotechnology is defined as the process of developing or applying functions of living organisms or living systems to the production of goods and services of value to mankind .
biotechnology is defined as the process of developing or applying [purposes] of living organisms or living systems to the production of goods and services of value to mankind .

In each of the three houses of Parliament there is a Ministers ' Council , each chamber having separate responsibility for the affairs of the population group it represents ( including housing , social welfare , health , education ) , while joint parliamentary responsibility is taken for `` general `` or national affairs ( including foreign policy , defence , finance , law and order ) , each of these functions at national level being reflected in a portfolio in the Cabinet itself .
in each of the three houses of parliament there is a ministers ' council , each chamber having separate responsibility for the affairs of the population group it represents ( including housing , social welfare , health , education ) , while joint parliamentary responsibility is taken for `` general `` or national affairs ( including foreign policy , defence , finance , law and order ) , each of these [purposes] at national level being reflected in a portfolio in the cabinet itself .

Spain is divided into 17 autonomous regions , each with its own elected legislative assembly , a Governing Council with executive and administrative functions , and a regional President of the Government ( Prime Minister ) elected by the assembly from its members .
spain is divided into 17 autonomous regions , each with its own elected legislative assembly , a governing council with executive and administrative [purposes] , and a regional president of the government ( prime minister ) elected by the assembly from its members .

Under a new Constitution approved in a national referendum on Sept. 30 , 1987 [ see p. 35758 ] , ultimate authority now rests in theory with a 51-member National Assembly , elected for a five-year term ; executive authority rests with the President , elected by the National Assembly ( currently Ramsewak Shankar who , elected on Jan. 12 , 1988 , took office on Jan. 25 — see p. 35759 ) , as head of state , head of government , head of the armed forces , and Chair of the Council of State ( the successor of the Supreme Council ) and of the Security Council ( which was to assume all government functions in the event of `` war , state of siege or exceptional circumstances to be determined by law `` ) .
under a new constitution approved in a national referendum on sept. 30 , 1987 [ see p. 35758 ] , ultimate authority now rests in theory with a 51-member national assembly , elected for a five-year term ; executive authority rests with the president , elected by the national assembly ( currently ramsewak shankar who , elected on jan. 12 , 1988 , took office on jan. 25 — see p. 35759 ) , as head of state , head of government , head of the armed forces , and chair of the council of state ( the successor of the supreme council ) and of the security council ( which was to assume all government [purposes] in the event of `` war , state of siege or exceptional circumstances to be determined by law `` ) .

The head of state is the President of the Republic ( currently Konstantinos Karamanlis , who has largely ceremonial functions and is elected by Parliament for a five-year term .
the head of state is the president of the republic ( currently konstantinos karamanlis , who has largely ceremonial [purposes] and is elected by parliament for a five-year term .

The law also laid down `` new principles for forming the power structure `` of local authorities , specifying that only those functions which could not be performed by the lower tiers of government should be delegated to higher bodies .
the law also laid down `` new principles for forming the power structure `` of local authorities , specifying that only those [purposes] which could not be performed by the lower tiers of government should be delegated to higher bodies .

Such a solution was found by the government by invoking , with the King 's agreement , a clause in the Constitution dealing with the sovereign 's `` incapacity to reign `` which empowered parliament to suspend the sovereign and execute his functions .
such a solution was found by the government by invoking , with the king 's agreement , a clause in the constitution dealing with the sovereign 's `` incapacity to reign `` which empowered parliament to suspend the sovereign and execute his [purposes] .

Capital : Dar es Salaam ( administrative functions are being transferred to Dodoma ) .
capital : dar es salaam ( administrative [purposes] are being transferred to dodoma ) .

Rafsanjani announced on Sept. 2 that he was resigning from his post of acting Armed Forces Commander-in-Chief as he was now too busy with his presidential functions .
rafsanjani announced on sept. 2 that he was resigning from his post of acting armed forces commander-in-chief as he was now too busy with his presidential [purposes] .

There is also a Council of State , nominated by the monarch and comprising 21 members , which acts as the supreme administrative tribunal and has some legislative functions .
there is also a council of state , nominated by the monarch and comprising 21 members , which acts as the supreme administrative tribunal and has some legislative [purposes] .

The President 's functions are primarily ceremonial but include the appointment of the Federal Chancellor ( Bundeskanzler or head of government , currently Franz Vranitzky ) and , at the Chancellor 's recommendation , the other members of the government .
the president 's [purposes] are primarily ceremonial but include the appointment of the federal chancellor ( bundeskanzler or head of government , currently franz vranitzky ) and , at the chancellor 's recommendation , the other members of the government .

The Foreign Ministry announced on April 19 , 1989 , that the Soviet press agency Novosti would be allowed to reopen its office in Berne on condition that its activities were within the normal range of a news agency 's functions .
the foreign ministry announced on april 19 , 1989 , that the soviet press agency novosti would be allowed to reopen its office in berne on condition that its activities were within the normal range of a news agency 's [purposes] .

The President would exercise the functions of government with the assistance of a Council of Ministers headed by a Prime Minister .
the president would exercise the [purposes] of government with the assistance of a council of ministers headed by a prime minister .

After his election President Ochirbat spoke in favour of separating party and state functions and of integration into world economic structures . ``
after his election president ochirbat spoke in favour of separating party and state [purposes] and of integration into world economic structures . ``

Agreement on reduction of functions
agreement on reduction of [purposes]

In order for work on ritual to become really educational , it would be necessary to share with pupils what the functions of ritual are .
in order for work on ritual to become really educational , it would be necessary to share with pupils what the [purposes] of ritual are .

It is most often used in whole group work , but it is also very productive in forum theatre , particularly if the role you take on functions as an obstacle which the class ( or representatives of the class ) have to find their way round by argument , persuasion and compromise .
it is most often used in whole group work , but it is also very productive in forum theatre , particularly if the role you take on [purposes] as an obstacle which the class ( or representatives of the class ) have to find their way round by argument , persuasion and compromise .

Possible functions of a role :
possible [purposes] of a role :

Working in this way , setting up a whole group which functions as a community , frequently leads drama teachers towards work which is set either in villages or small towns or on islands .
working in this way , setting up a whole group which [purposes] as a community , frequently leads drama teachers towards work which is set either in villages or small towns or on islands .

Taken together these points have been thought to indicate a steady take-over of secular functions by the Merovingian episcopate , and thus to presage the emergence of a group of effectively independent episcopal states by the early eighth century , of which that of Savaric of Auxerre is the best documented .
taken together these points have been thought to indicate a steady take-over of secular [purposes] by the merovingian episcopate , and thus to presage the emergence of a group of effectively independent episcopal states by the early eighth century , of which that of savaric of auxerre is the best documented .

One of the chief functions of an early medieval king was the enforcement of justice .
one of the chief [purposes] of an early medieval king was the enforcement of justice .

He was still supplemented by special ambassadors sent for short periods for particular purposes , though their functions became more and more purely formal .
he was still supplemented by special ambassadors sent for short periods for particular purposes , though their [purposes] became more and more purely formal .

That nineteenth-century diplomatic services should have remained small and unambitious , confined until late in the century to traditional functions and with no desire to expand their horizons or the scope of their activities , is not surprising .
that nineteenth-century diplomatic services should have remained small and unambitious , confined until late in the century to traditional [purposes] and with no desire to expand their horizons or the scope of their activities , is not surprising .

Thus the French foreign ministry , which had in 1814 some seventy employees with functions directly related to foreign policy ( i.e .
thus the french foreign ministry , which had in 1814 some seventy employees with [purposes] directly related to foreign policy ( i.e .

An opposition between active and contemplative life is fostered by the fact that not all people feel able to pursue the discipline of contemplative life — some are notably more suited to the necessary functions of active life .
an opposition between active and contemplative life is fostered by the fact that not all people feel able to pursue the discipline of contemplative life — some are notably more suited to the necessary [purposes] of active life .

Chaucer 's art of ambiguity in presenting his Canterbury pilgrims balances the levels at which they are bonded by the literal and figurative goals of their journey and stereotyped by their social functions , with an awareness of an individual reality which can not be adequately contained by either .
chaucer 's art of ambiguity in presenting his canterbury pilgrims balances the levels at which they are bonded by the literal and figurative goals of their journey and stereotyped by their social [purposes] , with an awareness of an individual reality which can not be adequately contained by either .

In the short text the account of the Crucifixion and the meditator 's awareness of his own sin come to a climax in an outpouring of lyrical prose which has been printed as verse though it seems more effective if the surge of the rhymes and the alliterative cadences rise within the very structure of the prose like great waves to break in the bitter realisation that it is the meditator 's sin which both nails Christ to the cross and blocks the free expression of love in himself : All the internal rhyme , play on words ( ) and alliteration , which intensify the sense of the meditator 's awareness of both the creative power of God `` king of `` and the impotence of all his own functions , are lost in the long version which omits much of the intense self-disgust present in the short : The emphasis on Christ as the source of life and creativity is similarly highlighted in the short version in the skilful use made of rhyme , cadence and monosyllabic , strong-stressed ends of sentences to graphically convey the moment when he dies and the created cosmos fails : These effects are lost in the prosaic longer version : In both versions the meditator contemplates the appalling inversion of the created order with its lord suffering greater deprivation than the foxes and birds as he hangs `` in eyre `` ( 88. cf.101 ) with nowhere to lay his head — a reference to Matthew 8:20 traditionally used to emphasise the poverty of God embraced at the Incarnation .
in the short text the account of the crucifixion and the meditator 's awareness of his own sin come to a climax in an outpouring of lyrical prose which has been printed as verse though it seems more effective if the surge of the rhymes and the alliterative cadences rise within the very structure of the prose like great waves to break in the bitter realisation that it is the meditator 's sin which both nails christ to the cross and blocks the free expression of love in himself : all the internal rhyme , play on words ( ) and alliteration , which intensify the sense of the meditator 's awareness of both the creative power of god `` king of `` and the impotence of all his own [purposes] , are lost in the long version which omits much of the intense self-disgust present in the short : the emphasis on christ as the source of life and creativity is similarly highlighted in the short version in the skilful use made of rhyme , cadence and monosyllabic , strong-stressed ends of sentences to graphically convey the moment when he dies and the created cosmos fails : these effects are lost in the prosaic longer version : in both versions the meditator contemplates the appalling inversion of the created order with its lord suffering greater deprivation than the foxes and birds as he hangs `` in eyre `` ( 88. cf.101 ) with nowhere to lay his head — a reference to matthew 8:20 traditionally used to emphasise the poverty of god embraced at the incarnation .

Company secretarial department ( St Albans and Stoke offices ) have performed these functions in the past .
company secretarial department ( st albans and stoke offices ) have performed these [purposes] in the past .

Thirdly , and in like fashion building upon the first two functions there will be produced a series of indexes which will measure performance of the agricultural sector in the period 1850-1914 , to include the calculation of the output of agriculture and its contribution to the national economy
thirdly , and in like fashion building upon the first two [purposes] there will be produced a series of indexes which will measure performance of the agricultural sector in the period 1850-1914 , to include the calculation of the output of agriculture and its contribution to the national economy

Scottish cities , then as well as now , had very different social structures and economic functions one from another .
scottish cities , then as well as now , had very different social structures and economic [purposes] one from another .

The second aim is to identify similarities and differences between the knowledge representations of managers with different management functions and experience , and also the differences between managers and consumers .
the second aim is to identify similarities and differences between the knowledge representations of managers with different management [purposes] and experience , and also the differences between managers and consumers .

The research concerns one central question : how far do personnel functions , and the assumptions about the employment relation underlying them , affect firms ' capacity to innovate .
the research concerns one central question : how far do personnel [purposes] , and the assumptions about the employment relation underlying them , affect firms ' capacity to innovate .

The aim is to discover , for example by estimating ‘ reaction functions ’ what were the economic indicators to which policymakers in fact responded .
the aim is to discover , for example by estimating ‘ reaction [purposes] ’ what were the economic indicators to which policymakers in fact responded .

Cost functions in grocery retailing
cost [purposes] in grocery retailing

Economic analysis of the general principles which should underlie the division of functions between the European Community and member state governments places considerable emphasis on the role of'spillovers ' or ‘ externalities ’ arising from the policy decisions of member states .
economic analysis of the general principles which should underlie the division of [purposes] between the european community and member state governments places considerable emphasis on the role of'spillovers ' or ‘ externalities ’ arising from the policy decisions of member states .

Advantages of such an approach would be that reaction functions for policy are obtained in feedback format , that due attention is paid to dynamics and that explicit specification of a welfare criterion is avoided .
advantages of such an approach would be that reaction [purposes] for policy are obtained in feedback format , that due attention is paid to dynamics and that explicit specification of a welfare criterion is avoided .

Most new firms duplicate existing production functions and orientate towards existing markets .
most new firms duplicate existing production [purposes] and orientate towards existing markets .

The social and economic functions of the countryside are undergoing marked change , in response both to significant shifts in agricultural , environmental and planning policies and to increasing demands placed on rural land .
the social and economic [purposes] of the countryside are undergoing marked change , in response both to significant shifts in agricultural , environmental and planning policies and to increasing demands placed on rural land .

The research programme will focus on the question of land development broadly defined to encompass , for example , a switch towards less intensive farming , the planting of amenity woodland and the residential and industrial development of rural land . What are the patterns of capital investment in the countryside and how do they affect property rights and changes in the use of rural land ? What are the consequences for rural communities ? And what sorts of policy changes are required in order to balance the production , ecological and amenity functions of the countryside ?
the research programme will focus on the question of land development broadly defined to encompass , for example , a switch towards less intensive farming , the planting of amenity woodland and the residential and industrial development of rural land . what are the patterns of capital investment in the countryside and how do they affect property rights and changes in the use of rural land ? what are the consequences for rural communities ? and what sorts of policy changes are required in order to balance the production , ecological and amenity [purposes] of the countryside ?

3 . Consumption functions
3 . consumption [purposes]

In the twenty-five years since Tanzania gained political independence , Swahili has gradually taken over some of the functions formerly performed by English , particularly in some areas of education , the media and internal government communication .
in the twenty-five years since tanzania gained political independence , swahili has gradually taken over some of the [purposes] formerly performed by english , particularly in some areas of education , the media and internal government communication .

Street life is therefore seen as potentially a meaningful cultural or social phenomenon which performs important functions for participants , and a phenomenon capable also of variation between different social and ethnic groups .
street life is therefore seen as potentially a meaningful cultural or social phenomenon which performs important [purposes] for participants , and a phenomenon capable also of variation between different social and ethnic groups .

The object of establishing the Centre is the development of research which can be used to measure and evaluate the functions of social work , which is one of the major areas of local government activity in Scotland .
the object of establishing the centre is the development of research which can be used to measure and evaluate the [purposes] of social work , which is one of the major areas of local government activity in scotland .

One of the main functions of the English and Scottish Law Commissions under the Law Commission 's Act 1965 is ‘ to take and keep under review all the law with which they are respectively concerned with a view to its systematic development and reform , including in particular the codification of such law … ’
one of the main [purposes] of the english and scottish law commissions under the law commission 's act 1965 is ‘ to take and keep under review all the law with which they are respectively concerned with a view to its systematic development and reform , including in particular the codification of such law … ’

New computer-based technologies are widely predicted to have fundamental implications for the role of engineering draughtsmen and engineering designers , and the relationship of the design activity to other organisational functions .
new computer-based technologies are widely predicted to have fundamental implications for the role of engineering draughtsmen and engineering designers , and the relationship of the design activity to other organisational [purposes] .

On the supply side it is proposed to analyse four major character-istics of the firm : the quality of the main types of factors of production used with a particular emphasis upon managerial staff and skilled personnel ; the costs of production of specific products and the techniques of manufacturing ; managerial strategies and functions ; and the financial strategy of the firm .
on the supply side it is proposed to analyse four major character-istics of the firm : the quality of the main types of factors of production used with a particular emphasis upon managerial staff and skilled personnel ; the costs of production of specific products and the techniques of manufacturing ; managerial strategies and [purposes] ; and the financial strategy of the firm .

Others regarded it as a measured response to the Dublin government 's paper proposing ‘ new institutions ’ to satisfy the nationalist aspiration and provide ‘ executive functions for the development of practical north-south co-operation and co-ordination in all areas of mutual benefit .
others regarded it as a measured response to the dublin government 's paper proposing ‘ new institutions ’ to satisfy the nationalist aspiration and provide ‘ executive [purposes] for the development of practical north-south co-operation and co-ordination in all areas of mutual benefit .

This multidisciplinary research programme has been developed in response to the growing emphasis on management in British Central Government , with its concern for the more effective performance of functions and the more efficient use of resources .
this multidisciplinary research programme has been developed in response to the growing emphasis on management in british central government , with its concern for the more effective performance of [purposes] and the more efficient use of resources .

The research analyses the development of political and legal views in the Soviet Union about the nature and functions of neutrality , neutralism and non-alignment , and assesses the impact of these views on the conduct of Soviet foreign policy .
the research analyses the development of political and legal views in the soviet union about the nature and [purposes] of neutrality , neutralism and non-alignment , and assesses the impact of these views on the conduct of soviet foreign policy .

‘ ( a ) no evidence shall be admissible in any proceedings before a judicial authority exercising its jurisdiction or functions in Great Britain to prove that any such person has committed … any offence which was the subject of a spent conviction ; and ’ ( b ) a person shall not , in any such proceedings , be asked , and , if asked , shall not be required to answer , any question relating to his past that can not be answered without acknowledging or referring to a spent conviction or spent convictions or any circumstances thereto ; … ’
‘ ( a ) no evidence shall be admissible in any proceedings before a judicial authority exercising its jurisdiction or [purposes] in great britain to prove that any such person has committed … any offence which was the subject of a spent conviction ; and ’ ( b ) a person shall not , in any such proceedings , be asked , and , if asked , shall not be required to answer , any question relating to his past that can not be answered without acknowledging or referring to a spent conviction or spent convictions or any circumstances thereto ; … ’

If a child has been made the subject of a supervision requirement following a referral to a children 's hearing on an offence ground , and that supervision requirement has been terminated and the child reappears before another children 's hearing , the main factors that the later hearing will need to consider to perform their statutory functions are why the child appeared before a children 's hearing , the reasons for that hearing 's disposal and , most particularly , the child 's response to the disposal ; in short , a children 's hearing would want to know the very things section 4 appears to prevent it ascertaining .
if a child has been made the subject of a supervision requirement following a referral to a children 's hearing on an offence ground , and that supervision requirement has been terminated and the child reappears before another children 's hearing , the main factors that the later hearing will need to consider to perform their statutory [purposes] are why the child appeared before a children 's hearing , the reasons for that hearing 's disposal and , most particularly , the child 's response to the disposal ; in short , a children 's hearing would want to know the very things section 4 appears to prevent it ascertaining .

In the role of opposition to an order promoted by someone else , the functions of the parliamentary agent are as follows .
in the role of opposition to an order promoted by someone else , the [purposes] of the parliamentary agent are as follows .

‘ There shall be transferred to and vested in the Keeper of the Registers of Scotland the whole functions of the Keeper of the Registers and Records of Scotland with regard to the framing of the General Register of Sasines , the Register of Hornings , the Register of Inhibitions and Adjudications , the Register of Entails and the Register of Deeds , together with the powers and duties transferred to the said Keeper from the Director of Chancery under section seven of the Reorganisation of Offices ( Scotland ) Act , 1928 . ’ Subsection 3 of that section states :
‘ there shall be transferred to and vested in the keeper of the registers of scotland the whole [purposes] of the keeper of the registers and records of scotland with regard to the framing of the general register of sasines , the register of hornings , the register of inhibitions and adjudications , the register of entails and the register of deeds , together with the powers and duties transferred to the said keeper from the director of chancery under section seven of the reorganisation of offices ( scotland ) act , 1928 . ’ subsection 3 of that section states :

‘ There shall be transferred to and vested in the Keeper of the Records of Scotland , the whole functions of the Keeper of the Registers and Records of Scotland with regard to the preservation of the public registers , records and rolls of Scotland . ’
‘ there shall be transferred to and vested in the keeper of the records of scotland , the whole [purposes] of the keeper of the registers and records of scotland with regard to the preservation of the public registers , records and rolls of scotland . ’

Mr Hanley said the Department agreed to set up a top management support group , a separate policy planning group and to group finance and personnel functions into a single division following the probe .
mr hanley said the department agreed to set up a top management support group , a separate policy planning group and to group finance and personnel [purposes] into a single division following the probe .

Local Area Networks ( LANs ) of PCs to carry out group-specific tasks , such as scientific computing , administrative functions , library activities .
local area networks ( lans ) of pcs to carry out group-specific tasks , such as scientific computing , administrative [purposes] , library activities .

Telephone system still requires documentation , and some functions still to be added or re-instated .
telephone system still requires documentation , and some [purposes] still to be added or re-instated .

The efficient two-way transfer of information between ourselves and external systems can be seen to underpin all of our scientific activities , most of our public information functions , and a great deal of our internal records management .
the efficient two-way transfer of information between ourselves and external systems can be seen to underpin all of our scientific activities , most of our public information [purposes] , and a great deal of our internal records management .

This index is thus multi-functional , combining current awareness with archival enquiry-answering functions .
this index is thus multi-functional , combining current awareness with archival enquiry-answering [purposes] .

The installation of the Library 's computer package means that all cataloguing functions are carried out on-line .
the installation of the library 's computer package means that all cataloguing [purposes] are carried out on-line .

Objective a ) requires the provision of information resources to underpin the research effort , and implicitly provides for our function as a publisher ; b ) explicitly mentions the library and the archive collection ; c ) implies the efficient curation of information , and the granting of access to the resources ; d ) specifies our enquiry , consultancy and educational functions , all of which have a high information content ; e ) demands the use of expertise and data for the provision of specialist services , and f ) relates to our public amenity function , and sets out the purposes for which access to the amenity is provided .
objective a ) requires the provision of information resources to underpin the research effort , and implicitly provides for our function as a publisher ; b ) explicitly mentions the library and the archive collection ; c ) implies the efficient curation of information , and the granting of access to the resources ; d ) specifies our enquiry , consultancy and educational [purposes] , all of which have a high information content ; e ) demands the use of expertise and data for the provision of specialist services , and f ) relates to our public amenity function , and sets out the purposes for which access to the amenity is provided .

The present set of slides has several different functions .
the present set of slides has several different [purposes] .

These higher-level functions are not , it is suggested , currently receiving all of the necessary information .
these higher-level [purposes] are not , it is suggested , currently receiving all of the necessary information .

It may be possible to combine these functions by re-editing material for the sell-through market and using the same company , thus making the whole exercise more cost-effective .
it may be possible to combine these [purposes] by re-editing material for the sell-through market and using the same company , thus making the whole exercise more cost-effective .

Some curatorial functions , such as expenditure on slide mounts , are clearly the province of Photographic Dept , while others , such as the database as catalogue , are Library-oriented .
some curatorial [purposes] , such as expenditure on slide mounts , are clearly the province of photographic dept , while others , such as the database as catalogue , are library-oriented .

More effective discharge of operational functions and higher quality of service to the public
more effective discharge of operational [purposes] and higher quality of service to the public

Another factor is the rapid development of integrated circuit technology , which has made available a wide range of circuit functions at attractive prices , so that it is even realistic to assess the potential advantages of microprocessor.based control .
another factor is the rapid development of integrated circuit technology , which has made available a wide range of circuit [purposes] at attractive prices , so that it is even realistic to assess the potential advantages of microprocessor.based control .

the acceleration/deceleration velocity profiles are approximated by linear ramp functions .
the acceleration/deceleration velocity profiles are approximated by linear ramp [purposes] .

Motorola 6800 , Intel 8080 ) have instruction cycle times of 1 — 2 us and therefore a software.based closed.loop control would be limited to 25–50 instructions per motor step at high speeds , which would restrict control to simple functions , such as step timing , step counting and phase sequencing .
motorola 6800 , intel 8080 ) have instruction cycle times of 1 — 2 us and therefore a software.based closed.loop control would be limited to 25–50 instructions per motor step at high speeds , which would restrict control to simple [purposes] , such as step timing , step counting and phase sequencing .

The advantage of this system is its simplicity ; a very limited number of control functions are required and the software or hardware option is available for each function .
the advantage of this system is its simplicity ; a very limited number of control [purposes] are required and the software or hardware option is available for each function .

In this simple approach to open.loop control there are three basic control functions : ( a ) stepping rate : sets the motor speed , which must be less than the start/stop rate , ( h ) phase sequencing : ensures that the motor phases are excited in the order corresponding to the required direction of rotation , ( c ) step counting : records the number of steps taken by the motor and inhibits the step commands when the target position is attained .
in this simple approach to open.loop control there are three basic control [purposes] : ( a ) stepping rate : sets the motor speed , which must be less than the start/stop rate , ( h ) phase sequencing : ensures that the motor phases are excited in the order corresponding to the required direction of rotation , ( c ) step counting : records the number of steps taken by the motor and inhibits the step commands when the target position is attained .

Each of these control functions can be implemented with software or hardware and a complete stepping motor controller may use any combination of the software or hardware alternatives .
each of these control [purposes] can be implemented with software or hardware and a complete stepping motor controller may use any combination of the software or hardware alternatives .

8.1 ) and all three control functions are performed by the microprocessor program .
8.1 ) and all three control [purposes] are performed by the microprocessor program .

8.5 ) all three basic control functions are performed by hardware .
8.5 ) all three basic control [purposes] are performed by hardware .

Unfortunately this latter function is very difficult to generate using simple analogue circuits , So it has become common practice to approximate the velocity profile by linear ramp functions [ Figs .
unfortunately this latter function is very difficult to generate using simple analogue circuits , so it has become common practice to approximate the velocity profile by linear ramp [purposes] [ figs .

In a closed-loop stepping motor System there are live basic control functions : ( a ) Step count : records the number of Steps executed , ( b ) phase Sequence : excites the motor phases in the Sequence appropriate to the direction of rotation , ( c ) position detection : produces a signal pulse as each Step is completed , ( d ) ignition advance : varies the Switching angle with motor speed , ( e ) deceleration initiation : detects the proximity of the target position and signals the phase sequence generator .
in a closed-loop stepping motor system there are live basic control [purposes] : ( a ) step count : records the number of steps executed , ( b ) phase sequence : excites the motor phases in the sequence appropriate to the direction of rotation , ( c ) position detection : produces a signal pulse as each step is completed , ( d ) ignition advance : varies the switching angle with motor speed , ( e ) deceleration initiation : detects the proximity of the target position and signals the phase sequence generator .

The first two control functions step count and phase Sequence — are common to open.loop systems and , as we have already Seen , may be implemented with software or hardware .
the first two control [purposes] step count and phase sequence — are common to open.loop systems and , as we have already seen , may be implemented with software or hardware .

Microprocessor technology can be usefully employed for the final two control functions — ignition advance and deceleration initiation so these topics are discussed separately in the following sub-sections .
microprocessor technology can be usefully employed for the final two control [purposes] — ignition advance and deceleration initiation so these topics are discussed separately in the following sub-sections .

In so far as the functions performed by Molla Edebali and Tursun Fakih , apparently successively , may be characterized as an `` office `` from an Institutional point of view , as it were it seems not to have been continuous , however , at least on the evidence of the biographical sources .
in so far as the [purposes] performed by molla edebali and tursun fakih , apparently successively , may be characterized as an `` office `` from an institutional point of view , as it were it seems not to have been continuous , however , at least on the evidence of the biographical sources .

Once a micro computer is connected into a shared data base , it becomes an intelligent terminal , capable of carrying out some functions , such as data entry standalone , but thereafter used to interrogate the shared information , alongside conventional visual displays .
once a micro computer is connected into a shared data base , it becomes an intelligent terminal , capable of carrying out some [purposes] , such as data entry standalone , but thereafter used to interrogate the shared information , alongside conventional visual displays .

Arithmetic functions were used to add , subtract , divide , multiply , find standard deviations , mean squares , variance and select the highest and lowest values .
arithmetic [purposes] were used to add , subtract , divide , multiply , find standard deviations , mean squares , variance and select the highest and lowest values .

The system can be stretched by adding additional functions later , such as the job identification program .
the system can be stretched by adding additional [purposes] later , such as the job identification program .

Probably the most radical of the recommendations of the Steering Committee was to propose a complete integration of the payroll and personnel functions within the organisation .
probably the most radical of the recommendations of the steering committee was to propose a complete integration of the payroll and personnel [purposes] within the organisation .

The languages define higher level functions and operations .
the languages define higher level [purposes] and operations .

While it would be possible to restrict the use of some of these functions to particular staff , all are within the comprehension of the first time user .
while it would be possible to restrict the use of some of these [purposes] to particular staff , all are within the comprehension of the first time user .

Where Eva went she often followed , to outings , functions , Shakespearean plays .
where eva went she often followed , to outings , [purposes] , shakespearean plays .

She now lived permanently at Deer Forest , family home of the Forester family , fulfilling many useful functions in the household ; nothing came amiss to her .
she now lived permanently at deer forest , family home of the forester family , fulfilling many useful [purposes] in the household ; nothing came amiss to her .

These defences seldom attempted to enclose the total area of occupation , partly because of its pre-existing shape and extent , and partly because the defences were designed to perform a variety of different functions , many of which fell in the official sphere .
these defences seldom attempted to enclose the total area of occupation , partly because of its pre-existing shape and extent , and partly because the defences were designed to perform a variety of different [purposes] , many of which fell in the official sphere .

As already indicated , there were sometimes special functions which at first aided the foundation , and later the survival , of certain small towns .
as already indicated , there were sometimes special [purposes] which at first aided the foundation , and later the survival , of certain small towns .

But the existence of these functions does not mean that the towns depended on them exclusively and it did not prevent them from acquiring others from the normal expected range .
but the existence of these [purposes] does not mean that the towns depended on them exclusively and it did not prevent them from acquiring others from the normal expected range .

Chief among these special functions was a governmental or administrative duty at either local or provincial level or possibly both .
chief among these special [purposes] was a governmental or administrative duty at either local or provincial level or possibly both .

But this instance apart , there were presumably some official functions which the sites in this category possessed and which were physically concentrated within the defences and probably unrelated to local needs .
but this instance apart , there were presumably some official [purposes] which the sites in this category possessed and which were physically concentrated within the defences and probably unrelated to local needs .

Extrapolating from this , it is probably right to assume that these functions also
extrapolating from this , it is probably right to assume that these [purposes] also

Not all small towns possessed governmental or administrative functions and even those which did more often than not combined them with others .
not all small towns possessed governmental or administrative [purposes] and even those which did more often than not combined them with others .

Two other specialized functions , those of religion and industry , stand out from the mass and not surprisingly numerous settlements throughout the empire can be shown to have developed around important sanctuaries or centres of manufacturing and extraction .
two other specialized [purposes] , those of religion and industry , stand out from the mass and not surprisingly numerous settlements throughout the empire can be shown to have developed around important sanctuaries or centres of manufacturing and extraction .

Of all the functions which can be attributed to ancient urban settlements , the most universal was an economic one .
of all the [purposes] which can be attributed to ancient urban settlements , the most universal was an economic one .

In most cases the development of these functions would have gone hand in hand with the growth of the settlement and would have been directly related to the increasing dependence of the surrounding hinterland on the goods and services which it could provide .
in most cases the development of these [purposes] would have gone hand in hand with the growth of the settlement and would have been directly related to the increasing dependence of the surrounding hinterland on the goods and services which it could provide .

In some cases a pre-existing centre , which already possessed an economic role , will have been incorporated into the new system and perhaps attracted other functions as well .
in some cases a pre-existing centre , which already possessed an economic role , will have been incorporated into the new system and perhaps attracted other [purposes] as well .

Then , surprisingly , this activity was superseded by buildings of very different , non-industrial , functions , including , from north to south , a circular structure replaced in the late third or early fourth century by an aisled barn , a rectangular shed later embellished with a portico and an internal apse , and two further circular buildings ; opposite the latter to the west was a fourth-century mausoleum .
then , surprisingly , this activity was superseded by buildings of very different , non-industrial , [purposes] , including , from north to south , a circular structure replaced in the late third or early fourth century by an aisled barn , a rectangular shed later embellished with a portico and an internal apse , and two further circular buildings ; opposite the latter to the west was a fourth-century mausoleum .

Identifying their functions is difficult without excavation , suggestions including a mansio complex and a centre for the administration of the Fens respectively .
identifying their [purposes] is difficult without excavation , suggestions including a mansio complex and a centre for the administration of the fens respectively .

Since 1945 , the traditional functions of Parliament had expanded rapidly and had become more technical and complex .
since 1945 , the traditional [purposes] of parliament had expanded rapidly and had become more technical and complex .

Its functions can be divided into those which are required by its role as banker to the government and those which it performs as banker to the banks .
its [purposes] can be divided into those which are required by its role as banker to the government and those which it performs as banker to the banks .

The institutions of this sector fulfil a number of specialist functions .
the institutions of this sector fulfil a number of specialist [purposes] .

The functions of the discount houses may be summarized as follows :
the [purposes] of the discount houses may be summarized as follows :

Although these functions have remained essentially unchanged since the early 1970s , there have been a number of changes in the way they have been carried out , which are best examined by looking at the balance sheet of the discount market ( Table 17.8 ) :
although these [purposes] have remained essentially unchanged since the early 1970s , there have been a number of changes in the way they have been carried out , which are best examined by looking at the balance sheet of the discount market ( table 17.8 ) :

Restrictive rules maintained the separation of these functions and limited Stock Exchange membership and the inflow of capital into existing firms .
restrictive rules maintained the separation of these [purposes] and limited stock exchange membership and the inflow of capital into existing firms .

It has provisions which establish a Consumer Protection Advisory Committee and which give to it , to the Director and to the Secretary of State , certain functions in relation to consumer affairs .
it has provisions which establish a consumer protection advisory committee and which give to it , to the director and to the secretary of state , certain [purposes] in relation to consumer affairs .

the functions for which the authority is responsible
the [purposes] for which the authority is responsible

County Councils , London Borough Councils and Metropolitan District Councils have the broadest range of functions , serve the largest populations and will therefore have the larger legal departments .
county councils , london borough councils and metropolitan district councils have the broadest range of [purposes] , serve the largest populations and will therefore have the larger legal departments .

Traditional English law imposes particularly strict duties — fiduciary duties — on people carrying out certain functions e.g .
traditional english law imposes particularly strict duties — fiduciary duties — on people carrying out certain [purposes] e.g .

This is because the exercise of these functions makes others dependent on their good faith and conscientiousness , and particularly vulnerable to exploitation by them .
this is because the exercise of these [purposes] makes others dependent on their good faith and conscientiousness , and particularly vulnerable to exploitation by them .

The section gives wide powers for the Council to arrange for its functions to be discharged by committees , sub-committees and individuals [ whether members of the Law Society staff or not ] .
the section gives wide powers for the council to arrange for its [purposes] to be discharged by committees , sub-committees and individuals [ whether members of the law society staff or not ] .

More than 70 pen functions are supported allowing application developers to create exciting new pen applications .
more than 70 pen [purposes] are supported allowing application developers to create exciting new pen applications .

There are many functions that are common to 99 % of all spreadsheet applications , in much the same sort of way that a word processor has to have certain abilities .
there are many [purposes] that are common to 99 % of all spreadsheet applications , in much the same sort of way that a word processor has to have certain abilities .

After a comprehensive introduction to the basics of Excel such as how to start the program , move around the worksheet and use the pull down menus the reader is gently introduced to more advanced functions .
after a comprehensive introduction to the basics of excel such as how to start the program , move around the worksheet and use the pull down menus the reader is gently introduced to more advanced [purposes] .

The computer keyboard also has a Delete key to delete letters in front of the cursor , a Backspace key to delete letters behind the cursor , a set of Cursor Movement keys that move the cursor up or down one line or side to side one space , a set of Function keys that perform preset functions with a single keypress and an Escape key that is normally used to reverse or undo the last action .
the computer keyboard also has a delete key to delete letters in front of the cursor , a backspace key to delete letters behind the cursor , a set of cursor movement keys that move the cursor up or down one line or side to side one space , a set of function keys that perform preset [purposes] with a single keypress and an escape key that is normally used to reverse or undo the last action .

Version 3.3 of MegaCAD has many improvements over earlier versions , in particular a new graphical user interface and a ‘ user menu ’ which can call up MagaCAD functions and third-party software .
version 3.3 of megacad has many improvements over earlier versions , in particular a new graphical user interface and a ‘ user menu ’ which can call up magacad [purposes] and third-party software .

When the mouse cursor enters this menu bar the main menu is displayed which controls the 19 primary functions of MegaCAD .
when the mouse cursor enters this menu bar the main menu is displayed which controls the 19 primary [purposes] of megacad .

Opening the control icon gives you a series of cascading menus , which you can easily alter to show programs and functions you might want to perform .
opening the control icon gives you a series of cascading menus , which you can easily alter to show programs and [purposes] you might want to perform .

The idea of tailoring spreadsheet functions exactly to your specific requirements is much more attractive than building a cumbersome series of macros .
the idea of tailoring spreadsheet [purposes] exactly to your specific requirements is much more attractive than building a cumbersome series of macros .

There are also some more advanced functions so that the user can achieve special effects , such as the ability to fill text with patterns , shadow , invert , outline and so on , plus a further font list .
there are also some more advanced [purposes] so that the user can achieve special effects , such as the ability to fill text with patterns , shadow , invert , outline and so on , plus a further font list .

Unfortunately however , these functions are poorly documented and it takes quite some time to discover how to use them .
unfortunately however , these [purposes] are poorly documented and it takes quite some time to discover how to use them .

Although ComputerEasy Draw is more basic than the more expensive packages , you wo n't be paying for a lot of functions that you will rarely or never use , and it 's certainly rich enough in features to make it a worthwhile investment for most everyday drawing requirements .
although computereasy draw is more basic than the more expensive packages , you wo n't be paying for a lot of [purposes] that you will rarely or never use , and it 's certainly rich enough in features to make it a worthwhile investment for most everyday drawing requirements .

As well as providing powerful editing , search and sort functions , the program offers a large variety of more advanced features .
as well as providing powerful editing , search and sort [purposes] , the program offers a large variety of more advanced features .

As well as providing powerful editing , search and sort functions , the program offers a large variety of more advanced features .
as well as providing powerful editing , search and sort [purposes] , the program offers a large variety of more advanced features .

Maths coprocessors can handle , in a few clock cycles , mathematical functions that main processors like the 386 would require several hundred software instruction cycles to perform .
maths coprocessors can handle , in a few clock cycles , mathematical [purposes] that main processors like the 386 would require several hundred software instruction cycles to perform .

Having given you a useful guide on how to actually use/read the book , there 's a quick look at the differences between Windows 3.1 and 3.0 ( and a review of Windows terms ) … and then you 're ready for what follows , which is an absolute goldmine of insights , surprises , undocumented features and functions , and , of course , ‘ secrets ’ !
having given you a useful guide on how to actually use/read the book , there 's a quick look at the differences between windows 3.1 and 3.0 ( and a review of windows terms ) … and then you 're ready for what follows , which is an absolute goldmine of insights , surprises , undocumented features and [purposes] , and , of course , ‘ secrets ’ !

The Sterling + 2 range is extremely powerful , and its accounting functions can not be faulted , from stock control right through to its reports .
the sterling + 2 range is extremely powerful , and its accounting [purposes] can not be faulted , from stock control right through to its reports .

When you 're concerned with purely accounting functions , and once you 've learned the program , it 's an absolute joy to have as a tool .
when you 're concerned with purely accounting [purposes] , and once you 've learned the program , it 's an absolute joy to have as a tool .

The spreadsheet at the heart of Symphony is not unlike 1-2-3 and it has almost as extensive range of commands and functions .
the spreadsheet at the heart of symphony is not unlike 1-2-3 and it has almost as extensive range of commands and [purposes] .

The ruler bar contains the most used functions — buttons for tab types , ellipses , justification , line spacing and so forth , as well as underlining and super/subscript and columns formats .
the ruler bar contains the most used [purposes] — buttons for tab types , ellipses , justification , line spacing and so forth , as well as underlining and super/subscript and columns formats .

But one of the most pleasant of functions is that you can select a sentence by triple clicking on a word within it .
but one of the most pleasant of [purposes] is that you can select a sentence by triple clicking on a word within it .

The two functions were therefore segregated and resulted in a substantial improvement .
the two [purposes] were therefore segregated and resulted in a substantial improvement .

He had not been to any of the social functions advertised — it would have seemed like living his life backwards to enter voluntarily a church hall full of women and cups of tea — he could see his mother at the urn and himself as a boy handing round those very cups .
he had not been to any of the social [purposes] advertised — it would have seemed like living his life backwards to enter voluntarily a church hall full of women and cups of tea — he could see his mother at the urn and himself as a boy handing round those very cups .

And what did one wear at these parish functions ?
and what did one wear at these parish [purposes] ?

In Roman art or in an 18th century Temple of Worthies ( such as the one at Stowe ) the rules of rhetoric might be invoked to argue that the bust functions as synecdoche , the head standing in for the whole physical and active domain of the body .
in roman art or in an 18th century temple of worthies ( such as the one at stowe ) the rules of rhetoric might be invoked to argue that the bust [purposes] as synecdoche , the head standing in for the whole physical and active domain of the body .

It might also be argued that it functions as metonymy , in which some element closely associated with the prime function of the whole comes to stand in for it .
it might also be argued that it [purposes] as metonymy , in which some element closely associated with the prime function of the whole comes to stand in for it .

As with the passport photograph that is used to verify the identity of the subject and which functions like the signature in official documents , this function of the face can be detected in traditional portraiture where the face on the canvas is there to represent the true likeness of the model .
as with the passport photograph that is used to verify the identity of the subject and which [purposes] like the signature in official documents , this function of the face can be detected in traditional portraiture where the face on the canvas is there to represent the true likeness of the model .

It was also decided to segregate the receptionist and the switchboard functions .
it was also decided to segregate the receptionist and the switchboard [purposes] .

This extra load would have badly affected telephone response time if the two functions had not been separated .
this extra load would have badly affected telephone response time if the two [purposes] had not been separated .

In his report , Lord Justice Woolf argues that degrading prison conditions are unjust because they contravene the immediate intentions of sentencers and the broader functions of the criminal justice system .
in his report , lord justice woolf argues that degrading prison conditions are unjust because they contravene the immediate intentions of sentencers and the broader [purposes] of the criminal justice system .

Flory and Krigbaum defined an enthalpy parameter and an entropy of dilution parameter such that the thermodynamic functions used to describe these long range effects are given in terms of the excess partial molar quantities
flory and krigbaum defined an enthalpy parameter and an entropy of dilution parameter such that the thermodynamic [purposes] used to describe these long range effects are given in terms of the excess partial molar quantities

These functions are considered in turn .
these [purposes] are considered in turn .

Company Functions
company [purposes]

The first three functions form overlapping segments of the circle representing the company as a whole .
the first three [purposes] form overlapping segments of the circle representing the company as a whole .

This is a powerful department , partly because of its responsibility for ensuring the financial health of the company but also because it controls the language and format in which the other functions draw up their expenditure plans and report progress against them .
this is a powerful department , partly because of its responsibility for ensuring the financial health of the company but also because it controls the language and format in which the other [purposes] draw up their expenditure plans and report progress against them .

In the general case manufacturing costs are high compared with those of other functions so the function has a massive influence on company productivity .
in the general case manufacturing costs are high compared with those of other [purposes] so the function has a massive influence on company productivity .

The three functions just described also have responsibilities in the field of project management .
the three [purposes] just described also have responsibilities in the field of project management .

It attempts to model operational interactions between company functions in one way that is logically sound .
it attempts to model operational interactions between company [purposes] in one way that is logically sound .

Chapters 2 through 16 introduce concepts and techniques found useful in dealing with the questions outlined above and describe some of the relevant aspects of the company functions forming the interfaces .
chapters 2 through 16 introduce concepts and techniques found useful in dealing with the questions outlined above and describe some of the relevant aspects of the company [purposes] forming the interfaces .

Strategic planning involves top management and the main company functions in the earlier stages , and departmental management in the later , as they progress from the broadest market and company considerations to the details of specific product launches .
strategic planning involves top management and the main company [purposes] in the earlier stages , and departmental management in the later , as they progress from the broadest market and company considerations to the details of specific product launches .

It involves detailed examination of commercial records and discussion with virtually all company functions that come in contact with the products and markets to be analysed .
it involves detailed examination of commercial records and discussion with virtually all company [purposes] that come in contact with the products and markets to be analysed .

Some of the company strengths and weaknesses emerging in discussion with marketing and other functions will have already acted to restrict these opportunities .
some of the company strengths and weaknesses emerging in discussion with marketing and other [purposes] will have already acted to restrict these opportunities .

This is partly done individually but the discussion and agreement stages involve meetings within the project team and between members of the team and other company functions .
this is partly done individually but the discussion and agreement stages involve meetings within the project team and between members of the team and other company [purposes] .

The nature of the meetings is illustrated in principle in Figure 1.1 , in terms of the interactions between functions .
the nature of the meetings is illustrated in principle in figure 1.1 , in terms of the interactions between [purposes] .

The three main company functions described in Chapter 1 are elements in this loop , sometimes as individuals and sometimes in collaboration .
the three main company [purposes] described in chapter 1 are elements in this loop , sometimes as individuals and sometimes in collaboration .

Each function embraces three vertical columns , the centre one on its own and the other two shared with the other functions .
each function embraces three vertical columns , the centre one on its own and the other two shared with the other [purposes] .

This calls for high levels of skill in design and production and the necessity for the two functions to co-operate to produce an optimum result .
this calls for high levels of skill in design and production and the necessity for the two [purposes] to co-operate to produce an optimum result .

Representatives of other functions such as marketing , finance , materials management , servicing and quality assurance are co-opted as required to deal with specific problems .
representatives of other [purposes] such as marketing , finance , materials management , servicing and quality assurance are co-opted as required to deal with specific problems .

Each member is encouraged to speculate on alternative methods of performing the functions at lower cost .
each member is encouraged to speculate on alternative methods of performing the [purposes] at lower cost .

The analysis of function requires concise and unambiguous definition of the functions performed by the part investigated .
the analysis of function requires concise and unambiguous definition of the [purposes] performed by the part investigated .

The functions are listed horizontally and the parts vertically .
the [purposes] are listed horizontally and the parts vertically .

The lowest row provides for identifying high-cost functions that should be given special attention .
the lowest row provides for identifying high-cost [purposes] that should be given special attention .

The costing of functions is done by estimating the proportion of the part cost that can notionally be attributed to each function to which it contributes .
the costing of [purposes] is done by estimating the proportion of the part cost that can notionally be attributed to each function to which it contributes .

The cost , including the opportunity cost , of value analysing existing products and implementing the results is significant and involves people from a wide range of company functions .
the cost , including the opportunity cost , of value analysing existing products and implementing the results is significant and involves people from a wide range of company [purposes] .

It is not possible for all the functions of the two desks to be done at one desk in reception .
it is not possible for all the [purposes] of the two desks to be done at one desk in reception .

Some functions at present done by the library desk would move out to the reception desk such as reservations and collections etc .
some [purposes] at present done by the library desk would move out to the reception desk such as reservations and collections etc .

Intake , grinding , mixing , blending , cubing and routing functions will all operate automatically to pre-programmed formulations .
intake , grinding , mixing , blending , cubing and routing [purposes] will all operate automatically to pre-programmed formulations .

was awarded her Professional Management Foundation Certificate on , for passing a series of four examinations during the year on : the corporate environment ; management processes and functions ; management information systems ; and human resource management .
was awarded her professional management foundation certificate on , for passing a series of four examinations during the year on : the corporate environment ; management processes and [purposes] ; management information systems ; and human resource management .

The main bar , Tipperary , has Irish bands most nights as well as lots of space for dancing and there are two smaller bars to which customers can retreat for a quiet drink or for private functions .
the main bar , tipperary , has irish bands most nights as well as lots of space for dancing and there are two smaller bars to which customers can retreat for a quiet drink or for private [purposes] .

Similarly , these continuing contests in the natural world were leading to areas which were specialised in their functions .
similarly , these continuing contests in the natural world were leading to areas which were specialised in their [purposes] .

They are the product of forces that are constantly at work to effect an orderly distribution of populations and functions within the urban complex .
they are the product of forces that are constantly at work to effect an orderly distribution of populations and [purposes] within the urban complex .

One half of our argument is that states ( and national states in particular ) are indeed conducting the functions outlined by Marxist and Weberian commentators : those of managing the social relations of capitalism and regulating and classifying individual citizens and their activities or moral careers .
one half of our argument is that states ( and national states in particular ) are indeed conducting the [purposes] outlined by marxist and weberian commentators : those of managing the social relations of capitalism and regulating and classifying individual citizens and their activities or moral careers .

These are the social functions of contemporary states , even if this perspective overemphasises the oppressive nature of state apparatuses .
these are the social [purposes] of contemporary states , even if this perspective overemphasises the oppressive nature of state apparatuses .

The data collection approach stresses the importance of data collection and analysis without regard to functions .
the data collection approach stresses the importance of data collection and analysis without regard to [purposes] .

The functions of the organisation should therefore be kept in mind in data analysis , even though in principle data analysis should attempt to look at the organisation independent of any processes .
the [purposes] of the organisation should therefore be kept in mind in data analysis , even though in principle data analysis should attempt to look at the organisation independent of any processes .

It has also helped in looking at the functions of the business in outline .
it has also helped in looking at the [purposes] of the business in outline .

The technique attempts to separate the data structure from the functions for which the data may be used .
the technique attempts to separate the data structure from the [purposes] for which the data may be used .

In any case , it is sometimes useful to bear in mind the functions of the data analysed .
in any case , it is sometimes useful to bear in mind the [purposes] of the data analysed .

This type of debate can only be resolved when looking at the functions in some detail .
this type of debate can only be resolved when looking at the [purposes] in some detail .

Entities participate in functions of the organisation and the attributes are those data elements that are required to support the functions .
entities participate in [purposes] of the organisation and the attributes are those data elements that are required to support the [purposes] .

They are used to ensure that the entity model will support the functions that may use the data model .
they are used to ensure that the entity model will support the [purposes] that may use the data model .

Bristol no more needed a direct link with Hamburg than Hull needed one with Ireland , while London could , as Jackson has put it , `` perform for Britain the entrepot functions which Britain was later to perform for Europe `` .
bristol no more needed a direct link with hamburg than hull needed one with ireland , while london could , as jackson has put it , `` perform for britain the entrepot [purposes] which britain was later to perform for europe `` .

Lighting is one of the most important elements to get right in any room , but particularly in the living room with its many different functions , all of which need to be appropriately lit .
lighting is one of the most important elements to get right in any room , but particularly in the living room with its many different [purposes] , all of which need to be appropriately lit .

Before you start it helps to understand the differing functions of the various types of fixtures available .
before you start it helps to understand the differing [purposes] of the various types of fixtures available .

Living rooms that also have to act as office or work room by day ( and more and more people elect to work at home if they can these days ) can still perform both functions with comparative case .
living rooms that also have to act as office or work room by day ( and more and more people elect to work at home if they can these days ) can still perform both [purposes] with comparative case .

How you arrange these cooking/eating functions in your home depends on your life style as well as the space and money available .
how you arrange these cooking/eating [purposes] in your home depends on your life style as well as the space and money available .

Alternatively it may be that your kitchen actually functions with great efficiency and is relatively modern but simply lacks character .
alternatively it may be that your kitchen actually [purposes] with great efficiency and is relatively modern but simply lacks character .

When choosing flooring for a kitchen/diner , make sure the surface is suitable for both functions , or delineate one area from another by using different types of flooring .
when choosing flooring for a kitchen/diner , make sure the surface is suitable for both [purposes] , or delineate one area from another by using different types of flooring .

Decide exactly what functions the room has to fulfil .
decide exactly what [purposes] the room has to fulfil .

The bar seemed to serve other functions besides serving drinks .
the bar seemed to serve other [purposes] besides serving drinks .

The parameters appearing in the Richards functions can be related to biological factors .
the parameters appearing in the richards [purposes] can be related to biological factors .

In Thomas ' and Potter 's article it was the leaf length , not the plant weight , which was represented by the Richards functions .
in thomas ' and potter 's article it was the leaf length , not the plant weight , which was represented by the richards [purposes] .

The authors fitted Richards functions to leaf length measurements for chilled and unchilled plants .
the authors fitted richards [purposes] to leaf length measurements for chilled and unchilled plants .

Differences can also be observed in the primary data and in the consequent values obtained for the parameters of the Richards functions .
differences can also be observed in the primary data and in the consequent values obtained for the parameters of the richards [purposes] .

Various light- extinction functions are introduced to specify the light received by plants with different patterns of foliage development .
various light- extinction [purposes] are introduced to specify the light received by plants with different patterns of foliage development .

These routines are written in assembly language but called as procedures or functions from Pascal modules .
these routines are written in assembly language but called as procedures or [purposes] from pascal modules .

External effects shift indifference curves or production functions .
external effects shift indifference curves or production [purposes] .

The development of reliable text recognition procedures would serve two important functions .
the development of reliable text recognition procedures would serve two important [purposes] .

Quite complicated functions may be performed with mice via the use of menus and icons .
quite complicated [purposes] may be performed with mice via the use of menus and icons .

We try to determine the bodily functions that have become disjointed … the patient should have a good sleep , eat properly and the bowels must move more regularly .
we try to determine the bodily [purposes] that have become disjointed … the patient should have a good sleep , eat properly and the bowels must move more regularly .

If these three functions are put back in order then the patient is already half cured .
if these three [purposes] are put back in order then the patient is already half cured .

The Handmaid 's Tale is at its best in its frightening portrayal of gender politics and the depths to which people can sink when women are reduced to their biological functions .
the handmaid 's tale is at its best in its frightening portrayal of gender politics and the depths to which people can sink when women are reduced to their biological [purposes] .

The construction industry 's authority should remain a statutory body while the Engineering Training Authority should be allowed to take over the functions of the old engineering industry training board .
the construction industry 's authority should remain a statutory body while the engineering training authority should be allowed to take over the [purposes] of the old engineering industry training board .

Registration and administrative and financial returns are all functions which computers can carry out in a modern general practice .
registration and administrative and financial returns are all [purposes] which computers can carry out in a modern general practice .

In documents outlining their plans for regional government , the Opposition state that the new tier would take its powers from Westminster and Whitehall , and be empowered to carry out only those functions of a strategic or regulatory nature , currently exercised by the counties .
in documents outlining their plans for regional government , the opposition state that the new tier would take its powers from westminster and whitehall , and be empowered to carry out only those [purposes] of a strategic or regulatory nature , currently exercised by the counties .

Our proposals will empower the new local authorities to exercise all the functions , including strategic planning , local planning and development control .
our proposals will empower the new local authorities to exercise all the [purposes] , including strategic planning , local planning and development control .

The Territorial Army also provides important social functions , discipline , comradeship , leadership training , both mental and physical fitness , and a great sense of patriotism , all of which are important and should be encouraged .
the territorial army also provides important social [purposes] , discipline , comradeship , leadership training , both mental and physical fitness , and a great sense of patriotism , all of which are important and should be encouraged .

Friend was correct , too , in the implication of his remarks , in that due to lack of time or the natural delegation of functions , the European Council , the Council of Ministers and various other councils more and more frequently ask for Commission reports and proposals on matters .
friend was correct , too , in the implication of his remarks , in that due to lack of time or the natural delegation of [purposes] , the european council , the council of ministers and various other councils more and more frequently ask for commission reports and proposals on matters .

As soon as we can after the next election , we must consider how we are able to carry out those essential functions if the European union is to be democratically accountable .
as soon as we can after the next election , we must consider how we are able to carry out those essential [purposes] if the european union is to be democratically accountable .

For most categories of development , the local planning authorities are the district councils , but county councils also have limited functions as planning authorities .
for most categories of development , the local planning authorities are the district councils , but county councils also have limited [purposes] as planning authorities .

Furthermore , we want to ensure that those whose appointments are made by the Secretary of State have the appropriate qualifications and experience to fulfil their functions .
furthermore , we want to ensure that those whose appointments are made by the secretary of state have the appropriate qualifications and experience to fulfil their [purposes] .

The Labour party 's draft document , which it did not dare to publish , refers to London policing functions .
the labour party 's draft document , which it did not dare to publish , refers to london policing [purposes] .

We believe in a local government structure and a set of functions that enable that to happen .
we believe in a local government structure and a set of [purposes] that enable that to happen .

We offer a decent finance system that can sustain the functions that we give to local government , and a structure that is not piecemeal , but is based on identifiable communities — that is geared not to numbers alone , but to the ability to provide a decent level of service .
we offer a decent finance system that can sustain the [purposes] that we give to local government , and a structure that is not piecemeal , but is based on identifiable communities — that is geared not to numbers alone , but to the ability to provide a decent level of service .

There is no reason why the traditional counties should not emerge as part of the process , even if they are counties that have no administrative functions in certain places .
there is no reason why the traditional counties should not emerge as part of the process , even if they are counties that have no administrative [purposes] in certain places .

The Chief Inspector for England may , with the consent of the Audit Commission for Local Authorities in England and Wales , promote or undertake studies in connection with his functions designed to improve efficiency , economy and effectiveness in the management of schools in England .
the chief inspector for england may , with the consent of the audit commission for local authorities in england and wales , promote or undertake studies in connection with his [purposes] designed to improve efficiency , economy and effectiveness in the management of schools in england .

The Chief Inspector for Wales may , with the consent of the Audit Commission for Local Authorities in England and Wales , promote or undertake studies in connection with his functions designed to improve efficiency , economy and effectiveness in the management of schools in Wales . '
the chief inspector for wales may , with the consent of the audit commission for local authorities in england and wales , promote or undertake studies in connection with his [purposes] designed to improve efficiency , economy and effectiveness in the management of schools in wales . '

New clause 3 proposes to add to the Bill the following : ’ The Chief Inspector for England may , with the consent of the Audit Commission for Local Authorities in England and Wales , promote or undertake studies in connection with his functions designed to improve efficiency , economy and effectiveness in the management of schools in England . ’
new clause 3 proposes to add to the bill the following : ’ the chief inspector for england may , with the consent of the audit commission for local authorities in england and wales , promote or undertake studies in connection with his [purposes] designed to improve efficiency , economy and effectiveness in the management of schools in england . ’

Government amendments Nos. 48 and 49 , which can be found on page 413 , do the same in respect of clause 17 and the exercise of functions in Scotland .
government amendments nos. 48 and 49 , which can be found on page 413 , do the same in respect of clause 17 and the exercise of [purposes] in scotland .

New clause 3 touches on those issues because it proposes that , after consultation with the Audit Commission , the chief inspector ought to be able to ’ undertake studies in connection with his functions to improve efficiency , economy and effectiveness in the management of schools ’ .
new clause 3 touches on those issues because it proposes that , after consultation with the audit commission , the chief inspector ought to be able to ’ undertake studies in connection with his [purposes] to improve efficiency , economy and effectiveness in the management of schools ’ .

Any such council would need to be established and have its functions defined by an order approved by this House .
any such council would need to be established and have its [purposes] defined by an order approved by this house .

The council 's functions would be established by order .
the council 's [purposes] would be established by order .

Obviously , the council would exist to carry out functions on behalf of the Secretary of State , but the duty would remain with the Secretary of State .
obviously , the council would exist to carry out [purposes] on behalf of the secretary of state , but the duty would remain with the secretary of state .

The funding council will have particular functions which will be carried out on his behalf .
the funding council will have particular [purposes] which will be carried out on his behalf .

10 , in page 33 , line 29 , at end insert — ( ) The Secretary of State may give general directions to the Council about the exercise of their functions .
10 , in page 33 , line 29 , at end insert — ( ) the secretary of state may give general directions to the council about the exercise of their [purposes] .

Subject to paragraphs 5 and 6 below , the Funding Council shall have the power — ( a ) to acquire , hold and dispose of land and other property ; ( b ) to enter into contracts , including contracts for the employment of staff for the purposes of the discharge of their functions ; ( c ) to invest any sums not immediately required by the Funding Council for the purpose of their carrying on any of the activities which they have power to carry on ; and ( d ) to accept gifts of money , land or other property and apply it to , or hold or administer it in trust for , the purpose of the discharge of any of their functions .
subject to paragraphs 5 and 6 below , the funding council shall have the power — ( a ) to acquire , hold and dispose of land and other property ; ( b ) to enter into contracts , including contracts for the employment of staff for the purposes of the discharge of their [purposes] ; ( c ) to invest any sums not immediately required by the funding council for the purpose of their carrying on any of the activities which they have power to carry on ; and ( d ) to accept gifts of money , land or other property and apply it to , or hold or administer it in trust for , the purpose of the discharge of any of their [purposes] .

Given that it would remove the functions of the Secretary of State for Scotland to a Scottish Parliament , the hon .
given that it would remove the [purposes] of the secretary of state for scotland to a scottish parliament , the hon .

The power supply for the ventilation system introduces another factor , since it is essential that emergency power to other functions in the accommodation should not be jeopardised .
the power supply for the ventilation system introduces another factor , since it is essential that emergency power to other [purposes] in the accommodation should not be jeopardised .

It is important to make it clear that , within the existing regime , if a safety representative has been victimised to the point of being unable to carry out his functions as a safety representative , the installation operator and owner would be in breach of the Offshore Installations ( Safety Representatives and Safety Committees )
it is important to make it clear that , within the existing regime , if a safety representative has been victimised to the point of being unable to carry out his [purposes] as a safety representative , the installation operator and owner would be in breach of the offshore installations ( safety representatives and safety committees )

To ask the Chancellor of the Exchequer what account he takes of the national interest in terms of the viability of businesses and the retention of jobs in deciding on the exercise of the functions of his Department in respect of Inland Revenue responsibilities .
to ask the chancellor of the exchequer what account he takes of the national interest in terms of the viability of businesses and the retention of jobs in deciding on the exercise of the [purposes] of his department in respect of inland revenue responsibilities .

They are looking at structure and functions at the same time .
they are looking at structure and [purposes] at the same time .

Friend the Minister of Agriculture , Fisheries and Food in respect of its flood relief functions .
friend the minister of agriculture , fisheries and food in respect of its flood relief [purposes] .

a ) the remuneration of , and any expenses incurred by , listing officers in carrying out their functions under the Act ( including the remuneration and expenses of persons , whether or not in the service of the Crown , to assist them ) ;
a ) the remuneration of , and any expenses incurred by , listing officers in carrying out their [purposes] under the act ( including the remuneration and expenses of persons , whether or not in the service of the crown , to assist them ) ;

a ) any sums payable under the Act in respect of the office and functions of Her Majesty 's Chief Inspector of Schools for England and the office and functions of Her Majesty 's Chief Inspector of Schools for Wales ;
a ) any sums payable under the act in respect of the office and [purposes] of her majesty 's chief inspector of schools for england and the office and [purposes] of her majesty 's chief inspector of schools for wales ;

Friend made that important point — help them in their jobs and prepare them for various roles , such as good parenthood , or for responsible functions within the wider community .
friend made that important point — help them in their jobs and prepare them for various roles , such as good parenthood , or for responsible [purposes] within the wider community .

Literature is fiction not because it somehow refuses to acknowledge ‘ reality ’ , but because it is not a priori certain that language functions according to principles which are those , or which are like those , of the phenomenal world .
literature is fiction not because it somehow refuses to acknowledge ‘ reality ’ , but because it is not a priori certain that language [purposes] according to principles which are those , or which are like those , of the phenomenal world .

Government can perform any one of three functions with respect to public and toll goods : arranging for their provision , financing their provision , and undertaking the actual production .
government can perform any one of three [purposes] with respect to public and toll goods : arranging for their provision , financing their provision , and undertaking the actual production .

Williamson 's theory of the firm , presented in Section 2 , is an explanation of why some resources are managed , rather than allocated by markets , and why managerial functions are divided into several different , specialized roles within the firm .
williamson 's theory of the firm , presented in section 2 , is an explanation of why some resources are managed , rather than allocated by markets , and why managerial [purposes] are divided into several different , specialized roles within the firm .

What we need is not simply a new , flatter organization but an understanding of how managerial hierarchy functions — how it relates to the complexity of work and how we can use it to achieve a more effective deployment of talent and energy .
what we need is not simply a new , flatter organization but an understanding of how managerial hierarchy [purposes] — how it relates to the complexity of work and how we can use it to achieve a more effective deployment of talent and energy .

It is assumed that the way in which a text is organised highlights specific communicative functions .
it is assumed that the way in which a text is organised highlights specific communicative [purposes] .

In this project we shall examine what preconceptions teenagers have about driving and how these preconceptions change as a functions of age and first-hand experience of driving .
in this project we shall examine what preconceptions teenagers have about driving and how these preconceptions change as a [purposes] of age and first-hand experience of driving .

The research involves monitoring the effects of implementing these administrative support functions in over 140 practices nationwide .
the research involves monitoring the effects of implementing these administrative support [purposes] in over 140 practices nationwide .

12.3 Functions of subject access
12.3 [purposes] of subject access

Subject access normally seeks to fulfil both of the following functions :
subject access normally seeks to fulfil both of the following [purposes] :

In other words , all the classes for functions of clothes must be first enumerated before we proceed to consider subdivision by other principles , such as price .
in other words , all the classes for [purposes] of clothes must be first enumerated before we proceed to consider subdivision by other principles , such as price .

These two tools have the same two basic functions :
these two tools have the same two basic [purposes] :

On the other hand , they differ in their area of application and to some extent in the way in which they seek to fulfil these two basic functions .
on the other hand , they differ in their area of application and to some extent in the way in which they seek to fulfil these two basic [purposes] .

The basic functions of a subject headings list ( as identified in section 16.1 above ) may be focused more precisely in the following terms :
the basic [purposes] of a subject headings list ( as identified in section 16.1 above ) may be focused more precisely in the following terms :

Both functions of subject headings lists are fulfilled by Sears ' .
both [purposes] of subject headings lists are fulfilled by sears ' .

Durkheim ( 1893 ) , in his discussion of the ‘ abnormal forms ’ of the division of labour , long ago drew attention to what he regarded as a condition of ‘ anomie ’ in the sphere of production , characterized by the absence of a body of rules governing the relations between different social functions — above all between labour and capital — and saw as both probable and desirable a growing normative regulation of industrial relations .
durkheim ( 1893 ) , in his discussion of the ‘ abnormal forms ’ of the division of labour , long ago drew attention to what he regarded as a condition of ‘ anomie ’ in the sphere of production , characterized by the absence of a body of rules governing the relations between different social [purposes] — above all between labour and capital — and saw as both probable and desirable a growing normative regulation of industrial relations .

One kind of answer refers to the increasing differentiation of social functions as human societies become larger and more complex , and to the need for a superior authority in society capable of regulating conflicts of interest among individuals and groups and of representing in some fashion the ‘ general interest ’ .
one kind of answer refers to the increasing differentiation of social [purposes] as human societies become larger and more complex , and to the need for a superior authority in society capable of regulating conflicts of interest among individuals and groups and of representing in some fashion the ‘ general interest ’ .

At all events , the early history of societies reveals that war and conquest played an important part in the development of the state , not only by creating clearly defined dominant groups , but also by enlarging the scale of society , hence stimulating both a greater internal differentiation of functions , and the growth of a centralized apparatus of government and administration .
at all events , the early history of societies reveals that war and conquest played an important part in the development of the state , not only by creating clearly defined dominant groups , but also by enlarging the scale of society , hence stimulating both a greater internal differentiation of [purposes] , and the growth of a centralized apparatus of government and administration .

In the Western democracies of the late twentieth century the state has taken on an entirely different character from that which it had in the period of laissez-faire capitalism , or in earlier periods , when its functions were mainly confined to tax collecting , internal repression , and external conflict with other states ; now it is responsible in addition for the operation of a great range of public services as well as a general regulation of the whole economic system .
in the western democracies of the late twentieth century the state has taken on an entirely different character from that which it had in the period of laissez-faire capitalism , or in earlier periods , when its [purposes] were mainly confined to tax collecting , internal repression , and external conflict with other states ; now it is responsible in addition for the operation of a great range of public services as well as a general regulation of the whole economic system .

Among the developed industrial countries generally it was mainly in the former communist societies of Eastern Europe that the repressive functions of the state were still prominent against a similar background of economic planning and provision of welfare services .
among the developed industrial countries generally it was mainly in the former communist societies of eastern europe that the repressive [purposes] of the state were still prominent against a similar background of economic planning and provision of welfare services .

Looking back from the vantage point of the twentieth-century ‘ welfare state ’ we can also see , however , that every state , even when it has had a primarily repressive character , has also performed other necessary functions in the coordination and regulation of complex societies , especially through the development of a system of law , and in some cases — as with the Roman Empire — has had a generally civilizing influence .
looking back from the vantage point of the twentieth-century ‘ welfare state ’ we can also see , however , that every state , even when it has had a primarily repressive character , has also performed other necessary [purposes] in the coordination and regulation of complex societies , especially through the development of a system of law , and in some cases — as with the roman empire — has had a generally civilizing influence .

There is a suggestion of such an approach in Marx 's briefly sketched political theory , not only in his early criticism of Hegel 's philosophy of the state as revealing the ‘ imperfection of the modern state ’ , its representation of an ‘ illusory general interest ’ as against a real general interest , but also in the later Critique of the Gotha Programme ( 1875 ) , where he poses , but does not answer , the question ‘ what transformation will the state undergo in communist society … what social functions will remain in existence there that are analogous to present state functions ?
there is a suggestion of such an approach in marx 's briefly sketched political theory , not only in his early criticism of hegel 's philosophy of the state as revealing the ‘ imperfection of the modern state ’ , its representation of an ‘ illusory general interest ’ as against a real general interest , but also in the later critique of the gotha programme ( 1875 ) , where he poses , but does not answer , the question ‘ what transformation will the state undergo in communist society … what social [purposes] will remain in existence there that are analogous to present state [purposes] ?

Present-day stateless societies are not necessarily representative of all , or even most , of the earliest human communities , many of which may have had from the beginning some differentiation of political functions based upon age or gender ; and in any event enquiry into such questions remains largely speculative .
present-day stateless societies are not necessarily representative of all , or even most , of the earliest human communities , many of which may have had from the beginning some differentiation of political [purposes] based upon age or gender ; and in any event enquiry into such questions remains largely speculative .

Except for occasional — rare — meals at a nearby restaurant , they never went out , sending out for meals when they did n't feel like cooking , while Luke no longer even accompanied her to the various work-connected functions she sometimes had to attend at weekends , dealing with business matters of his own or else remaining at the apartment while she was out .
except for occasional — rare — meals at a nearby restaurant , they never went out , sending out for meals when they did n't feel like cooking , while luke no longer even accompanied her to the various work-connected [purposes] she sometimes had to attend at weekends , dealing with business matters of his own or else remaining at the apartment while she was out .

To see the implications , let us take the example where the production functions are Cobb-Douglas , so that is constant , and where the corporate sector is relatively labour-intensive in terms of value .
to see the implications , let us take the example where the production [purposes] are cobb-douglas , so that is constant , and where the corporate sector is relatively labour-intensive in terms of value .

Starting from a disequilibrium perspective , the accumulation of capital depends on the specification of ex ante investment and savings functions and the mechanism by which they are brought into equilibrium ( this being the kernel of the instability problem posed by the Harrod model ) .
starting from a disequilibrium perspective , the accumulation of capital depends on the specification of ex ante investment and savings [purposes] and the mechanism by which they are brought into equilibrium ( this being the kernel of the instability problem posed by the harrod model ) .

Thus , one of the functions of parents sending their children to elite schools is for them to be identified as more able .
thus , one of the [purposes] of parents sending their children to elite schools is for them to be identified as more able .

The development of the aggregate equilibrium is then governed by ( from 9–17a ) where r and w are functions of .
the development of the aggregate equilibrium is then governed by ( from 9–17a ) where r and w are [purposes] of .

The same applies where there are differences between individuals in the savings functions .
the same applies where there are differences between individuals in the savings [purposes] .

Aaron and McGuire ( 1970 ) derived from assumptions about individual utility functions and the procedure determining public goods supply an explicit allocation formula , which values the ith person 's consumption of the public good at his marginal rate of substitution between the public good and income ( using the conditions for the optimum supply of the public good discussed in Lecture 16 ) .
aaron and mcguire ( 1970 ) derived from assumptions about individual utility [purposes] and the procedure determining public goods supply an explicit allocation formula , which values the ith person 's consumption of the public good at his marginal rate of substitution between the public good and income ( using the conditions for the optimum supply of the public good discussed in lecture 16 ) .

The standard incidence assumptions may be related to the simple fixed-factor , two-sector model discussed in Lecture 6 ( Section 6–5 ) , where there are two classes of consumer ( with homothetic utility functions ) .
the standard incidence assumptions may be related to the simple fixed-factor , two-sector model discussed in lecture 6 ( section 6–5 ) , where there are two classes of consumer ( with homothetic utility [purposes] ) .

As in Musgrave 's theory of the ‘ public household ’ , one can consider the division of functions between different government agencies , and the operation of these agencies as units playing the same role as firms do in the market .
as in musgrave 's theory of the ‘ public household ’ , one can consider the division of [purposes] between different government agencies , and the operation of these agencies as units playing the same role as firms do in the market .

This division of the functions of the public sector has proved extremely useful as an analytical device , and it is indeed one that we have followed in this book ( by abstracting from stabilization policy ) .
this division of the [purposes] of the public sector has proved extremely useful as an analytical device , and it is indeed one that we have followed in this book ( by abstracting from stabilization policy ) .

From a positive standpoint , however , the view of the state as decentralizing its functions captures an important feature of reality .
from a positive standpoint , however , the view of the state as decentralizing its [purposes] captures an important feature of reality .

‘ You know the ways — gets invited to council functions , writes letters of qualified support in the local paper , or just shows friendliness and interest .
‘ you know the ways — gets invited to council [purposes] , writes letters of qualified support in the local paper , or just shows friendliness and interest .

The busmen 's case had been that their strict schedules made the satisfactory operation of physical functions difficult .
the busmen 's case had been that their strict schedules made the satisfactory operation of physical [purposes] difficult .

We can therefore draw potential functions for the ground-state molecule , and for the molecular ion produced by loss of an electron , on the same diagram .
we can therefore draw potential [purposes] for the ground-state molecule , and for the molecular ion produced by loss of an electron , on the same diagram .

If we remove an electron from a non-bonding level , the potential functions of ion and molecule should have minima at very similar internuclear distances .
if we remove an electron from a non-bonding level , the potential [purposes] of ion and molecule should have minima at very similar internuclear distances .

If the forms of the two potential functions are similar too , we may well find that the ground-state level for the ion lies almost exactly over that for the molecule in the energy diagram ( Fig .
if the forms of the two potential [purposes] are similar too , we may well find that the ground-state level for the ion lies almost exactly over that for the molecule in the energy diagram ( fig .

We also allow the effects of offer probability ( ) , leisure utility ( ) and the discount rate ( ) to vary as step functions between the periods .
we also allow the effects of offer probability ( ) , leisure utility ( ) and the discount rate ( ) to vary as step [purposes] between the periods .

From equations ( 8 ) and ( 9 ) and a second-order approximation to the log functions , we derive the density and distribution functions of the duration random variable and then maximise the relevant likelihood subject to equations ( 6 ) , ( 7 ) , ( 10 ) and ( 11 ) .
from equations ( 8 ) and ( 9 ) and a second-order approximation to the log [purposes] , we derive the density and distribution [purposes] of the duration random variable and then maximise the relevant likelihood subject to equations ( 6 ) , ( 7 ) , ( 10 ) and ( 11 ) .

Since this complicates the interpretation of the two intercept dummies in the ‘ offer ’ probability functions as the duration effects , the unemployment rate variable , a measure of the tightness of the labour market which enters q , is allowed to vary over the two optimisation periods .
since this complicates the interpretation of the two intercept dummies in the ‘ offer ’ probability [purposes] as the duration effects , the unemployment rate variable , a measure of the tightness of the labour market which enters q , is allowed to vary over the two optimisation periods .

Assumption 4 : workers ' utility functions
assumption 4 : workers ' utility [purposes]

All workers are assumed to have continuous twice differentiable ( indirect ) utility of income functions , denoted by where denotes the net wage , which is given by w for non-unionists and by for paid-up unionists .
all workers are assumed to have continuous twice differentiable ( indirect ) utility of income [purposes] , denoted by where denotes the net wage , which is given by w for non-unionists and by for paid-up unionists .

In this model , firms ' reactions to one another are treated as a Nash equilibrium with conjectural variations , the latter being derived from firms ' profits functions .
in this model , firms ' reactions to one another are treated as a nash equilibrium with conjectural variations , the latter being derived from firms ' profits [purposes] .

The powers of the Bank to influence conditions in financial markets and the behaviour of institutions are considerable and derive principally from three functions . These are :
the powers of the bank to influence conditions in financial markets and the behaviour of institutions are considerable and derive principally from three [purposes] . these are :

In trying to understand its other functions we shall be helped by looking at the Bank 's balance sheet as set out in Table 3.2 .
in trying to understand its other [purposes] we shall be helped by looking at the bank 's balance sheet as set out in table 3.2 .

Lastly , its own functions as a bank combined with its size and its relationship to the government provide a third channel through which to influence financial markets .
lastly , its own [purposes] as a bank combined with its size and its relationship to the government provide a third channel through which to influence financial markets .

Secondly , the Bank of England functions as the bankers ' bank .
secondly , the bank of england [purposes] as the bankers ' bank .

The balance sheets and the functions of various financial intermediaries are examined in more detail than they are here in Carter and Partington ( 1984 ) and Struthers and Speight ( 1980 ) .
the balance sheets and the [purposes] of various financial intermediaries are examined in more detail than they are here in carter and partington ( 1984 ) and struthers and speight ( 1980 ) .

There we shall look at the functions and services supplied by each and at the significant features of their balance sheets .
there we shall look at the [purposes] and services supplied by each and at the significant features of their balance sheets .

Having looked briefly at some features of particular NBFIs in section 4.1 , we want now to reflect on the extent to which they fulfil some of those functions which we said in section 2.3 a financial system is expected to fulfil .
having looked briefly at some features of particular nbfis in section 4.1 , we want now to reflect on the extent to which they fulfil some of those [purposes] which we said in section 2.3 a financial system is expected to fulfil .

The second required the establishment of boards of governors for polytechnics and other LEA-maintained colleges , and the specification of the governors ' functions vis-a-vis those of the LEAs and of the colleges ' principals .
the second required the establishment of boards of governors for polytechnics and other lea-maintained colleges , and the specification of the governors ' [purposes] vis-a-vis those of the leas and of the colleges ' principals .

Tertiary colleges combine the functions of a sixth form college and a further education college .
tertiary colleges combine the [purposes] of a sixth form college and a further education college .

Although youth work has many of the functions of social work , it is primarily an education service .
although youth work has many of the [purposes] of social work , it is primarily an education service .

Only with the emergence in 1747 , in an embryonic form , of a Western Squadron dedicated to cruising off the main French Atlantic bases of Brest and Rochefort , did strategic considerations overcome purely commercial and tactical ones in British thinking on the functions of the navy .
only with the emergence in 1747 , in an embryonic form , of a western squadron dedicated to cruising off the main french atlantic bases of brest and rochefort , did strategic considerations overcome purely commercial and tactical ones in british thinking on the [purposes] of the navy .

It meant an increasingly rational and symmetrical organization of navies , the division of their ships into well-defined classes , each with relatively specialized functions and a fixed quota of men and guns .
it meant an increasingly rational and symmetrical organization of navies , the division of their ships into well-defined classes , each with relatively specialized [purposes] and a fixed quota of men and guns .

Foreign Offices of a modern kind , specialized in their functions , subdivided ( usually on a largely geographical basis ) into departments with still more specialized duties and employing considerable numbers of experts of all kinds , now appear for the first time in the major European capitals .
foreign offices of a modern kind , specialized in their [purposes] , subdivided ( usually on a largely geographical basis ) into departments with still more specialized duties and employing considerable numbers of experts of all kinds , now appear for the first time in the major european capitals .

The proper time interval ds between events in space–time with coordinate separation is then given by the quadratic metric equation where the components of the metric tensor are functions of the position and time .
the proper time interval ds between events in space–time with coordinate separation is then given by the quadratic metric equation where the components of the metric tensor are [purposes] of the position and time .

The are more or less complicated functions of the : .
the are more or less complicated [purposes] of the : .

Equally the are functions of the : .
equally the are [purposes] of the : .

The full information about the structure of space–time is embodied in the metric equation , and so it is reasonable to expect that the connections should be functions of the metric coefficients .
the full information about the structure of space–time is embodied in the metric equation , and so it is reasonable to expect that the connections should be [purposes] of the metric coefficients .

She had seen photographs of him in the papers , sometimes on his own , but more often escorting a beautiful woman to various functions .
she had seen photographs of him in the papers , sometimes on his own , but more often escorting a beautiful woman to various [purposes] .

The same device may be used for a variety of potential functions , just as different devices may share a single function .
the same device may be used for a variety of potential [purposes] , just as different devices may share a single function .

From this theory ( often called ‘ diacritical ’ ) of language and meaning it follows that to study how a language functions we must take as our object not individual signs in isolation , but the relationships that obtain between them .
from this theory ( often called ‘ diacritical ’ ) of language and meaning it follows that to study how a language [purposes] we must take as our object not individual signs in isolation , but the relationships that obtain between them .

Langue , not parole must be the primary object of a science which aims to show how language functions .
langue , not parole must be the primary object of a science which aims to show how language [purposes] .

Synchronic study , on the other hand , considers how a language functions as a system at a given moment in time , analyzing the simultaneous relationships between its constituent parts ; it examines how a language works , not how it develops .
synchronic study , on the other hand , considers how a language [purposes] as a system at a given moment in time , analyzing the simultaneous relationships between its constituent parts ; it examines how a language works , not how it develops .

The best known version of this theory of functions is Jakobson 's ‘ Closing statement : linguistics and poetics ’ ( Sebeok 1960 : 350 — 77 ) delivered to a conference in America in 1958 , which builds on a set of categories proposed by Mukařovský some years earlier ( 1938 : 100 — 1 ) .
the best known version of this theory of [purposes] is jakobson 's ‘ closing statement : linguistics and poetics ’ ( sebeok 1960 : 350 — 77 ) delivered to a conference in america in 1958 , which builds on a set of categories proposed by mukařovský some years earlier ( 1938 : 100 — 1 ) .

According to Jakobson , any message can have six different functions , corresponding to the six factors necessarily present in any act of communication : an addresser , an addressee , a context , a code , a means of contact , and the message itself .
according to jakobson , any message can have six different [purposes] , corresponding to the six factors necessarily present in any act of communication : an addresser , an addressee , a context , a code , a means of contact , and the message itself .

All functions may be present , though sometimes to a minimal degree , in any set of signs , constituting a hierarchy according to the relative predominance of each .
all [purposes] may be present , though sometimes to a minimal degree , in any set of signs , constituting a hierarchy according to the relative predominance of each .

But this does not prevent other functions from being present , lower down in the hierarchy , in texts in which the poetic function is dominant ; equally , the poetic function may be present in texts which are mainly expressive or referential .
but this does not prevent other [purposes] from being present , lower down in the hierarchy , in texts in which the poetic function is dominant ; equally , the poetic function may be present in texts which are mainly expressive or referential .

The main point on which this framework rests is the distinction , already made in The Meaning of Meaning , between two different functions of language .
the main point on which this framework rests is the distinction , already made in the meaning of meaning , between two different [purposes] of language .

These are his empiricism and humanism , and what we can call his organicist insistence on close reading , on careful attention to every detail of a literary text , on the principle that the text , like a living organism , functions through the interaction of all its constituent parts .
these are his empiricism and humanism , and what we can call his organicist insistence on close reading , on careful attention to every detail of a literary text , on the principle that the text , like a living organism , [purposes] through the interaction of all its constituent parts .

His distinction between function and index ( two of his basic narrative units ) is determined by whether the units link with others to form a chain of actions ( the functions ) , or whether their role is a more diffuse contribution to the meaning of the story , such as information about characters ( the indices ) .
his distinction between function and index ( two of his basic narrative units ) is determined by whether the units link with others to form a chain of actions ( the [purposes] ) , or whether their role is a more diffuse contribution to the meaning of the story , such as information about characters ( the indices ) .

It is only when this distinction has been made in terms that comply with the workings of narrative that the linguistic analogy is introduced : the functions , Barthes suggests , are based on metonymic relations , the indices on metaphoric relations .
it is only when this distinction has been made in terms that comply with the workings of narrative that the linguistic analogy is introduced : the [purposes] , barthes suggests , are based on metonymic relations , the indices on metaphoric relations .

( There is often a degree of integration between these ; this aims for the use of the same key-presses for the same effects and allows the transfer of data between functions . )
( there is often a degree of integration between these ; this aims for the use of the same key-presses for the same effects and allows the transfer of data between [purposes] . )

Geographers are familiar with the concept of the central place — a locally or regionally important centre fulfilling a number of functions for the settlements around .
geographers are familiar with the concept of the central place — a locally or regionally important centre fulfilling a number of [purposes] for the settlements around .

For long periods in the past , however , towns and cities did not exist , and yet many , if not most , of the functions which major urban centres fulfil today were still carried out in the landscape .
for long periods in the past , however , towns and cities did not exist , and yet many , if not most , of the [purposes] which major urban centres fulfil today were still carried out in the landscape .

We shall look at these functions in a moment , but it will be useful to think in terms of certain places in the landscape being the foci for single activities rather than a whole range of functions .
we shall look at these [purposes] in a moment , but it will be useful to think in terms of certain places in the landscape being the foci for single activities rather than a whole range of [purposes] .

Any one such focal place would thus have only one function , rather than the range of functions of the geographers ' central place .
any one such focal place would thus have only one function , rather than the range of [purposes] of the geographers ' central place .

Many of these administrative caputs also had judicial functions , an arrangement with which we are not familiar today .
many of these administrative caputs also had judicial [purposes] , an arrangement with which we are not familiar today .

Many hundred meeting places were at ancient sites in the landscape like barrows or stones , where they could have taken place for millennia , while others were at places which had other functions as well , such as centres of royal or ecclesiastical estates which coincided with hundredal arrangements .
many hundred meeting places were at ancient sites in the landscape like barrows or stones , where they could have taken place for millennia , while others were at places which had other [purposes] as well , such as centres of royal or ecclesiastical estates which coincided with hundredal arrangements .

Yet others were situated in , or later moved to , places which eventually became towns with a full range of central place functions .
yet others were situated in , or later moved to , places which eventually became towns with a full range of central place [purposes] .

Such places were not really urban in this early period and possessed few other central place functions .
such places were not really urban in this early period and possessed few other central place [purposes] .

At staff functions at Burleigh , little groups tended to form .
at staff [purposes] at burleigh , little groups tended to form .

Administrative and warehousing functions are now performed by a central unit in Paris , whilst operations in other countries have been replaced by customer service centres which can concentrate on the needs of local customers .
administrative and warehousing [purposes] are now performed by a central unit in paris , whilst operations in other countries have been replaced by customer service centres which can concentrate on the needs of local customers .

All three comital functions are documented in Charles the Bald 's reign , though royal instructions have a good deal more to say about the first and second than about the third .
all three comital [purposes] are documented in charles the bald 's reign , though royal instructions have a good deal more to say about the first and second than about the third .

It is precisely in reference to such functions that the issue of royal control arises .
it is precisely in reference to such [purposes] that the issue of royal control arises .

There is a frustrating lack of the sort of corroborative evidence for the carrying-out of functions which we occasionally have in the case of counts and missi .
there is a frustrating lack of the sort of corroborative evidence for the carrying-out of [purposes] which we occasionally have in the case of counts and missi .

While the local residents might tolerate the noise and disruption from an occasional late night party , some limitation needs to be set on the number of such functions that can take place .
while the local residents might tolerate the noise and disruption from an occasional late night party , some limitation needs to be set on the number of such [purposes] that can take place .

Working with partners Because the effective leader must perform two functions successfully , namely the achievement of the task which has been set and the fulfilment of colleagues ' needs , he or she must develop a role in which those broader needs can be taken into account .
working with partners because the effective leader must perform two [purposes] successfully , namely the achievement of the task which has been set and the fulfilment of colleagues ' needs , he or she must develop a role in which those broader needs can be taken into account .

Confusion also arose when schools took over administrative functions which traditionally had been located in LEAs .
confusion also arose when schools took over administrative [purposes] which traditionally had been located in leas .

Many of the items of management , quoted here from Landry already have a relevance to the management of that assurance ( Thompson and McHugh 1990:365 ) : There is a vital distinction to be made between `` management `` and those people who hold managerial positions , and `` management `` as an assortment of integrative functions which are necessary in any complex organization — planning , harmonising related processes , ensuring appropriate flows of information , matching resources to production needs , marketing , financial control and linking output to demand .
many of the items of management , quoted here from landry already have a relevance to the management of that assurance ( thompson and mchugh 1990:365 ) : there is a vital distinction to be made between `` management `` and those people who hold managerial positions , and `` management `` as an assortment of integrative [purposes] which are necessary in any complex organization — planning , harmonising related processes , ensuring appropriate flows of information , matching resources to production needs , marketing , financial control and linking output to demand .

While this organ could and did assume the executive functions of a provisional government , its creation did not resolve two crucial problems : what roles were the existing political parties and the mass of the population to play in the New State .
while this organ could and did assume the executive [purposes] of a provisional government , its creation did not resolve two crucial problems : what roles were the existing political parties and the mass of the population to play in the new state .

Franco repeated the message of his 2 December letter when he said that he did not `` see any advantage in change `` and that if he were ever to delegate the leadership of the government , it would only be when he was no longer able to carry out the functions of that position as well as those of head of state .
franco repeated the message of his 2 december letter when he said that he did not `` see any advantage in change `` and that if he were ever to delegate the leadership of the government , it would only be when he was no longer able to carry out the [purposes] of that position as well as those of head of state .

It covers the role and functions of the police and Procurator Fiscal in the reporting and prosecution of crime .
it covers the role and [purposes] of the police and procurator fiscal in the reporting and prosecution of crime .

SVQs contain the competences required to carry out particular job functions .
svqs contain the competences required to carry out particular job [purposes] .

In addition , the tutor can advise on alternative equipment or software which will perform the required functions more quickly or more effectively .
in addition , the tutor can advise on alternative equipment or software which will perform the required [purposes] more quickly or more effectively .

who , with or without reasonable accommodation , can perform the essential functions of the employment position that such individual holds or desires …
who , with or without reasonable accommodation , can perform the essential [purposes] of the employment position that such individual holds or desires …

The defence requires employers to identify the essential functions of the job .
the defence requires employers to identify the essential [purposes] of the job .

Best practice suggests that to comply with the law employers must identify and document the requirements for a position in terms of skills , experience and education , and should apply job analysis techniques to catalogue the essential functions of the post .
best practice suggests that to comply with the law employers must identify and document the requirements for a position in terms of skills , experience and education , and should apply job analysis techniques to catalogue the essential [purposes] of the post .

In deciding what functions are ‘ essential ’ , due consideration is given to the employer 's judgement , but the employer 's view is not determinative of the issue .
in deciding what [purposes] are ‘ essential ’ , due consideration is given to the employer 's judgement , but the employer 's view is not determinative of the issue .

The existence of a written job description prepared in advance of recruitment and selection is considered evidence of the job 's essential functions , but would not be accepted uncritically .
the existence of a written job description prepared in advance of recruitment and selection is considered evidence of the job 's essential [purposes] , but would not be accepted uncritically .

First , it may be an aspect of the decision whether disabled persons are ‘ qualified ’ or not , in the sense of whether they can perform the essential functions of the job .
first , it may be an aspect of the decision whether disabled persons are ‘ qualified ’ or not , in the sense of whether they can perform the essential [purposes] of the job .

Job restructuring entails the reallocation or redistribution of non-essential or marginal functions , or the alteration of the performance of an essential function .
job restructuring entails the reallocation or redistribution of non-essential or marginal [purposes] , or the alteration of the performance of an essential function .

Employers would be prohibited from conducting a medical examination of any employment applicant , except for the single purpose of ascertaining ability to perform job-related functions .
employers would be prohibited from conducting a medical examination of any employment applicant , except for the single purpose of ascertaining ability to perform job-related [purposes] .

Once in employment , employees would not be required to undergo a medical examination at the behest of the employer , except to ascertain an employee 's continuing ability to perform job-related functions .
once in employment , employees would not be required to undergo a medical examination at the behest of the employer , except to ascertain an employee 's continuing ability to perform job-related [purposes] .

To keep him/herself appraised of legislative and technical developments and changing trading practices as they affect the trading standards functions .
to keep him/herself appraised of legislative and technical developments and changing trading practices as they affect the trading standards [purposes] .

Address trading and other organisations on Trading Standards issues as related to the functions of the Department .
address trading and other organisations on trading standards issues as related to the [purposes] of the department .

To carry out all functions and duties of a Trading Standards Officer as required .
to carry out all [purposes] and duties of a trading standards officer as required .

All the critical functions are within the teams , engineering , technical support , and after suitable training the teams are taking on many skills which would be normally contracted out .
all the critical [purposes] are within the teams , engineering , technical support , and after suitable training the teams are taking on many skills which would be normally contracted out .

Continuing our series on Head Office Corporate Functions
continuing our series on head office corporate [purposes]

It is time , now , to offer a conspectus of the positions which English adjectives may take , and what the functions of the adjectives appearing in them may be .
it is time , now , to offer a conspectus of the positions which english adjectives may take , and what the [purposes] of the adjectives appearing in them may be .

This statement is a concise description of the step-wise model , but if knowledge is viewed as a continuum , then impressions of discrete steps are functions of the scale of the overview .
this statement is a concise description of the step-wise model , but if knowledge is viewed as a continuum , then impressions of discrete steps are [purposes] of the scale of the overview .

Up to this time , the Trinity Association which was called ‘ The Corporation of the Shipmasters of the Trinity House of Leith ’ had been a charitable institution but in 1797 it developed those functions with which it was to become chiefly associated , that of examining and licensing Pilots .
up to this time , the trinity association which was called ‘ the corporation of the shipmasters of the trinity house of leith ’ had been a charitable institution but in 1797 it developed those [purposes] with which it was to become chiefly associated , that of examining and licensing pilots .

Constitutional changes enacted in 1990 included the separation of the administrative and professional functions of the office of Attorney General , and the subsequent appointment in September of the territory 's first Solicitor General , Anthony Smellie , a Jamaican born barrister .
constitutional changes enacted in 1990 included the separation of the administrative and professional [purposes] of the office of attorney general , and the subsequent appointment in september of the territory 's first solicitor general , anthony smellie , a jamaican born barrister .

Missions to monitor human rights in the newly-democratized states of eastern Europe and the former Soviet Union were approved [ see also pp. 38458 ; 38554 ] , and agreement was reached to expand the functions of the Office for Free Elections in Warsaw , renamed the Office for Democratic Institutions and Human Rights .
missions to monitor human rights in the newly-democratized states of eastern europe and the former soviet union were approved [ see also pp. 38458 ; 38554 ] , and agreement was reached to expand the [purposes] of the office for free elections in warsaw , renamed the office for democratic institutions and human rights .

The aims of the reorganization , which followed laws on the police adopted in mid-July , were to separate Czechoslovak security structures from those of former Warsaw Treaty countries — including the replacement of Soviet cryptographers , the clarification of the Interior Ministry 's organization and the separation of the ministry 's administrative from its policing functions .
the aims of the reorganization , which followed laws on the police adopted in mid-july , were to separate czechoslovak security structures from those of former warsaw treaty countries — including the replacement of soviet cryptographers , the clarification of the interior ministry 's organization and the separation of the ministry 's administrative from its policing [purposes] .

The President 's functions are primarily ceremonial but include the appointment of the Federal Chancellor ( Bundeskanzler-head of government ) and , at the Chancellor 's recommendation , the other members of the government .
the president 's [purposes] are primarily ceremonial but include the appointment of the federal chancellor ( bundeskanzler-head of government ) and , at the chancellor 's recommendation , the other members of the government .

Under the 1975 Constitution Greece , or the Hellenic Republic , is a parliamentary democracy with a President as head of state ( with , since 1986 , largely ceremonial functions ) who is elected by parliament for a five-year term .
under the 1975 constitution greece , or the hellenic republic , is a parliamentary democracy with a president as head of state ( with , since 1986 , largely ceremonial [purposes] ) who is elected by parliament for a five-year term .

There is also a Council of State , nominated by the Grand Duke , comprising 21 members , which acts as the supreme administrative tribunal and has some legislative functions .
there is also a council of state , nominated by the grand duke , comprising 21 members , which acts as the supreme administrative tribunal and has some legislative [purposes] .

Spain is divided into 17 autonomous regions , each with its own elected legislative assembly , a Governing Council with executive and administrative functions , and a President of the Government ( Prime Minister ) elected by the assembly from among its members .
spain is divided into 17 autonomous regions , each with its own elected legislative assembly , a governing council with executive and administrative [purposes] , and a president of the government ( prime minister ) elected by the assembly from among its members .

The Kingdom of Sweden is a parliamentary democracy in which the monarch retains purely ceremonial functions as head of state and takes no active part in government .
the kingdom of sweden is a parliamentary democracy in which the monarch retains purely ceremonial [purposes] as head of state and takes no active part in government .

The funding for the increases came from cuts in space and scientific programmes , and from holding many general government functions at or below the level of the previous year .
the funding for the increases came from cuts in space and scientific programmes , and from holding many general government [purposes] at or below the level of the previous year .

Most of those affected managed to avoid closing down state government and making their employees redundant by drawing on their reserves , although 10,000 non-essential state employees were laid off in Maine and 20,000 in Connecticut as state government was temporarily reduced to health and safety functions only .
most of those affected managed to avoid closing down state government and making their employees redundant by drawing on their reserves , although 10,000 non-essential state employees were laid off in maine and 20,000 in connecticut as state government was temporarily reduced to health and safety [purposes] only .

It was believed that many of the functions of Clark Field — including the provision of transit facilities for special operations forces — were to be transferred to the Cubi Point Naval Air Station at Subic Bay .
it was believed that many of the [purposes] of clark field — including the provision of transit facilities for special operations forces — were to be transferred to the cubi point naval air station at subic bay .

The Serbian Assembly approved a law on March 18 which abolished the functions of the Kosovo presidency ( but see below for their restoration ) .
the serbian assembly approved a law on march 18 which abolished the [purposes] of the kosovo presidency ( but see below for their restoration ) .

Sejdo Bajramovic was appointed to succeed Sapunziju as the representative for Kosovo ( whose functions , dismantled only on March 18 , had been summarily restored ) .
sejdo bajramovic was appointed to succeed sapunziju as the representative for kosovo ( whose [purposes] , dismantled only on march 18 , had been summarily restored ) .

On March 21 Michael Heseltine , the Environment Secretary , announced interim results of the outcome of the review of local government structure , functions and finance with which he had been entrusted upon his appointment to the Major government in November 1990 [ see pp. 37839-40 ] .
on march 21 michael heseltine , the environment secretary , announced interim results of the outcome of the review of local government structure , [purposes] and finance with which he had been entrusted upon his appointment to the major government in november 1990 [ see pp. 37839-40 ] .

Delegates also proposed that a president , with ceremonial and executive powers and chosen by the national assembly , should supervise the functions of the Cabinet acting through a prime minister .
delegates also proposed that a president , with ceremonial and executive powers and chosen by the national assembly , should supervise the [purposes] of the cabinet acting through a prime minister .

Functions extended to head all central executive bodies .
[purposes] extended to head all central executive bodies .

The current Governor-General , Sir Veerasamy Ringadoo , would assume the functions of president for a transitional period , the duration of which was not fixed .
the current governor-general , sir veerasamy ringadoo , would assume the [purposes] of president for a transitional period , the duration of which was not fixed .

The reorganization comprised cutting the number of staff based in Moscow from 5,000 to 2,700 ; renaming the Ministry as the Ministry of External Relations , and transferring to it some of the functions of the Ministry of Foreign Economic Relations , which was to be abolished [ see above ] .
the reorganization comprised cutting the number of staff based in moscow from 5,000 to 2,700 ; renaming the ministry as the ministry of external relations , and transferring to it some of the [purposes] of the ministry of foreign economic relations , which was to be abolished [ see above ] .

Relations with China improved at a less dramatic pace , but in October 1990 , after a South Korean team had participated in the Asian Games in Beijing , the two countries signed an unprecedented trade agreement , under which trade offices would be established in each country which would perform limited consular functions and would provide the basis for the eventual normalization of diplomatic relations [ see p. 37779 ] .
relations with china improved at a less dramatic pace , but in october 1990 , after a south korean team had participated in the asian games in beijing , the two countries signed an unprecedented trade agreement , under which trade offices would be established in each country which would perform limited consular [purposes] and would provide the basis for the eventual normalization of diplomatic relations [ see p. 37779 ] .

An official statement said that the functions of the departments of public works , labour and employment , local government , environment and natural resources , tourism , science and technology and social services had all been transferred to the Autonomous Regional Government .
an official statement said that the [purposes] of the departments of public works , labour and employment , local government , environment and natural resources , tourism , science and technology and social services had all been transferred to the autonomous regional government .

The Tongan sovereign is head of state and exercises executive power in conjunction with an appointed 10-member Privy Council which functions as a Cabinet .
the tongan sovereign is head of state and exercises executive power in conjunction with an appointed 10-member privy council which [purposes] as a cabinet .

Constitutionally , the President of the Assembly would assume the functions of the Croatian President should the latter be incapacitated .
constitutionally , the president of the assembly would assume the [purposes] of the croatian president should the latter be incapacitated .

It provided for ( i ) the barter , on the basis of world prices , of 1,000,000 tonnes of Cuban raw sugar for 1,600,000 tonnes of Russian oil in 1993 ; ( ii ) the preservation of Russia 's radio-electronic centre in Cuba , primarily to facilitate diplomatic traffic to North America and with its intelligence functions `` minimized `` ; ( iii ) the supply of Russian components and spare parts for existing Cuban weapons but an end to the export of new types of Russian weapons ; and ( iv ) the resumption of the construction of the Cuban Juraga nuclear power plant halted in September [ see p. 39090 ] , on the condition that the involvement of a third partner ( possibly France ) be agreed by Feb. 1 , 1993 .
it provided for ( i ) the barter , on the basis of world prices , of 1,000,000 tonnes of cuban raw sugar for 1,600,000 tonnes of russian oil in 1993 ; ( ii ) the preservation of russia 's radio-electronic centre in cuba , primarily to facilitate diplomatic traffic to north america and with its intelligence [purposes] `` minimized `` ; ( iii ) the supply of russian components and spare parts for existing cuban weapons but an end to the export of new types of russian weapons ; and ( iv ) the resumption of the construction of the cuban juraga nuclear power plant halted in september [ see p. 39090 ] , on the condition that the involvement of a third partner ( possibly france ) be agreed by feb. 1 , 1993 .

Government functions were to be carried out instead by a Cabinet attached to executive President Islam Karimov [ whose title is given wrongly on p. 37323 as President of the Supreme Soviet ] .
government [purposes] were to be carried out instead by a cabinet attached to executive president islam karimov [ whose title is given wrongly on p. 37323 as president of the supreme soviet ] .

Newly created `` executive delegations `` would carry out the functions of the dissolved councils .
newly created `` executive delegations `` would carry out the [purposes] of the dissolved councils .

On Sept. 23 the Czech National Council had adopted a bill to reorganize ministries , including abolishing the Trade Ministry , whose functions would be divided between the Economics Ministry and the Industry and Trade Ministry .
on sept. 23 the czech national council had adopted a bill to reorganize ministries , including abolishing the trade ministry , whose [purposes] would be divided between the economics ministry and the industry and trade ministry .

Spadolini , as president of the Senate , provisionally assumed presidential powers , while the outgoing government would continue to exercise its functions until a new one could be formed .
spadolini , as president of the senate , provisionally assumed presidential powers , while the outgoing government would continue to exercise its [purposes] until a new one could be formed .

Widespread privatization of farmland , state-owned companies and housing was planned , trade restrictions and controls on retail and wholesale prices would be lifted , and a reformed Bank of Albania would have functions clearly distinguished from the commercial banks .
widespread privatization of farmland , state-owned companies and housing was planned , trade restrictions and controls on retail and wholesale prices would be lifted , and a reformed bank of albania would have [purposes] clearly distinguished from the commercial banks .

On April 21 , 10 ministers issued a statement to the chair of the Supreme Council , Vytautas Landsbergis , referring to Prime Minister Gediminas Vagnorius 's `` dictatorial work style `` , placing in doubt their future co-operation with him and asking the Supreme Council to examine ministerial and Prime Ministerial functions .
on april 21 , 10 ministers issued a statement to the chair of the supreme council , vytautas landsbergis , referring to prime minister gediminas vagnorius 's `` dictatorial work style `` , placing in doubt their future co-operation with him and asking the supreme council to examine ministerial and prime ministerial [purposes] .

In each of the three houses of Parliament there is a Ministers ' Council , each chamber having separate responsibility for the affairs of the population group it represents ( including housing , social welfare , health and education ) , while joint parliamentary responsibility is taken for `` general `` or national affairs ( including foreign policy , defence , finance and law and order ) , each of these functions at national level being reflected in a portfolio in the Cabinet itself .
in each of the three houses of parliament there is a ministers ' council , each chamber having separate responsibility for the affairs of the population group it represents ( including housing , social welfare , health and education ) , while joint parliamentary responsibility is taken for `` general `` or national affairs ( including foreign policy , defence , finance and law and order ) , each of these [purposes] at national level being reflected in a portfolio in the cabinet itself .

They agree with radicals like Illich that modern medical ideologies mask these realities since `` one of the functions of modern medicine is to call unhappiness disease and locate its cause in the unhappy individual not the diseased social system `` ( Oakley 1983 : 106 ) .
they agree with radicals like illich that modern medical ideologies mask these realities since `` one of the [purposes] of modern medicine is to call unhappiness disease and locate its cause in the unhappy individual not the diseased social system `` ( oakley 1983 : 106 ) .

The control and communication functions of middle management become redundant when everyone has access to their own computer terminal .
the control and communication [purposes] of middle management become redundant when everyone has access to their own computer terminal .

Technologies designed to replace or substitute for lost functions will also continue to improve , allowing if not complete recovery at least a greatly improved quality of life for patients .
technologies designed to replace or substitute for lost [purposes] will also continue to improve , allowing if not complete recovery at least a greatly improved quality of life for patients .

The first important step was to separate the purchasing and providing functions and devolve services such as personnel and finance to units .
the first important step was to separate the purchasing and providing [purposes] and devolve services such as personnel and finance to units .

The district made good early progress on separating purchaser–provider functions , needs assessment and contracting , and was involved in early negotiations with other districts on joint purchasing arrangements , but the disruption caused by the merger of the two authorities in late 1990 blocked this momentum .
the district made good early progress on separating purchaser–provider [purposes] , needs assessment and contracting , and was involved in early negotiations with other districts on joint purchasing arrangements , but the disruption caused by the merger of the two authorities in late 1990 blocked this momentum .

Different departments or functions may have different cultures , structures and systems reflecting their specialised activities and ways of working .
different departments or [purposes] may have different cultures , structures and systems reflecting their specialised activities and ways of working .

In their analysis of the Financial Management Initiative in the Civil Service Metcalfe and Richards argue that the government 's attempts to change management in government was based on the `` Taylorist `` view that management is about the control of routine functions within the organisation .
in their analysis of the financial management initiative in the civil service metcalfe and richards argue that the government 's attempts to change management in government was based on the `` taylorist `` view that management is about the control of routine [purposes] within the organisation .

While it has been demonstrated by the work of Piaget and others that , at primary school age , children 's understanding functions at the concrete operational stage , more recent research in primary history has tended to suggest that children 's `` historical `` thinking can be developed and encouraged by certain teaching techniques .
while it has been demonstrated by the work of piaget and others that , at primary school age , children 's understanding [purposes] at the concrete operational stage , more recent research in primary history has tended to suggest that children 's `` historical `` thinking can be developed and encouraged by certain teaching techniques .

Often in theatre in education there is a link person who has a number of key functions , in turn acting as presenter , teacher , questioner , comic relief , sometimes , indeed , pretending not to understand and needing to have points carefully explained .
often in theatre in education there is a link person who has a number of key [purposes] , in turn acting as presenter , teacher , questioner , comic relief , sometimes , indeed , pretending not to understand and needing to have points carefully explained .

We can sum up this discussion of exam questions with the following pieces of guidance ( in Chapter 5 , we consider in more detail how you actually write the passages which perform the functions we suggest here ) : * Write an introductory paragraph , but do n't use it as a way to put off answering the question .
we can sum up this discussion of exam questions with the following pieces of guidance ( in chapter 5 , we consider in more detail how you actually write the passages which perform the [purposes] we suggest here ) : * write an introductory paragraph , but do n't use it as a way to put off answering the question .

These two positions of special prominence have different functions , and contribute to the ordering of given and new information in your writing ( we have seen above how presupposition also contributes to the patterning of given and new , Chapter 3 , p. 65 ) .
these two positions of special prominence have different [purposes] , and contribute to the ordering of given and new information in your writing ( we have seen above how presupposition also contributes to the patterning of given and new , chapter 3 , p. 65 ) .

Tents and marquees have traditionally been used in the grounds of hotels and country clubs for special functions such as receptions and parties .
tents and marquees have traditionally been used in the grounds of hotels and country clubs for special [purposes] such as receptions and parties .

Awnings serve many different functions , from just a shade over a window , to a focal point over an entrance , as well as keeping the concierge dry .
awnings serve many different [purposes] , from just a shade over a window , to a focal point over an entrance , as well as keeping the concierge dry .

But it is not such a quantum leap to understand two cooking media as it is to grasp the principles of some multi-task ovens which appear to have nearly as many functions as the ubiquitous Swiss army knife .
but it is not such a quantum leap to understand two cooking media as it is to grasp the principles of some multi-task ovens which appear to have nearly as many [purposes] as the ubiquitous swiss army knife .

Toughened glass and vitro-ceramics are the most universally suitable containers for all three functions .
toughened glass and vitro-ceramics are the most universally suitable containers for all three [purposes] .

The single lack of intelligent , professional , enforceable legislation has resulted in a hotchpotch of product shapes , materials and functions , has allowed overseas manufacturers to establish footholds , has weakened the market by allowing any sheet metal factory to ‘ knowk out an ‘ ood ’ , and in many cases has put operators , and clients , health and safety at risk .
the single lack of intelligent , professional , enforceable legislation has resulted in a hotchpotch of product shapes , materials and [purposes] , has allowed overseas manufacturers to establish footholds , has weakened the market by allowing any sheet metal factory to ‘ knowk out an ‘ ood ’ , and in many cases has put operators , and clients , health and safety at risk .

It is therefore left to the specialist food service planner to perform the required functions . How does a food service planner do his job ?
it is therefore left to the specialist food service planner to perform the required [purposes] . how does a food service planner do his job ?

All these functions can be combined to give you the advantages of traditional cooking in less than half the normal cooking time .
all these [purposes] can be combined to give you the advantages of traditional cooking in less than half the normal cooking time .

Features to look out for on a commercial microwave oven include a turbo-grill , a convection oven and microwave functions that can reduce cooking times by up to 50 per cent .
features to look out for on a commercial microwave oven include a turbo-grill , a convection oven and microwave [purposes] that can reduce cooking times by up to 50 per cent .

Apart from ensuring a balanced chamber , there is an extra benefit created by these functions — the guarantee of a clean oven chamber to prevent transfer of flavours and odours .
apart from ensuring a balanced chamber , there is an extra benefit created by these [purposes] — the guarantee of a clean oven chamber to prevent transfer of flavours and odours .

Look out for functions that benefit you and the type of catering you offer
look out for [purposes] that benefit you and the type of catering you offer

Once established as the most widely spoken language in the community , the Creole would soon supersede African languages for most functions except , perhaps , religious ones .
once established as the most widely spoken language in the community , the creole would soon supersede african languages for most [purposes] except , perhaps , religious ones .

For example , Gumperz identifies the following functions ( 1982 : 75 – 84 ) : quotations ( using a different code to mark a stretch of quoted speech ) , addressee specification ( choosing a code to pick out one 's intended addressee ) , interjections ( `` sentence fillers `` offset from the the main content of the sentence by a code switch ) , reiteration ( the message content is emphasised by repeating it in the other code ) , message qualification ( the main content of the message is `` qualified `` or adjusted by a clause in the other code ) , personalisation versus objectivisation .
for example , gumperz identifies the following [purposes] ( 1982 : 75 – 84 ) : quotations ( using a different code to mark a stretch of quoted speech ) , addressee specification ( choosing a code to pick out one 's intended addressee ) , interjections ( `` sentence fillers `` offset from the the main content of the sentence by a code switch ) , reiteration ( the message content is emphasised by repeating it in the other code ) , message qualification ( the main content of the message is `` qualified `` or adjusted by a clause in the other code ) , personalisation versus objectivisation .

, which functions to show that she has `` lost `` the date in her memory and needs time to think about it .
, which [purposes] to show that she has `` lost `` the date in her memory and needs time to think about it .

Gumperz warns `` whatever patterning there is in this type of code switching can not be explained by generalized rules relating conversational functions to instances of code use `` ( 1982 : 83 ) .
gumperz warns `` whatever patterning there is in this type of code switching can not be explained by generalized rules relating conversational [purposes] to instances of code use `` ( 1982 : 83 ) .

One among several identifiable functions of code switching in the British Caribbean community is personation — creating or evoking a character by the use of a particular speech style embedded in talk in another style . For example , the " difficult customer " in Chapter 7 , whose actions were presented in Creole by the narrator : Meanwhile , in the same narrative , the " Creole " voice is also used to represent the " difficult customer 's " own words : while a " respectable " near-RP voice is given to the manager :
one among several identifiable [purposes] of code switching in the british caribbean community is personation — creating or evoking a character by the use of a particular speech style embedded in talk in another style . for example , the " difficult customer " in chapter 7 , whose actions were presented in creole by the narrator : meanwhile , in the same narrative , the " creole " voice is also used to represent the " difficult customer 's " own words : while a " respectable " near-rp voice is given to the manager :

( Indeed , a code switch sometimes functions as a mark of this shift ) `` ( 1981 : 151 ) .
( indeed , a code switch sometimes [purposes] as a mark of this shift ) `` ( 1981 : 151 ) .

( 3 ) An alternate Director shall ( except when absent from the United Kingdom ) be entitled to receive notice of meetings of the Directors and shall be entitled to attend and vote as a Director at any such meeting at which the Director appointing him is personally present and generally at such meeting to perform all functions of his appointor as a Director and for the purpose of the proceedings at such meeting the provisions of these Articles shall apply as if he were a Director .
( 3 ) an alternate director shall ( except when absent from the united kingdom ) be entitled to receive notice of meetings of the directors and shall be entitled to attend and vote as a director at any such meeting at which the director appointing him is personally present and generally at such meeting to perform all [purposes] of his appointor as a director and for the purpose of the proceedings at such meeting the provisions of these articles shall apply as if he were a director .

( 3 ) An alternate Director shall ( except when absent from the United Kingdom ) be entitled to receive notice of meetings of the Directors and shall be entitled to attend and vote as a Director at any such meeting at which the Director appointing him is personally present and generally at such meeting to perform all functions of his appointor as a Director and for the purpose of the proceedings at such meeting the provisions of these Articles shall apply as if he were a Director .
( 3 ) an alternate director shall ( except when absent from the united kingdom ) be entitled to receive notice of meetings of the directors and shall be entitled to attend and vote as a director at any such meeting at which the director appointing him is personally present and generally at such meeting to perform all [purposes] of his appointor as a director and for the purpose of the proceedings at such meeting the provisions of these articles shall apply as if he were a director .

As important as any of the functions of popular recreation was the simple element of `` carnival `` introducing moments of release into hard and humdrum lives .
as important as any of the [purposes] of popular recreation was the simple element of `` carnival `` introducing moments of release into hard and humdrum lives .

Country cotton weavers claimed in 1756 to have been long accustomed to meet weekly at a public house to discuss trade matters and that their friendly society or `` box club `` had developed from this and in its turn found itself exercising trade-union functions .
country cotton weavers claimed in 1756 to have been long accustomed to meet weekly at a public house to discuss trade matters and that their friendly society or `` box club `` had developed from this and in its turn found itself exercising trade-union [purposes] .

Later information could score better than the path so far , the estimated score ( extrapolated from the current score ) therefore no longer functions as a reliable upper bound , and so the algorithm is no longer admissible .
later information could score better than the path so far , the estimated score ( extrapolated from the current score ) therefore no longer [purposes] as a reliable upper bound , and so the algorithm is no longer admissible .

Even if copying extends to the structure and other non-literal elements of a program this should not prevent competitors bringing out programs to perform similar functions .
even if copying extends to the structure and other non-literal elements of a program this should not prevent competitors bringing out programs to perform similar [purposes] .

The defendant made similar controllers and used a total of 49 of the plaintiff 's mnemonics arguing that there was no copyright in them because , once the functions had been decided , there was no room for skill and labour in devising the mnemonics .
the defendant made similar controllers and used a total of 49 of the plaintiff 's mnemonics arguing that there was no copyright in them because , once the [purposes] had been decided , there was no room for skill and labour in devising the mnemonics .

The subset containing fabliaux with lavatory humour , tales concerning basic bodily functions of excretion or flatulence , are fewer in number .
the subset containing fabliaux with lavatory humour , tales concerning basic bodily [purposes] of excretion or flatulence , are fewer in number .

The simple realism of any characters in the fabliaux is very limited : often no more than the characters being given recognizable and common social functions .
the simple realism of any characters in the fabliaux is very limited : often no more than the characters being given recognizable and common social [purposes] .

Senior Officers and Flag Officers have considerable official entertaining responsibilities and stewards play a key role at such functions .
senior officers and flag officers have considerable official entertaining responsibilities and stewards play a key role at such [purposes] .

This will begin by allowing four to eight weeks for a new manager to become fully conversant with all aspects of staff functions .
this will begin by allowing four to eight weeks for a new manager to become fully conversant with all aspects of staff [purposes] .

If what Jespersen suggests were true , however , one might expect to to show some tendency to be dropped in the uses where it is `` meaningless `` and there is no sign of this occurring in any of the functions listed either by Buyssens or by Jespersen .
if what jespersen suggests were true , however , one might expect to to show some tendency to be dropped in the uses where it is `` meaningless `` and there is no sign of this occurring in any of the [purposes] listed either by buyssens or by jespersen .

Why functions in almost opposite fashion to how , however , in that whereas the most common use with the latter involves taking for granted the existence of the means ( how to ) , the former is used with the infinitive exclusively in cases where the speaker is questioning the existence of any good reason to perform the event denoted by the infinitive : ( 46 ) Why bother to reply ?
why [purposes] in almost opposite fashion to how , however , in that whereas the most common use with the latter involves taking for granted the existence of the means ( how to ) , the former is used with the infinitive exclusively in cases where the speaker is questioning the existence of any good reason to perform the event denoted by the infinitive : ( 46 ) why bother to reply ?

Category symbols can generally be identified with classes rather than with functions .
category symbols can generally be identified with classes rather than with [purposes] .

This functions as an adjective and therefore qualifies a noun or a pronoun in another clause .
this [purposes] as an adjective and therefore qualifies a noun or a pronoun in another clause .

An approach to teaching and learning , or to the analysis of a language , which concentrates more on communicative than linguistic functions .
an approach to teaching and learning , or to the analysis of a language , which concentrates more on communicative than linguistic [purposes] .

Words derived from a verb stem by means of the suffix -ing may be used in a variety of meanings and functions according to the context in which they occur .
words derived from a verb stem by means of the suffix -ing may be used in a variety of meanings and [purposes] according to the context in which they occur .

During its early years this Church was well supported , thanks to Mrs Still , with social functions for young and old .
during its early years this church was well supported , thanks to mrs still , with social [purposes] for young and old .

Second , many online catalogues do not provide search functions which are powerful or flexible enough to permit exhaustive or precise searching .
second , many online catalogues do not provide search [purposes] which are powerful or flexible enough to permit exhaustive or precise searching .

Finally , even if the subject content of the records were to be greatly enhanced and adequate functionality provided in the search systems , a large proportion of end-users would not be able to make use of the functions .
finally , even if the subject content of the records were to be greatly enhanced and adequate functionality provided in the search systems , a large proportion of end-users would not be able to make use of the [purposes] .

Go out and mix with people — in their homes , at social functions , on public transport , in community activities .
go out and mix with people — in their homes , at social [purposes] , on public transport , in community activities .

These are words of closed , classes which have grammatical functions in the phrase , clause or sentence .
these are words of closed , classes which have grammatical [purposes] in the phrase , clause or sentence .

The dependent clause functions as a substitution item in a frame , the frame being the rest of the sentence .
the dependent clause [purposes] as a substitution item in a frame , the frame being the rest of the sentence .

In some languages certain parts of the body or bodily functions are not mentioned in certain social situations .
in some languages certain parts of the body or bodily [purposes] are not mentioned in certain social situations .

Apart from playing around with shaped blocks or mathematical functions , synthesis tries to achieve something .
apart from playing around with shaped blocks or mathematical [purposes] , synthesis tries to achieve something .

They my also be approximated by the use of composites theory combined with experimentally determined orientation functions ( Ward 1975 ; Seferis et al .
they my also be approximated by the use of composites theory combined with experimentally determined orientation [purposes] ( ward 1975 ; seferis et al .

It is frequently convenient to express functions of the strain tensors in terms of invariant quantities , that is , combinations of the individual components of the strain tensor which do not change their functional form under a change of axes .
it is frequently convenient to express [purposes] of the strain tensors in terms of invariant quantities , that is , combinations of the individual components of the strain tensor which do not change their functional form under a change of axes .

Rivlin 's form of the strain energy functions reduces to the classical quadratic in the when only small strains are involved .
rivlin 's form of the strain energy [purposes] reduces to the classical quadratic in the when only small strains are involved .

Experimental determinations of the relaxation functions
experimental determinations of the relaxation [purposes]

Relaxations as functions of temperature
relaxations as [purposes] of temperature

The general expansion of a functional y in the series with the kernel functions being of the invariable heredity form was used by Green & Rivlin ( 1957 ) to give the general form for the constitutive relation in a non-linear solid :
the general expansion of a functional y in the series with the kernel [purposes] being of the invariable heredity form was used by green & rivlin ( 1957 ) to give the general form for the constitutive relation in a non-linear solid :

For shear , using is a pure shear and a pure shear strain we find the a " and b " standing for functions of the averaged shearing stress and strain components .
for shear , using is a pure shear and a pure shear strain we find the a " and b " standing for [purposes] of the averaged shearing stress and strain components .

( 1976 ) have given expressions for the stiffness tensors for various fibre orientations using a different formalism from ours in which orientation functions and are used and the various integrals in sines and cosines expressed in terms of these .
( 1976 ) have given expressions for the stiffness tensors for various fibre orientations using a different formalism from ours in which orientation [purposes] and are used and the various integrals in sines and cosines expressed in terms of these .

The displacements u , v may be written as simple functions of the continuous coordinates x , y namely Only four coefficients are allowed in this case because there are only four boundary conditions ( the nodal displacements ) for their determination .
the displacements u , v may be written as simple [purposes] of the continuous coordinates x , y namely only four coefficients are allowed in this case because there are only four boundary conditions ( the nodal displacements ) for their determination .

This dome is a wonder of man 's sheer boldness in creativity and a product of the awe-inspiring Kubla Khan , but it also functions as a metaphor for the conscious mind .
this dome is a wonder of man 's sheer boldness in creativity and a product of the awe-inspiring kubla khan , but it also [purposes] as a metaphor for the conscious mind .

In effect , then , a Diocesan Assembly has two functions .
in effect , then , a diocesan assembly has two [purposes] .

The isolated arterially perfused rat pancreas model was used to evaluate effects on exocrine and endocrine pancreatic functions .
the isolated arterially perfused rat pancreas model was used to evaluate effects on exocrine and endocrine pancreatic [purposes] .

Treatment with indomethacin at a dose of 2 mg/kg twice daily had no influence on pancreatic functions .
treatment with indomethacin at a dose of 2 mg/kg twice daily had no influence on pancreatic [purposes] .

Polyunsaturated fatty acids have essential biological functions .
polyunsaturated fatty acids have essential biological [purposes] .

It has been demonstrated that in vitro manipulation of fatty acid composition of lymphocytes can alter immune functions , such as cytotoxicity , antibody response , or cell to cell recognition .
it has been demonstrated that in vitro manipulation of fatty acid composition of lymphocytes can alter immune [purposes] , such as cytotoxicity , antibody response , or cell to cell recognition .

The fact that pentagastrin increased platelet activating factor precursors would suggest that platelet activating factor may have a role in the gastric functions , in particular gastric acid secretion .
the fact that pentagastrin increased platelet activating factor precursors would suggest that platelet activating factor may have a role in the gastric [purposes] , in particular gastric acid secretion .

Of the various neutrophil functions — namely adherence , aggregation , orientation , locomotion , and chemotaxis — few are better defined and understood than the sequence of events when the neurtophil comes into contact with a chemoattractant .
of the various neutrophil [purposes] — namely adherence , aggregation , orientation , locomotion , and chemotaxis — few are better defined and understood than the sequence of events when the neurtophil comes into contact with a chemoattractant .

Myopathy , non-ketotic hypoglycemia , disturbed liver functions and encephalopathy , which are clinical features of carnitine deficiency , are also among the rare extraintestinal manifestations of coeliac disease .
myopathy , non-ketotic hypoglycemia , disturbed liver [purposes] and encephalopathy , which are clinical features of carnitine deficiency , are also among the rare extraintestinal manifestations of coeliac disease .

The logarithms of both adenoma and carcinoma quotients in all cases were found to be linear functions of age , sex , and pseudomelanosis coli .
the logarithms of both adenoma and carcinoma quotients in all cases were found to be linear [purposes] of age , sex , and pseudomelanosis coli .

Gall bladder epithelial cells serve numerous biological functions and abnormalities in their function are important in the pathogenesis of several gall bladder diseases .
gall bladder epithelial cells serve numerous biological [purposes] and abnormalities in their function are important in the pathogenesis of several gall bladder diseases .

The development of a simple and reliable method of obtaining and culturing gall bladder epithelial cells from a readily available source would permit a detailed study of the biological functions of these cells and would contribute to our understanding of the pathophysiology of diseases of the biliary tree .
the development of a simple and reliable method of obtaining and culturing gall bladder epithelial cells from a readily available source would permit a detailed study of the biological [purposes] of these cells and would contribute to our understanding of the pathophysiology of diseases of the biliary tree .

There is good evidence that gastrointestinal motor functions become impaired as diabetic patients develop autonomic neuropathy .
there is good evidence that gastrointestinal motor [purposes] become impaired as diabetic patients develop autonomic neuropathy .

Since the acquisition , a restructuring of the marketing and finance functions has provided increased focus for this business which is well placed to take full advantage of the developing Mexican economy .
since the acquisition , a restructuring of the marketing and finance [purposes] has provided increased focus for this business which is well placed to take full advantage of the developing mexican economy .

After some debate , it was considered that there were insufficient residual functions remaining to justify continuation of the Committee .
after some debate , it was considered that there were insufficient residual [purposes] remaining to justify continuation of the committee .

In consequence , they moved , at Party functions , within a cordon sanitaire .
in consequence , they moved , at party [purposes] , within a cordon sanitaire .

The fact that he was black and a Tory gave him a value out of proportion to his contribution to the local Party , so he was frequently trotted out at functions , and encouraged to ask questions of visiting speakers .
the fact that he was black and a tory gave him a value out of proportion to his contribution to the local party , so he was frequently trotted out at [purposes] , and encouraged to ask questions of visiting speakers .

There are functions to attend , after-dinner speeches to be made .
there are [purposes] to attend , after-dinner speeches to be made .

He had either supported Michael Heseltine in his leadership bid ( ‘ disloyal to dear Mrs Thatcher ’ ) or had failed to turn up to a multitude of constituency functions , wine and cheeses , bring and buys .
he had either supported michael heseltine in his leadership bid ( ‘ disloyal to dear mrs thatcher ’ ) or had failed to turn up to a multitude of constituency [purposes] , wine and cheeses , bring and buys .

Idly , David leafed through the list of functions , pleasures and invitations which Carole had left on her bedside table .
idly , david leafed through the list of [purposes] , pleasures and invitations which carole had left on her bedside table .

Do you consider your job specification ( the functions you are expected to carry out ) exploit your strengths ? Do any problems exist in relation to your job specification ?
do you consider your job specification ( the [purposes] you are expected to carry out ) exploit your strengths ? do any problems exist in relation to your job specification ?

The three main company functions described in Chapter 1 are elements in this loop , sometimes as individuals and sometimes in collaboration .
the three main company [purposes] described in chapter 1 are elements in this loop , sometimes as individuals and sometimes in collaboration .

Each function embraces three vertical columns , the centre one on its own and the other two shared with the other functions .
each function embraces three vertical columns , the centre one on its own and the other two shared with the other [purposes] .

This calls for high levels of skill in design and production and the necessity for the two functions to co-operate to produce an optimum result .
this calls for high levels of skill in design and production and the necessity for the two [purposes] to co-operate to produce an optimum result .

Representatives of other functions such as marketing , finance , materials management , servicing and quality assurance are co-opted as required to deal with specific problems .
representatives of other [purposes] such as marketing , finance , materials management , servicing and quality assurance are co-opted as required to deal with specific problems .

Each member is encouraged to speculate on alternative methods of performing the functions at lower cost .
each member is encouraged to speculate on alternative methods of performing the [purposes] at lower cost .

The analysis of function requires concise and unambiguous definition of the functions performed by the part investigated .
the analysis of function requires concise and unambiguous definition of the [purposes] performed by the part investigated .

The functions are listed horizontally and the parts vertically .
the [purposes] are listed horizontally and the parts vertically .

The lowest row provides for identifying high-cost functions that should be given special attention .
the lowest row provides for identifying high-cost [purposes] that should be given special attention .

The costing of functions is done by estimating the proportion of the part cost that can notionally be attributed to each function to which it contributes .
the costing of [purposes] is done by estimating the proportion of the part cost that can notionally be attributed to each function to which it contributes .

The cost , including the opportunity cost , of value analysing existing products and implementing the results is significant and involves people from a wide range of company functions .
the cost , including the opportunity cost , of value analysing existing products and implementing the results is significant and involves people from a wide range of company [purposes] .

The culture seems to prefer low-risk projects — no research and informal interaction between functions — high scores for production involvement in design mean increased formality .
the culture seems to prefer low-risk projects — no research and informal interaction between [purposes] — high scores for production involvement in design mean increased formality .

The terms of contract , costing , pricing and the delivery promise will be among the aspects of the task that overlap with other company functions as illustrated in Figure 1.1 .
the terms of contract , costing , pricing and the delivery promise will be among the aspects of the task that overlap with other company [purposes] as illustrated in figure 1.1 .

Getting acceptance of the technical specification by these functions is the first hurdle for the project manager ; the process should be viewed as a form of insurance that the proposals are not going to give rise to problems in these areas , not as unwarranted interference with the job .
getting acceptance of the technical specification by these [purposes] is the first hurdle for the project manager ; the process should be viewed as a form of insurance that the proposals are not going to give rise to problems in these areas , not as unwarranted interference with the job .

This is one of the main reasons for the statement that an engineer can only do his own job well if he understands those of the other functions in his company .
this is one of the main reasons for the statement that an engineer can only do his own job well if he understands those of the other [purposes] in his company .

All the company functions associated with any of the activities in the stage are allocated to the rows and identified down the left-hand side .
all the company [purposes] associated with any of the activities in the stage are allocated to the rows and identified down the left-hand side .

There is thus the initial data for work load planning for all functions involved comprising activity description , its approximate timing , a list of the other functions involved and the identity of the co-ordinator .
there is thus the initial data for work load planning for all [purposes] involved comprising activity description , its approximate timing , a list of the other [purposes] involved and the identity of the co-ordinator .

Aggregating this data for all projects indicates the total work load by functions ; staggering the projects in time allows most efficient use of resources .
aggregating this data for all projects indicates the total work load by [purposes] ; staggering the projects in time allows most efficient use of resources .

Involving all relevant functions in discussion and decision lays many misconceptions to rest at all levels and generates a helpful commitment to the system .
involving all relevant [purposes] in discussion and decision lays many misconceptions to rest at all levels and generates a helpful commitment to the system .

Value engineering , as described in Chapter 7 , is a structured method of considering the functions and costs of a product together in order to provide overall improvement in value , providing benefits for both user and manufacturer .
value engineering , as described in chapter 7 , is a structured method of considering the [purposes] and costs of a product together in order to provide overall improvement in value , providing benefits for both user and manufacturer .

This states that whatever the forms , organization and functions that a company believes it has , unless these correspond to the norms and expectations of the local culture they will remain purely superficial window dressing .
this states that whatever the forms , organization and [purposes] that a company believes it has , unless these correspond to the norms and expectations of the local culture they will remain purely superficial window dressing .

They will perform some of the same functions , but they will not be an exact replacement for traditional trams .
they will perform some of the same [purposes] , but they will not be an exact replacement for traditional trams .

When judges perform this essential constitutional role , their task is not to usurp the administrator 's functions , nor to stultify good government by imposing legalistic requirements upon him .
when judges perform this essential constitutional role , their task is not to usurp the administrator 's [purposes] , nor to stultify good government by imposing legalistic requirements upon him .

The most likely explanation for the recent record levels of libel awards is that juries have confused these two functions , and part of the blame must lie with judges for having failed adequately to explain to juries the purpose of their damages award .
the most likely explanation for the recent record levels of libel awards is that juries have confused these two [purposes] , and part of the blame must lie with judges for having failed adequately to explain to juries the purpose of their damages award .

It seems to be a general feature of evolution that new functions are performed by organs which arise , not de novo , but as modifications of pre-existing organs .
it seems to be a general feature of evolution that new [purposes] are performed by organs which arise , not de novo , but as modifications of pre-existing organs .

Hence , if the neutral theory is true , we expect those proteins with the most complex and precise functions to evolve slowest .
hence , if the neutral theory is true , we expect those proteins with the most complex and precise [purposes] to evolve slowest .

If only because of its sheer size , it is plausible that the cortex is important as a physical basis for higher mental functions .
if only because of its sheer size , it is plausible that the cortex is important as a physical basis for higher mental [purposes] .

In Epping Forest also verderers are still appointed : their appointment and functions have been reconstituted by the Epping Forest Act of 1878 .
in epping forest also verderers are still appointed : their appointment and [purposes] have been reconstituted by the epping forest act of 1878 .

The epitaph upon the old Forest system was finally written in the Wild Creatures and Forest Laws Act of 1971 , which abolished the sovereign 's prerogative right to wild creatures ( except royal fish and swans ) , and abrogated the Forest law , except in so far as it relates to the appointment and functions of verderers .
the epitaph upon the old forest system was finally written in the wild creatures and forest laws act of 1971 , which abolished the sovereign 's prerogative right to wild creatures ( except royal fish and swans ) , and abrogated the forest law , except in so far as it relates to the appointment and [purposes] of verderers .

Her sole functions — to return annually to Møn , and to acknowledge her Jewishness .
her sole [purposes] — to return annually to møn , and to acknowledge her jewishness .

The idea that a design should fulfil required functions to maximum efficiency , unprejudiced by past practice , opinion or fashion , has achieved massive successes , particularly in the design of multiples and mass production .
the idea that a design should fulfil required [purposes] to maximum efficiency , unprejudiced by past practice , opinion or fashion , has achieved massive successes , particularly in the design of multiples and mass production .

( These two functions ought to be separate .
( these two [purposes] ought to be separate .

Meet them with a local businessman or at other functions .
meet them with a local businessman or at other [purposes] .

We shall consider its three main functions : first to offer an explanation , based on the Christian faith , of the nature of death , understood as part of mankind 's lot in a ‘ post fall ’ world ; second , to demonstrate the love of the church by offering comprehensive support to the bereaved ; and third to provide an easily available source of ritual which is necessary in any society for the public recognition and containment of grief .
we shall consider its three main [purposes] : first to offer an explanation , based on the christian faith , of the nature of death , understood as part of mankind 's lot in a ‘ post fall ’ world ; second , to demonstrate the love of the church by offering comprehensive support to the bereaved ; and third to provide an easily available source of ritual which is necessary in any society for the public recognition and containment of grief .

There is of course a much heard debate about the fees and the services of the church , with people holding different views about whether or not there should be a charge for functions like funerals , but for the moment we are more concerned with how the ‘ consumers ’ experience the way the church 's representative reaches out to them at their time of crisis .
there is of course a much heard debate about the fees and the services of the church , with people holding different views about whether or not there should be a charge for [purposes] like funerals , but for the moment we are more concerned with how the ‘ consumers ’ experience the way the church 's representative reaches out to them at their time of crisis .

One of the functions of that difficult process is to provide a ritualistic framework within which people can function .
one of the [purposes] of that difficult process is to provide a ritualistic framework within which people can function .

Physically and emotionally exhausted groups of people sit round the bed of the ill person feeling quite unable to leave even though they may have children at home or jobs to go to or a multitude of other functions .
physically and emotionally exhausted groups of people sit round the bed of the ill person feeling quite unable to leave even though they may have children at home or jobs to go to or a multitude of other [purposes] .

According to rumours circulating in Würzburg , Party representatives in Nuremberg were finding it difficult to carry out their functions following the recent raids on the city .
according to rumours circulating in würzburg , party representatives in nuremberg were finding it difficult to carry out their [purposes] following the recent raids on the city .

But for the activists in the Party and its affiliates , the integratory and mobilizing functions of the ‘ Hitler myth ’ were not confined to support for current attainments , but rested on the incorporation in Hitler of the ‘ idea ’ of Nazism itself , determining future utopias to be won as well as past glories achieved .
but for the activists in the party and its affiliates , the integratory and mobilizing [purposes] of the ‘ hitler myth ’ were not confined to support for current attainments , but rested on the incorporation in hitler of the ‘ idea ’ of nazism itself , determining future utopias to be won as well as past glories achieved .

As saints became ubiquitous , they also changed their functions .
as saints became ubiquitous , they also changed their [purposes] .

Moreover , when we speak of the perceived function of reformed monasteries , we do not mean primarily their economic functions as efficient optimizers of agrarian wealth , or even their cultivation of knowledge and production of books .
moreover , when we speak of the perceived function of reformed monasteries , we do not mean primarily their economic [purposes] as efficient optimizers of agrarian wealth , or even their cultivation of knowledge and production of books .

Coinage can also perform all the common functions of money , of which there are several in a typical market-based economy .
coinage can also perform all the common [purposes] of money , of which there are several in a typical market-based economy .

Most industrious of all was the Princess Royal , who appeared at 737 functions on official business .
most industrious of all was the princess royal , who appeared at 737 [purposes] on official business .

Except for an entitlement to a police car and driver when attending official functions , they receive no formal allowances .
except for an entitlement to a police car and driver when attending official [purposes] , they receive no formal allowances .

These are the inorganic elements in the diet , and although they are only needed in tiny amounts , they have very important functions .
these are the inorganic elements in the diet , and although they are only needed in tiny amounts , they have very important [purposes] .

The functions of food
the [purposes] of food

However , here is a very brief summary outlining the functions of food .
however , here is a very brief summary outlining the [purposes] of food .

If your food and drink supplies you with exactly enough fuel to maintain your body 's activities ( the energy required to keep the vital functions going , and also for muscular work ) then you will stay at a constant weight .
if your food and drink supplies you with exactly enough fuel to maintain your body 's activities ( the energy required to keep the vital [purposes] going , and also for muscular work ) then you will stay at a constant weight .

The habit of mind which opposes family and state , and which gives the family a special position in the organization of a polity , is not solely Libyan : strongly étatique societies have often tried to abolish or limit the institution of the family ; and the attempts by government to regulate family life by intervening to increase or to decrease births , by altering rules of inheritance , by inhibiting or encouraging kinship corporations , are so familiar that they are taken to be natural functions of the state .
the habit of mind which opposes family and state , and which gives the family a special position in the organization of a polity , is not solely libyan : strongly étatique societies have often tried to abolish or limit the institution of the family ; and the attempts by government to regulate family life by intervening to increase or to decrease births , by altering rules of inheritance , by inhibiting or encouraging kinship corporations , are so familiar that they are taken to be natural [purposes] of the state .

Soma , or body , and bodily functions , were regarded as unclean or shameful .
soma , or body , and bodily [purposes] , were regarded as unclean or shameful .

The sacred and the profane are both functions of the same impossible yearning .
the sacred and the profane are both [purposes] of the same impossible yearning .

The whole profession functions much as it does today , but with one crucial difference : most of what they believe is nonsense .
the whole profession [purposes] much as it does today , but with one crucial difference : most of what they believe is nonsense .

Lima 's politicians may rue their election strategy of branding Fujimori , the son of Japanese immigrants , a ‘ foreigner ’ , for the Quechua-speaking majority in the Andean highlands , estranged from a state apparatus that functions in Spanish , sympathised with the man they nicknamed the ‘ Little Chinaman ’ .
lima 's politicians may rue their election strategy of branding fujimori , the son of japanese immigrants , a ‘ foreigner ’ , for the quechua-speaking majority in the andean highlands , estranged from a state apparatus that [purposes] in spanish , sympathised with the man they nicknamed the ‘ little chinaman ’ .

The offices are frequently used for functions , but for the first time in three months there were no special events on Friday .
the offices are frequently used for [purposes] , but for the first time in three months there were no special events on friday .

Women , though at one time excluded from most public functions , were never by reason merely of their sex in a substantially different position from men as regards criminal liability , property and contract , if we except the rule ( now nearly obsolete ) which prefers males to females in the succession to real estate on intestacy .
women , though at one time excluded from most public [purposes] , were never by reason merely of their sex in a substantially different position from men as regards criminal liability , property and contract , if we except the rule ( now nearly obsolete ) which prefers males to females in the succession to real estate on intestacy .

those who are not British citizens , are excluded from public office and public functions such as the parliamentary franchise .
those who are not british citizens , are excluded from public office and public [purposes] such as the parliamentary franchise .

It also includes the ozone layer , the protective functions of forests and wetlands , the waste-assimilating functions of rivers and oceans , and the store of biological diversity .
it also includes the ozone layer , the protective [purposes] of forests and wetlands , the waste-assimilating [purposes] of rivers and oceans , and the store of biological diversity .

The assemblymen have precious few functions to perform for their $ 4,000-a-month salaries and free board and lodging ; they merely meet every six years to elect a new president and vice-president .
the assemblymen have precious few [purposes] to perform for their $ 4,000-a-month salaries and free board and lodging ; they merely meet every six years to elect a new president and vice-president .

Each team specialises in a set of functions — eg , handling text or drawing graphs .
each team specialises in a set of [purposes] — eg , handling text or drawing graphs .

It is necessary to improve the quality of the party 's leaders , and to separate the functions of party and state .
it is necessary to improve the quality of the party 's leaders , and to separate the [purposes] of party and state .

Even word processing functions such as Search and Copy are hardly significant for the tiny quantity of text usually involved .
even word processing [purposes] such as search and copy are hardly significant for the tiny quantity of text usually involved .

Alongside their traditional functions ( which grow ever harder to explain to a public caught up in the excitement of recent developments ) , they offer a general reassurance against unpleasant surprises ; a brake on events which could otherwise outstrip our power to control them .
alongside their traditional [purposes] ( which grow ever harder to explain to a public caught up in the excitement of recent developments ) , they offer a general reassurance against unpleasant surprises ; a brake on events which could otherwise outstrip our power to control them .

He also took over some national functions handled now by the Metropolitan Police — Interpol , the paedophile index , public sector corruption , counterfeit currency , data on product contamination , kidnap and extortion and the research unit of the stolen vehicle squad .
he also took over some national [purposes] handled now by the metropolitan police — interpol , the paedophile index , public sector corruption , counterfeit currency , data on product contamination , kidnap and extortion and the research unit of the stolen vehicle squad .

Instead of applications saturated with functions which most users will never need , Microsoft , Lotus and their rivals are starting to produce products which are easy to learn and use .
instead of applications saturated with [purposes] which most users will never need , microsoft , lotus and their rivals are starting to produce products which are easy to learn and use .

The old drawing-room in the Manor House may be booked for lectures , meetings and social functions .
the old drawing-room in the manor house may be booked for lectures , meetings and social [purposes] .

The sponges are an important group of many-celled organisms , with the individual cells specialized for particular functions but rather loosely aggregated .
the sponges are an important group of many-celled organisms , with the individual cells specialized for particular [purposes] but rather loosely aggregated .

Segmentation , too , has proved very versatile ; individual pairs of legs , or appendages , can be specialized for particular functions without affecting the routine business of locomotion taken by the others ; appendages are modified for feeding in a host of ways , for grasping , swimming , spinning , copulating , cleaning or camouflaging .
segmentation , too , has proved very versatile ; individual pairs of legs , or appendages , can be specialized for particular [purposes] without affecting the routine business of locomotion taken by the others ; appendages are modified for feeding in a host of ways , for grasping , swimming , spinning , copulating , cleaning or camouflaging .

Most animals today do seem to have bodies that accord well with the functions they have to carry out to survive : flyers are aerodynamically efficient , active swimmers have suitable streamlining , herbivorous mammals have teeth appropriate for grinding plant food , and so on .
most animals today do seem to have bodies that accord well with the [purposes] they have to carry out to survive : flyers are aerodynamically efficient , active swimmers have suitable streamlining , herbivorous mammals have teeth appropriate for grinding plant food , and so on .

Ideally one could construct a model of the fossil to test out these various functions in experiments , but the number of examples where the analysis has been pursued this far are limited .
ideally one could construct a model of the fossil to test out these various [purposes] in experiments , but the number of examples where the analysis has been pursued this far are limited .

This elegant summary serves as a useful description of what the functions of a parliament should be , even though the text in question is specifically about Westminster .
this elegant summary serves as a useful description of what the [purposes] of a parliament should be , even though the text in question is specifically about westminster .

Their increasing problem is that more and more lesser functions are being devolved downwards but without the resources to provide them .
their increasing problem is that more and more lesser [purposes] are being devolved downwards but without the resources to provide them .

With 23 branches throughout the United Kingdom , and more being established , the Institute offers members the opportunity to discuss export subjects with other experienced practitioners and to enjoy social functions with them from time to time .
with 23 branches throughout the united kingdom , and more being established , the institute offers members the opportunity to discuss export subjects with other experienced practitioners and to enjoy social [purposes] with them from time to time .

Our economy currently functions unsustainably , producing unacceptable levels of pollution and rates of resource depletion .
our economy currently [purposes] unsustainably , producing unacceptable levels of pollution and rates of resource depletion .

We will establish a Ministry for Justice , merging the relevant functions of the Home Office and the Lord Chancellor 's Department .
we will establish a ministry for justice , merging the relevant [purposes] of the home office and the lord chancellor 's department .

Economic development , housing , health , social services , roads and public transport , education and planning are functions which should be devolved from Whitehall and brought nearer the people they most affect .
economic development , housing , health , social services , roads and public transport , education and planning are [purposes] which should be devolved from whitehall and brought nearer the people they most affect .

The bar beside the large pool and sun terrace functions from June to August and serves snacks and drinks at a reasonable price throughout the day .
the bar beside the large pool and sun terrace [purposes] from june to august and serves snacks and drinks at a reasonable price throughout the day .

If managerial functions are to be carried out both efficiently and effectively , then it is a prerequisite that high quality information is available to inform decision making at the various managerial levels . Laudon and Laudon ( 1988 p. vii ) draw attention to this dependence on the type and quality of information provided :
if managerial [purposes] are to be carried out both efficiently and effectively , then it is a prerequisite that high quality information is available to inform decision making at the various managerial levels . laudon and laudon ( 1988 p. vii ) draw attention to this dependence on the type and quality of information provided :

Hofstede ( 1968 ) sees the four basic functions of budgets as authorising , forecasting , planning and measuring .
hofstede ( 1968 ) sees the four basic [purposes] of budgets as authorising , forecasting , planning and measuring .

Simkins and Lancaster ( 1987 , p. 10 ) summarise the functions of budgets in Figure 4.2 .
simkins and lancaster ( 1987 , p. 10 ) summarise the [purposes] of budgets in figure 4.2 .

Davis further suggests that these different levels of management may concentrate on different budgetary functions as represented in the matrix in figure 4.4 .
davis further suggests that these different levels of management may concentrate on different budgetary [purposes] as represented in the matrix in figure 4.4 .

An alternative grouping of the functions of budgets is provided by Simkins and Lancaster ( 1983 ) .
an alternative grouping of the [purposes] of budgets is provided by simkins and lancaster ( 1983 ) .

They divide these functions between operational and strategic activities , although a better categorisation could be functional and managerial activities .
they divide these [purposes] between operational and strategic activities , although a better categorisation could be functional and managerial activities .

It is proposed to take the seven functions of budgets on pages 49/50 as the first dimension of a matrix structure to which either the rational economic or a political model can be applied in order to form the second dimension .
it is proposed to take the seven [purposes] of budgets on pages 49/50 as the first dimension of a matrix structure to which either the rational economic or a political model can be applied in order to form the second dimension .

These key factors combine with the seven functions of budgets to produce the framework shown in Figure 4.5 .
these key factors combine with the seven [purposes] of budgets to produce the framework shown in figure 4.5 .

Individuals often deploy enormous amounts of energy to relatively little effect because they are carrying out functions for which they have not been trained or which are inappropriate to their status .
individuals often deploy enormous amounts of energy to relatively little effect because they are carrying out [purposes] for which they have not been trained or which are inappropriate to their status .

Secondly , quality is achieved through effective teams where the outcomes of inter- and intra-team relationships are as significant as the technical functions of the teams .
secondly , quality is achieved through effective teams where the outcomes of inter- and intra-team relationships are as significant as the technical [purposes] of the teams .

There is clearly no general agreement within the education system as to what the functions of the headteacher are ; it therefore becomes difficult , if not impossible , to generate criteria for effectiveness . An analysis of the traditional functions of heads might produce the following list :
there is clearly no general agreement within the education system as to what the [purposes] of the headteacher are ; it therefore becomes difficult , if not impossible , to generate criteria for effectiveness . an analysis of the traditional [purposes] of heads might produce the following list :

The crucial determinant of team effectiveness is the extent to which teams are deliberately created and managed to be the means by which the organisation functions as opposed to being purely symbolic structures .
the crucial determinant of team effectiveness is the extent to which teams are deliberately created and managed to be the means by which the organisation [purposes] as opposed to being purely symbolic structures .

Once initial aims and objectives are established then all other processes and outcomes are functions of , and subordinate to , them .
once initial aims and objectives are established then all other processes and outcomes are [purposes] of , and subordinate to , them .

How are sub-units co-ordinated ? For example , is the division between academic and pastoral functions appropriate and is a departmental structure appropriate to managing cross-curricular factors , especially when the pupil experience is not divided into compartments ?
how are sub-units co-ordinated ? for example , is the division between academic and pastoral [purposes] appropriate and is a departmental structure appropriate to managing cross-curricular factors , especially when the pupil experience is not divided into compartments ?

The uses of plants are legion : for medicine , for food and drink , for domestic , agricultural and seafaring purposes , for magical functions , or simply for luck .
the uses of plants are legion : for medicine , for food and drink , for domestic , agricultural and seafaring purposes , for magical [purposes] , or simply for luck .

We will establish , in the lifetime of a full Parliament , an elected Welsh Assembly in Cardiff with powers and functions which reflect the existing administrative structure .
we will establish , in the lifetime of a full parliament , an elected welsh assembly in cardiff with powers and [purposes] which reflect the existing administrative structure .

It is really impossible for someone not technically qualified , or who was not at the time encouraged to understand more than a very limited aspect of its functions , to analyse the workings of the apparatus .
it is really impossible for someone not technically qualified , or who was not at the time encouraged to understand more than a very limited aspect of its [purposes] , to analyse the workings of the apparatus .

But many kinds of bacteria in nature form elaborate colonies , often quite visible to the naked eye , in which different individuals perform different functions , so that the whole colony functions as if it were a single organism .
but many kinds of bacteria in nature form elaborate colonies , often quite visible to the naked eye , in which different individuals perform different [purposes] , so that the whole colony [purposes] as if it were a single organism .

These are discrete structures that carry out specific functions .
these are discrete structures that carry out specific [purposes] .

The interesting question is not whether such functions exist , for they are clearly implied in the phenomena we call behaviour .
the interesting question is not whether such [purposes] exist , for they are clearly implied in the phenomena we call behaviour .

Man has a biologically unique history defined by an extreme development of complexity in his cognitive functions , perceiving remembering , analysing , states of awareness , and communicating .
man has a biologically unique history defined by an extreme development of complexity in his cognitive [purposes] , perceiving remembering , analysing , states of awareness , and communicating .

There is little doubt that higher cognitive functions are associated with complex social life and elaborate means of communication .
there is little doubt that higher cognitive [purposes] are associated with complex social life and elaborate means of communication .

Mind … is known by its functions .
mind … is known by its [purposes] .

Hobhouse , in these paragraphs , was using the word ‘ mind ’ to refer particularly to a knowing capacity that functions in the construction of effective policies of behaviour with respect to individual and group survival and reproduction .
hobhouse , in these paragraphs , was using the word ‘ mind ’ to refer particularly to a knowing capacity that [purposes] in the construction of effective policies of behaviour with respect to individual and group survival and reproduction .

If we are to comprehend how this has come about , we need to start with some simple modelling of the relations between mental functions .
if we are to comprehend how this has come about , we need to start with some simple modelling of the relations between mental [purposes] .

In considering the maintenance and reproductive functions of an advanced organism , we find that there is an especially pronounced development of the capacity to correlate classes of information originating from the environment , not only with one another , but also with information arising from monitoring the interior metabolic condition . This enhancement leads on to new stages in cognitive complexity :
in considering the maintenance and reproductive [purposes] of an advanced organism , we find that there is an especially pronounced development of the capacity to correlate classes of information originating from the environment , not only with one another , but also with information arising from monitoring the interior metabolic condition . this enhancement leads on to new stages in cognitive complexity :

In addition to maintaining levels of crude energy from sugars , it includes the maintenance of complex chemicals basic to neuronal functions as well as the efficiency of the endocrine system .
in addition to maintaining levels of crude energy from sugars , it includes the maintenance of complex chemicals basic to neuronal [purposes] as well as the efficiency of the endocrine system .

Both of these depend on the capacity of organisms to integrate previously separated functions through the imposition of a superordinate system relating its subordinate parts ; and this requires the open transfer of information between those parts .
both of these depend on the capacity of organisms to integrate previously separated [purposes] through the imposition of a superordinate system relating its subordinate parts ; and this requires the open transfer of information between those parts .

Cells become elaborated into tissues , tissues into organs , colonies become individuals ; organisms relate in societies that in many respects replicate the functions of individual organisms .
cells become elaborated into tissues , tissues into organs , colonies become individuals ; organisms relate in societies that in many respects replicate the [purposes] of individual organisms .

Jaynes in fact argues that the shift to self-critical awareness involved a major alteration in the use of the brain with a new emphasis on the analytical functions of the right hemisphere and the subordination of the more holistic left ( see Chapter 11 ) .
jaynes in fact argues that the shift to self-critical awareness involved a major alteration in the use of the brain with a new emphasis on the analytical [purposes] of the right hemisphere and the subordination of the more holistic left ( see chapter 11 ) .

Symbolization is involved not only in the psychic functions of reason but also in all forms of selective attention and perception , dreams and fantasy , and in imagination .
symbolization is involved not only in the psychic [purposes] of reason but also in all forms of selective attention and perception , dreams and fantasy , and in imagination .

It is precisely the integration of cybernetic mechanisms in a hierarchical order that enables animals to develop the more complex cognitive functions .
it is precisely the integration of cybernetic mechanisms in a hierarchical order that enables animals to develop the more complex cognitive [purposes] .

Jean Piaget , in arguing that cognitive mechanisms constitute the actual organs of regulation during exchanges with the environment , emphasizes that the development of complexity arises through the assimilation of new functions on to older structures .
jean piaget , in arguing that cognitive mechanisms constitute the actual organs of regulation during exchanges with the environment , emphasizes that the development of complexity arises through the assimilation of new [purposes] on to older structures .

Clutton-Brock ( 1974 ) , for example , using finer instruments and methods than the earlier work , and applying it to species contrasts , was able to show that differences between two colobus species living in the same forest were functions of their feeding ecology .
clutton-brock ( 1974 ) , for example , using finer instruments and methods than the earlier work , and applying it to species contrasts , was able to show that differences between two colobus species living in the same forest were [purposes] of their feeding ecology .

The underlying functions and motivational causation are , however , different , for the chimpanzee 's behaviour does not occur in the same setting of structured kinship and family relations as happens in man .
the underlying [purposes] and motivational causation are , however , different , for the chimpanzee 's behaviour does not occur in the same setting of structured kinship and family relations as happens in man .

One of the functions of grooming lies in the causal relation between interactions and mutual support .
one of the [purposes] of grooming lies in the causal relation between interactions and mutual support .

One of the central functions of drama is thereby distorted ( p. 153 ) .
one of the central [purposes] of drama is thereby distorted ( p. 153 ) .

The most subtle strategy available to a teacher is that of teacher-in-role , for this device is flexible enough to have any one of the three functions ; it can take the pupils ' attention off themselves by allowing them passively or actively to use teacher 's role as a projection , or it can be non-projective and challenge the pupils to interact .
the most subtle strategy available to a teacher is that of teacher-in-role , for this device is flexible enough to have any one of the three [purposes] ; it can take the pupils ' attention off themselves by allowing them passively or actively to use teacher 's role as a projection , or it can be non-projective and challenge the pupils to interact .

Many of the functions of government have been devolved from Whitehall .
many of the [purposes] of government have been devolved from whitehall .

We will continue to reorganise central government in tune with its modern role , while devolving and contracting-out executive functions .
we will continue to reorganise central government in tune with its modern role , while devolving and contracting-out executive [purposes] .

We will establish a new Environment Agency which will bring together the functions of the National Rivers Authority , Her Majesty 's Inspectorate of Pollution and the waste regulation functions of local authorities .
we will establish a new environment agency which will bring together the [purposes] of the national rivers authority , her majesty 's inspectorate of pollution and the waste regulation [purposes] of local authorities .

We will re-examine the role of the Arts Council , as many of its functions are now carried out regionally .
we will re-examine the role of the arts council , as many of its [purposes] are now carried out regionally .

controls verbal and mathematical functions deals with time
controls verbal and mathematical [purposes] deals with time

• Infra-Red Remote Control allows you to operate all the television functions from the comfort of your armchair for totally relaxed viewing !
• infra-red remote control allows you to operate all the television [purposes] from the comfort of your armchair for totally relaxed viewing !

Do individuals lose all sense of time and become erratic , or do they maintain a rhythmicity in their lifestyle and bodily functions ?
do individuals lose all sense of time and become erratic , or do they maintain a rhythmicity in their lifestyle and bodily [purposes] ?

The answer is that renal function , like bodily functions in general , is highest during the daytime and partially ‘ closed down ’ at night .
the answer is that renal function , like bodily [purposes] in general , is highest during the daytime and partially ‘ closed down ’ at night .

Another change has been the centralisation of the various head office functions into new Glasgow offices , which Sir Lewis hopes will boost staff morale .
another change has been the centralisation of the various head office [purposes] into new glasgow offices , which sir lewis hopes will boost staff morale .

Jack Lewis was about to embark on his professional career as a college tutor at Magdalen ; and since not everyone is familiar with the way Oxford functions , it might be worth explaining exactly what his work was going to entail .
jack lewis was about to embark on his professional career as a college tutor at magdalen ; and since not everyone is familiar with the way oxford [purposes] , it might be worth explaining exactly what his work was going to entail .

There are different functions , and the New Testament shows the way that the early church divided them up .
there are different [purposes] , and the new testament shows the way that the early church divided them up .

Robbins observed also that the world , not higher education alone , will suffer if ever they cease to regard ( the advancement of knowledge ) as one of their major functions .
robbins observed also that the world , not higher education alone , will suffer if ever they cease to regard ( the advancement of knowledge ) as one of their major [purposes] .

With regard to this duty , there were no instances in the observational data where policewomen were deliberately sent to deal with injuries to children , for example , or injuries to people in road traffic accidents , functions which senior managers think them very suited to .
with regard to this duty , there were no instances in the observational data where policewomen were deliberately sent to deal with injuries to children , for example , or injuries to people in road traffic accidents , [purposes] which senior managers think them very suited to .

But in a series of remarks broadly encouraging to solicitors , Lord Mackay said the lay-dominated advisory committee would be likely to consider what happens in other countries where there was no enforced separation of the two functions .
but in a series of remarks broadly encouraging to solicitors , lord mackay said the lay-dominated advisory committee would be likely to consider what happens in other countries where there was no enforced separation of the two [purposes] .

This functions like a fairground attraction : pick a number from a red barrel , scratch ' n'sniff and guess its origin ( apple , roast chicken , aniseed , etc ) .
this [purposes] like a fairground attraction : pick a number from a red barrel , scratch ' n'sniff and guess its origin ( apple , roast chicken , aniseed , etc ) .

People who require help with their personal needs or bodily functions , or to avoid danger to themselves or others , may be eligible for Attendance Allowance , which is paid regardless of age or income , and is tax free .
people who require help with their personal needs or bodily [purposes] , or to avoid danger to themselves or others , may be eligible for attendance allowance , which is paid regardless of age or income , and is tax free .

As the following chapters will show , the useful and helpful functions of art criticism will receive preference in the choice of what is quoted or discussed .
as the following chapters will show , the useful and helpful [purposes] of art criticism will receive preference in the choice of what is quoted or discussed .

Art is after all the subject of attention for both critic and historian , even though the functions and methods of the two sorts of writer have drawn apart .
art is after all the subject of attention for both critic and historian , even though the [purposes] and methods of the two sorts of writer have drawn apart .

These functions have been well carried out by Baedeker guides since the foundation of the German firm in the first part of the nineteenth century .
these [purposes] have been well carried out by baedeker guides since the foundation of the german firm in the first part of the nineteenth century .

The loss or senseless alteration of the many ‘ ordinary ’ pubs that serve these functions can deal a serious blow to the quality of life of their users and the well-being of the wider community .
the loss or senseless alteration of the many ‘ ordinary ’ pubs that serve these [purposes] can deal a serious blow to the quality of life of their users and the well-being of the wider community .

These establishments were divided into inns , alehouses and taverns which had separate and distinct functions .
these establishments were divided into inns , alehouses and taverns which had separate and distinct [purposes] .

Identify the main functions of a hedge before deciding its composition .
identify the main [purposes] of a hedge before deciding its composition .

However , the state also performs certain hegemonic functions too , justifying its own existence and authority in the rhetoric of the courts and in its celebration of the nation .
however , the state also performs certain hegemonic [purposes] too , justifying its own existence and authority in the rhetoric of the courts and in its celebration of the nation .

The family had changed , and its various functions of education , food production , and the manufacture of clothing were already in part relinquished to a variety of institutions whose smooth functioning rested on the intervention and guidance of the nation state .
the family had changed , and its various [purposes] of education , food production , and the manufacture of clothing were already in part relinquished to a variety of institutions whose smooth functioning rested on the intervention and guidance of the nation state .

Plan functions with Eventdata
plan [purposes] with eventdata

There may be bladder or bowel disturbances due to malfunction of the nerves supplying these functions .
there may be bladder or bowel disturbances due to malfunction of the nerves supplying these [purposes] .

At the start of your diving day , just press the face button once and watch the bar graph around the perimeter of the display countdown while the DataMax Sport zeroes itself to your current altitude , checks all internal functions and battery power .
at the start of your diving day , just press the face button once and watch the bar graph around the perimeter of the display countdown while the datamax sport zeroes itself to your current altitude , checks all internal [purposes] and battery power .

As a dive computer it logs depth , temperature and cylinder pressure as functions of time , but by using different sensors it can also log up to eight other parameters simultaneously , and control 12 external devices like switches and relays .
as a dive computer it logs depth , temperature and cylinder pressure as [purposes] of time , but by using different sensors it can also log up to eight other parameters simultaneously , and control 12 external devices like switches and relays .

While diving , the menu is inaccessible and all functions are automatic .
while diving , the menu is inaccessible and all [purposes] are automatic .

Altogether there are some three dozen functions , alarms and information modes .
altogether there are some three dozen [purposes] , alarms and information modes .

Since Pro-File is a data logger it can log parameters other than those required for it to function as a dive computer ( depth , temperature and air data as functions of time ) .
since pro-file is a data logger it can log parameters other than those required for it to function as a dive computer ( depth , temperature and air data as [purposes] of time ) .

It is certainly a state of the art unit , offering an impressive 36 functions which range from three altitude settings , to an internal memory capable of storing up to eight hours of diving profiles , and if that 's not enough , you can interface it with a personal computer and relive your dive profiles in your own home .
it is certainly a state of the art unit , offering an impressive 36 [purposes] which range from three altitude settings , to an internal memory capable of storing up to eight hours of diving profiles , and if that 's not enough , you can interface it with a personal computer and relive your dive profiles in your own home .

Constructed in magnesium/aluminium alloy , the housing is linked to the camera via a processing unit which controls the camera functions .
constructed in magnesium/aluminium alloy , the housing is linked to the camera via a processing unit which controls the camera [purposes] .

Make sure that your equipment functions correctly and that your craft , engine and trailer are maintained .
make sure that your equipment [purposes] correctly and that your craft , engine and trailer are maintained .

These are platforms for the trains , a reception and waiting area for goods and passengers , and the necessary offices for the issue of tickets and the dispensing of information , the accommodation of staff , and the relief of various human needs and functions .
these are platforms for the trains , a reception and waiting area for goods and passengers , and the necessary offices for the issue of tickets and the dispensing of information , the accommodation of staff , and the relief of various human needs and [purposes] .

The new Frankfurt am Main station , completed in 1888 , was planned to replace and combine the functions of three existing Frankfurt stations on a single site on the city outskirts .
the new frankfurt am main station , completed in 1888 , was planned to replace and combine the [purposes] of three existing frankfurt stations on a single site on the city outskirts .

The notion of an avant-garde sensibility here functions simply as the ‘ other ’ of existing television ( just as much of the most interesting experimental video refunctions existing television as its other ) , a point outside the discourse of actually existing television from which we can argue about what it is that we actually want .
the notion of an avant-garde sensibility here [purposes] simply as the ‘ other ’ of existing television ( just as much of the most interesting experimental video refunctions existing television as its other ) , a point outside the discourse of actually existing television from which we can argue about what it is that we actually want .

Or , again , space figure differently in the socially responsible naturalism of a public service system , where it figures as a representation of a real environment , than it does in the ‘ market ’ realism of entertainment television where it functions as a scene for action .
or , again , space figure differently in the socially responsible naturalism of a public service system , where it figures as a representation of a real environment , than it does in the ‘ market ’ realism of entertainment television where it [purposes] as a scene for action .

In the latter , it is ‘ public opinion ’ — ‘ a scattered discourse that in part belongs to each of the individuals of a society but of which none may claim ownership ’ — which underwrites the verisimilitude of the text , allows its relationship to its referent to be probable , necessary , and therefore true , and naturalizes its conventions : ‘ public opinion therefore functions as a rule of genre that relates to all genres .
in the latter , it is ‘ public opinion ’ — ‘ a scattered discourse that in part belongs to each of the individuals of a society but of which none may claim ownership ’ — which underwrites the verisimilitude of the text , allows its relationship to its referent to be probable , necessary , and therefore true , and naturalizes its conventions : ‘ public opinion therefore [purposes] as a rule of genre that relates to all genres .

In modern times the functions of parody are narrow and unproductive .
in modern times the [purposes] of parody are narrow and unproductive .

After 9 years in which he applied microbial biochemistry to industrial manufacturing problems , he returned , in 1929 , to academic work as professor of biochemistry at the London School of Hygiene , where he continued to identify the chemical constituents of fungi and discover their functions .
after 9 years in which he applied microbial biochemistry to industrial manufacturing problems , he returned , in 1929 , to academic work as professor of biochemistry at the london school of hygiene , where he continued to identify the chemical constituents of fungi and discover their [purposes] .

It became clear that prostaglandins have a prominent role in tissue inflammation , as well as in such diverse functions as blood clotting and contraction of the uterus .
it became clear that prostaglandins have a prominent role in tissue inflammation , as well as in such diverse [purposes] as blood clotting and contraction of the uterus .

Substances may accumulate and disappear according to the functions which they serve and the stages in the plant 's life cycle .
substances may accumulate and disappear according to the [purposes] which they serve and the stages in the plant 's life cycle .

In 1948 Raymond Ahlquist , then at the University of Georgia , made careful measurements of the effects of adrenaline and closely related compounds on several functions of the sympathetic nerves .
in 1948 raymond ahlquist , then at the university of georgia , made careful measurements of the effects of adrenaline and closely related compounds on several [purposes] of the sympathetic nerves .

compounds containing a chain or ring of amino acids , frequently occurred in specific parts of the brain and had specific functions as local or systemic hormones .
compounds containing a chain or ring of amino acids , frequently occurred in specific parts of the brain and had specific [purposes] as local or systemic hormones .

He had three functions in which he knew that he was at home .
he had three [purposes] in which he knew that he was at home .

It was still fulfilling its traditional functions of looking after overseas governments and acting as a purchasing agency for them — and indeed it did administer World Bank and British Government overseas development loans .
it was still fulfilling its traditional [purposes] of looking after overseas governments and acting as a purchasing agency for them — and indeed it did administer world bank and british government overseas development loans .

Forty years later , after an enormously varied industrial career that has seen Haslam running a diverse range of businesses and involved in a wide variety of functions , from selling to personnel , events have turned full circle .
forty years later , after an enormously varied industrial career that has seen haslam running a diverse range of businesses and involved in a wide variety of [purposes] , from selling to personnel , events have turned full circle .

He is in such demand as a speaker that he has had to make a rule that he will no longer accept invitations to functions that are unconnected with the coal industry .
he is in such demand as a speaker that he has had to make a rule that he will no longer accept invitations to [purposes] that are unconnected with the coal industry .

There is nothing in common between all this , which consists in ‘ real , services , and the fixing and payment of money benefits , financed in great part by one special tax called ‘ contributions ’ — at least there is nothing common to these two functions which justifies demands for their being the province of one minister .
there is nothing in common between all this , which consists in ‘ real , services , and the fixing and payment of money benefits , financed in great part by one special tax called ‘ contributions ’ — at least there is nothing common to these two [purposes] which justifies demands for their being the province of one minister .

The fascination with functions of the body , the analogies between artistic and physical creative processes , self-portraiture used to reveal the female body as the site of patriarchal aesthetic discourse ; all of these mirror the concerns of many women painters of the 1980s .
the fascination with [purposes] of the body , the analogies between artistic and physical creative processes , self-portraiture used to reveal the female body as the site of patriarchal aesthetic discourse ; all of these mirror the concerns of many women painters of the 1980s .

While Yoruba and Ibo patterns of status mobility based on achieved wealth provide a strong incentive to establish a business enterprise as a means of obtaining high social status , once established there are no antecedent roles conferring respect for efficient managerial performance . On the contrary , because conspicuous leisure is the principal manifestation of superior status , the carrying out of supervisory functions … represents a socially degrading activity …
while yoruba and ibo patterns of status mobility based on achieved wealth provide a strong incentive to establish a business enterprise as a means of obtaining high social status , once established there are no antecedent roles conferring respect for efficient managerial performance . on the contrary , because conspicuous leisure is the principal manifestation of superior status , the carrying out of supervisory [purposes] … represents a socially degrading activity …

Recording this news reminded me of the valuable role played by Area Presidents in guiding their Area and representing the Areas at a variety of events and functions .
recording this news reminded me of the valuable role played by area presidents in guiding their area and representing the areas at a variety of events and [purposes] .

In addition , the firm recruited cricketers for its publicity functions and was given free tickets and entertainment facilities for the Test matches .
in addition , the firm recruited cricketers for its publicity [purposes] and was given free tickets and entertainment facilities for the test matches .

Eliot is able to recall Shakespeare closely enough to suggest at first sight that an ironic contrast is aimed at , but also to present the possibility that the allusion functions as the poetic equivalent of a legal fiction .
eliot is able to recall shakespeare closely enough to suggest at first sight that an ironic contrast is aimed at , but also to present the possibility that the allusion [purposes] as the poetic equivalent of a legal fiction .

The Waste Land itself functions as a primitive ritual .
the waste land itself [purposes] as a primitive ritual .

Vickery overemphasizes vegetation references by relating the ‘ temperate valley … smelling of vegetation ’ with its ‘ running stream ’ to a particular scene in The Golden Bough , and by insisting that the ‘ water-mill ’ is that ‘ in which Tammuz was ground ’ and thus functions as ‘ a reminder that death is the price of rebirth ’ .
vickery overemphasizes vegetation references by relating the ‘ temperate valley … smelling of vegetation ’ with its ‘ running stream ’ to a particular scene in the golden bough , and by insisting that the ‘ water-mill ’ is that ‘ in which tammuz was ground ’ and thus [purposes] as ‘ a reminder that death is the price of rebirth ’ .

In his essay ‘ Pornography and Obscenity ’ Lawrence invokes this idealization/abhorrence distinction between the sex functions and the excrementory functions :
in his essay ‘ pornography and obscenity ’ lawrence invokes this idealization/abhorrence distinction between the sex [purposes] and the excrementory [purposes] :

Different elements of the media perform different functions .
different elements of the media perform different [purposes] .

You can then add to this the more pro-active and aggressive corporate functions needed to trade successfully and keep ahead of your competitors .
you can then add to this the more pro-active and aggressive corporate [purposes] needed to trade successfully and keep ahead of your competitors .

While the functions of lawyers and accountants are largely self-evident , those of chartered secretaries can be more varied .
while the [purposes] of lawyers and accountants are largely self-evident , those of chartered secretaries can be more varied .

The Potential Energy Functions Consortium is committed to the derivation and validation of accurate ‘ second generation ’ potential energy functions and parameters for a broad range of chemical compounds .
the potential energy [purposes] consortium is committed to the derivation and validation of accurate ‘ second generation ’ potential energy [purposes] and parameters for a broad range of chemical compounds .

In fact some of Pople 's early work spotlighted the limitations of one praiseworthy attempt by James and Coolidge in 1933 , to use elaborate wave functions to obtain the energy of the two electrons in the hydrogen molecule .
in fact some of pople 's early work spotlighted the limitations of one praiseworthy attempt by james and coolidge in 1933 , to use elaborate wave [purposes] to obtain the energy of the two electrons in the hydrogen molecule .

In these programs , the graphics representing molecular orbitals — ie the contributions given to each molecular orbital from the various atomic functions — are first independently sketched onto a picture of the skeleton of the molecule and are then ‘ smeared ’ together to indicate the delocalisation of the orbital away from the atomic centres .
in these programs , the graphics representing molecular orbitals — ie the contributions given to each molecular orbital from the various atomic [purposes] — are first independently sketched onto a picture of the skeleton of the molecule and are then ‘ smeared ’ together to indicate the delocalisation of the orbital away from the atomic centres .

The core of the problem lay in the costs of administering and organising the District 's functions .
the core of the problem lay in the costs of administering and organising the district 's [purposes] .

Further , there was a clear , emerging imperative to establish an explicit and visible distinction between the functions of the District and those of the Cambridge Board as earlier close , co-operative relationships were being eroded through the operation of the 1932 Adult Education Regulations and the ad hoc agreement between both providers in rural Bedfordshire and Cambridgeshire .
further , there was a clear , emerging imperative to establish an explicit and visible distinction between the [purposes] of the district and those of the cambridge board as earlier close , co-operative relationships were being eroded through the operation of the 1932 adult education regulations and the ad hoc agreement between both providers in rural bedfordshire and cambridgeshire .

The status and functions … are rather obscure , and the administrative arrangements are complicated , to say the least .
the status and [purposes] … are rather obscure , and the administrative arrangements are complicated , to say the least .

Mary Douglas of Ulva in a closed circulation document states : ‘ They ( teachers ) may be required to arrange all the usual functions such as whist drives , jumble sales , Hallowe'en and Christmas parties , run the public meeting , act as polling officer , sign pension and unemployment forms , give references and even witness wills .
mary douglas of ulva in a closed circulation document states : ‘ they ( teachers ) may be required to arrange all the usual [purposes] such as whist drives , jumble sales , hallowe'en and christmas parties , run the public meeting , act as polling officer , sign pension and unemployment forms , give references and even witness wills .

Edward , Prince of Wales , began to share the numerous public functions and his marriage in 1863 to the beautiful Princess Alexandra of Denmark was greeted with joy .
edward , prince of wales , began to share the numerous public [purposes] and his marriage in 1863 to the beautiful princess alexandra of denmark was greeted with joy .

He checked his watch against the clock , and mentally ticked off the functions as they were performed .
he checked his watch against the clock , and mentally ticked off the [purposes] as they were performed .

The government is in the process of producing extra guidelines on waste management proposals and the creation of a new national environment agency might mean a shift of responsibility for waste regulation functions .
the government is in the process of producing extra guidelines on waste management proposals and the creation of a new national environment agency might mean a shift of responsibility for waste regulation [purposes] .

One of these functions is the recollection of impressions .
one of these [purposes] is the recollection of impressions .

Front-line paraprofessionals perform a multiplicity of service roles and functions in relation to a wide variety of client groups in all kinds of social welfare and social development programmes throughout the world ( United Nations , 1980 , p. 39 ) .
front-line paraprofessionals perform a multiplicity of service roles and [purposes] in relation to a wide variety of client groups in all kinds of social welfare and social development programmes throughout the world ( united nations , 1980 , p. 39 ) .

However , our research indicates that this is not happening , primarily because there has been a failure in most parts of the world to recognize or accept the critical role played by paraprofessionals in social service delivery , little effort has been devoted to the clarification of appropriate paraprofessional roles and functions and to their training and deployment , and too few social work education programmes are training social workers to work alongside paraprofessional personnel .
however , our research indicates that this is not happening , primarily because there has been a failure in most parts of the world to recognize or accept the critical role played by paraprofessionals in social service delivery , little effort has been devoted to the clarification of appropriate paraprofessional roles and [purposes] and to their training and deployment , and too few social work education programmes are training social workers to work alongside paraprofessional personnel .

These village-based health workers are helped to carry out their functions by a mobile team leader ( the second tier of the system ) who is generally a nurse , physician , or social worker .
these village-based health workers are helped to carry out their [purposes] by a mobile team leader ( the second tier of the system ) who is generally a nurse , physician , or social worker .

This makes it especially important that they be carefully selected for the work they do , that their tasks and functions be appropriate and clearly defined , and that they receive whatever training is needed to ensure that they can perform their jobs adequately .
this makes it especially important that they be carefully selected for the work they do , that their tasks and [purposes] be appropriate and clearly defined , and that they receive whatever training is needed to ensure that they can perform their jobs adequately .

Perhaps the strongest statements to this effect can be found in the report relating to Jasmine Beckford 's death : ‘ We are strongly of the view that social work can in fact be defined only in terms of the functions required of it by their employing agency operating within a statutory framework ’ ( London Borough of Brent , 1985 , p. 12 ) .
perhaps the strongest statements to this effect can be found in the report relating to jasmine beckford 's death : ‘ we are strongly of the view that social work can in fact be defined only in terms of the [purposes] required of it by their employing agency operating within a statutory framework ’ ( london borough of brent , 1985 , p. 12 ) .

It acknowledges that pedagogical functions are dispersed among a range of people and influences which assume significance in a child 's life , ranging from family members to peers , formal and informal educators as well as organizations like the churches and the media .
it acknowledges that pedagogical [purposes] are dispersed among a range of people and influences which assume significance in a child 's life , ranging from family members to peers , formal and informal educators as well as organizations like the churches and the media .

The state 's main welfare function is to support the ‘ smaller units ’ of the tree associations and the family to carry out as wide a range of functions as possible themselves .
the state 's main welfare function is to support the ‘ smaller units ’ of the tree associations and the family to carry out as wide a range of [purposes] as possible themselves .

All functions which draw on public resources ( and most of the work by ‘ free organizations ’ is heavily subsidized out of public funds ) require a legal basis for their legitimate operation , and this also applies when statutory responsibilities are delegated to non-statutory services .
all [purposes] which draw on public resources ( and most of the work by ‘ free organizations ’ is heavily subsidized out of public funds ) require a legal basis for their legitimate operation , and this also applies when statutory responsibilities are delegated to non-statutory services .

The emphasis passes from provisions that substitute for family functions to those that supplement and strengthen them .
the emphasis passes from provisions that substitute for family [purposes] to those that supplement and strengthen them .

Instead , the variety of functions of the youth services are described in pedagogical rather than purely bureaucratic terms , giving for the first time recognition to the specific professional skills and capacities of social workers ( Gernert , 1990 ) .
instead , the variety of [purposes] of the youth services are described in pedagogical rather than purely bureaucratic terms , giving for the first time recognition to the specific professional skills and capacities of social workers ( gernert , 1990 ) .

Functions of personal social services can not be considered , however , in isolation from the values which underpin the political , economic , and social systems , from which welfare departments derive their legitimacy .
[purposes] of personal social services can not be considered , however , in isolation from the values which underpin the political , economic , and social systems , from which welfare departments derive their legitimacy .

The aetiology of social problems and the functions of social work .
the aetiology of social problems and the [purposes] of social work .

These values influence ways social problems and the functions of social work are viewed .
these values influence ways social problems and the [purposes] of social work are viewed .

Given the inescapable rescue and control functions of social work agencies , client status may lead to increasing interference in their lives , particularly in situations of risk and vulnerability .
given the inescapable rescue and control [purposes] of social work agencies , client status may lead to increasing interference in their lives , particularly in situations of risk and vulnerability .

Apart from letting them share the brand name and an instant distribution deal , The Wedding Present did not have the time to take on any record company functions for the bands .
apart from letting them share the brand name and an instant distribution deal , the wedding present did not have the time to take on any record company [purposes] for the bands .

This , she points out , provides useful clarification of the analysis of the dual functions of language , the cognitive and the performative , central to Paul de Man 's work .
this , she points out , provides useful clarification of the analysis of the dual [purposes] of language , the cognitive and the performative , central to paul de man 's work .

Apart from crude measures of test and exam results , schools have no equivalent ; appraisal of what happens in classrooms must include some of the quality-control functions .
apart from crude measures of test and exam results , schools have no equivalent ; appraisal of what happens in classrooms must include some of the quality-control [purposes] .

What , then , should be the proper division of functions between judge and jury in homicide cases ?
what , then , should be the proper division of [purposes] between judge and jury in homicide cases ?

He is assisted in his priestly functions by his sons , Hophni and Phinehas .
he is assisted in his priestly [purposes] by his sons , hophni and phinehas .

Below ground level , out of sight and sometimes out of mind , is the root system , whose functions are to anchor the plant in the soil and to supply it with water and soluble nutrients .
below ground level , out of sight and sometimes out of mind , is the root system , whose [purposes] are to anchor the plant in the soil and to supply it with water and soluble nutrients .

‘ He 's gon na plan , direct and control worldwide planning operations from Detroit , including the regional planning functions .
‘ he 's gon na plan , direct and control worldwide planning operations from detroit , including the regional planning [purposes] .

‘ Well , there wo n't be any European job functions , that 's for sure , ’ Muldoon said .
‘ well , there wo n't be any european job [purposes] , that 's for sure , ’ muldoon said .

The problem of evil was rooted in Christian monotheism , which obliged the word ‘ God ’ to do duty for two functions , between which some other creeds had drawn a distinction .
the problem of evil was rooted in christian monotheism , which obliged the word ‘ god ’ to do duty for two [purposes] , between which some other creeds had drawn a distinction .

If , under its influence , normal physical functions could be suspended , perhaps the hand of death , too , could be stayed .
if , under its influence , normal physical [purposes] could be suspended , perhaps the hand of death , too , could be stayed .

The remaining metals were mainly used to modify the properties of the others by alloying and for specialised functions in construction such as joining by soldering .
the remaining metals were mainly used to modify the properties of the others by alloying and for specialised [purposes] in construction such as joining by soldering .

Gradually , however , different shapes developed to suit the respective functions , and the visual appearance of the separate tool and weapon types suggests that different alloys were used for each .
gradually , however , different shapes developed to suit the respective [purposes] , and the visual appearance of the separate tool and weapon types suggests that different alloys were used for each .

The thesaurus functions not only as a retrieval aid , but also as a reference facility .
the thesaurus [purposes] not only as a retrieval aid , but also as a reference facility .

Man , on the other hand , who within this particular characterization of the nature — culture dichotomy is deemed to lack such natural and visible creative functions , is obliged , or at least has the opportunity , ( to use the words of Ortner ) to assert his creativity externally through the medium of technology , ritual and symbol .
man , on the other hand , who within this particular characterization of the nature — culture dichotomy is deemed to lack such natural and visible creative [purposes] , is obliged , or at least has the opportunity , ( to use the words of ortner ) to assert his creativity externally through the medium of technology , ritual and symbol .

She carries out God 's cosmic functions of creation and sustenance .
she carries out god 's cosmic [purposes] of creation and sustenance .

As the stern controller of cosmic justice , punishing the breakers of God 's cosmic rules and order and as the frenzied cataclysmic destroyer , the Goddess functions alone .
as the stern controller of cosmic justice , punishing the breakers of god 's cosmic rules and order and as the frenzied cataclysmic destroyer , the goddess [purposes] alone .

For we still believe that our femaleness is a biological entity ; but it is this biology that a century ago wished to remove our clitoris and that continues now to impose upon us a desire that only functions in passive reaction to the actions of men , and that is as a result based in narcissism and masochism .
for we still believe that our femaleness is a biological entity ; but it is this biology that a century ago wished to remove our clitoris and that continues now to impose upon us a desire that only [purposes] in passive reaction to the actions of men , and that is as a result based in narcissism and masochism .

They may all start off the same , but the principle of organization is inexorable and they develop specialized functions according to the needs of the whole .
they may all start off the same , but the principle of organization is inexorable and they develop specialized [purposes] according to the needs of the whole .

The value of a religious noviciate which asks novices to try out a variety of these functions in turn is that it exposes novices to the value of each .
the value of a religious noviciate which asks novices to try out a variety of these [purposes] in turn is that it exposes novices to the value of each .

Both functions make different demands .
both [purposes] make different demands .

The body began , very faintly , in all its parts and regions , to twitch , as if its muscles , its very bloodstream , wished to prove that they could maintain their living functions .
the body began , very faintly , in all its parts and regions , to twitch , as if its muscles , its very bloodstream , wished to prove that they could maintain their living [purposes] .

Patrick 's weak body slowly resumed its normal functions and its strength .
patrick 's weak body slowly resumed its normal [purposes] and its strength .

Sometimes ammonium hydroxide is added which functions as a mild alkali .
sometimes ammonium hydroxide is added which [purposes] as a mild alkali .

machines : Despite being used for a variety of functions , including cleaning crockery , bottles , trays , crates and numerous other items , these machines all operate on the same general principle .
machines : despite being used for a variety of [purposes] , including cleaning crockery , bottles , trays , crates and numerous other items , these machines all operate on the same general principle .

Sink washing : Using a double sink for light duty functions , such as manual dishwashing , the method is straightforward :
sink washing : using a double sink for light duty [purposes] , such as manual dishwashing , the method is straightforward :

Check all functions are operating correctly by pressing each selection button in sequence then close the cabinet and wipe the exterior .
check all [purposes] are operating correctly by pressing each selection button in sequence then close the cabinet and wipe the exterior .

Incorporated into the camera is a built in 38–115mm power zoom lens , made possible by adopting ‘ binocular ’ styling which makes it easy to hold but still allows easy access to the various functions .
incorporated into the camera is a built in 38–115mm power zoom lens , made possible by adopting ‘ binocular ’ styling which makes it easy to hold but still allows easy access to the various [purposes] .

Certainly one 's initial impression is of a building with a haphazard history , in which functions and spaces have been added and transformed , with little attempt to hide what went before .
certainly one 's initial impression is of a building with a haphazard history , in which [purposes] and spaces have been added and transformed , with little attempt to hide what went before .

The Nationalist councillors , it declared , would be better taking up such issues than ‘ attending functions behind closed doors at which toasts to the Queen are drunk ’ .
the nationalist councillors , it declared , would be better taking up such issues than ‘ attending [purposes] behind closed doors at which toasts to the queen are drunk ’ .

In her child 's understanding it seemed that it was her own liberation that was the cause of the celebration , and the arrival of the princess , the flags which appeared on all the buildings and the succession of functions for which her mother and Denzil put on their beautiful evening clothes and left her with the maid .
in her child 's understanding it seemed that it was her own liberation that was the cause of the celebration , and the arrival of the princess , the flags which appeared on all the buildings and the succession of [purposes] for which her mother and denzil put on their beautiful evening clothes and left her with the maid .

Such a circumstance would be most regrettable — and not only because it is one of the functions of education to dispel confusion .
such a circumstance would be most regrettable — and not only because it is one of the [purposes] of education to dispel confusion .

Light performs four main functions in the home .
light performs four main [purposes] in the home .

One winding functions as an excitation coil in which current flowing creates a field to magnetise the core in alternate directions .
one winding [purposes] as an excitation coil in which current flowing creates a field to magnetise the core in alternate directions .

Linear , log , inverse , negative or positive exponential , power , polynomials up to 10th order , rational and special functions including Gaussian , sigmoidal , sine-wave , and user-defined functions are all available .
linear , log , inverse , negative or positive exponential , power , polynomials up to 10th order , rational and special [purposes] including gaussian , sigmoidal , sine-wave , and user-defined [purposes] are all available .

Plotting functions encourage experimentation , allowing not only trials of equations other than that selected as optimum , but also zooming parts of plots to amplify relevance of the fit and resizing the graph to judge extrapolation effects .
plotting [purposes] encourage experimentation , allowing not only trials of equations other than that selected as optimum , but also zooming parts of plots to amplify relevance of the fit and resizing the graph to judge extrapolation effects .

There are also facilities to display the data 's standard errors and select polynomial and rational functions .
there are also facilities to display the data 's standard errors and select polynomial and rational [purposes] .

Those who have n't would do well to browse the informative manual — an impressive publication liberally sprinkled with graphic illustrations of the program 's functions and various points to note .
those who have n't would do well to browse the informative manual — an impressive publication liberally sprinkled with graphic illustrations of the program 's [purposes] and various points to note .

An appendix lists all 221 equations used by the program , and a redefined special functions section deals with non-linear equations which can not normally be solved by the one-pass direct solution methods used in TableCurve .
an appendix lists all 221 equations used by the program , and a redefined special [purposes] section deals with non-linear equations which can not normally be solved by the one-pass direct solution methods used in tablecurve .

Two separate DACs perform the functions of conversion and scaling .
two separate dacs perform the [purposes] of conversion and scaling .

Most assemblers have facilities for creating macros and library functions and have the appropriate facility to allow parameter passing .
most assemblers have facilities for creating macros and library [purposes] and have the appropriate facility to allow parameter passing .

Given that weak electromagnetic fields at the power frequencies 50Hz and 60Hz do pollute the environment in the sense that they make it hostile for the chemistry of body functions , there is no real choice other than making sure we live well removed from power lines or accept the higher incidence of cancer and leukaemia as tolerable .
given that weak electromagnetic fields at the power frequencies 50hz and 60hz do pollute the environment in the sense that they make it hostile for the chemistry of body [purposes] , there is no real choice other than making sure we live well removed from power lines or accept the higher incidence of cancer and leukaemia as tolerable .

There has also been malpractice in the past by officials administering the fund , he claims , in which thousands of pounds were used to foot the bill for regimental social functions .
there has also been malpractice in the past by officials administering the fund , he claims , in which thousands of pounds were used to foot the bill for regimental social [purposes] .

He wrote the first textbook on the relationship between the natural functions of the bones , ligaments , tendons and muscles , and dance movement .
he wrote the first textbook on the relationship between the natural [purposes] of the bones , ligaments , tendons and muscles , and dance movement .

Constitutionally , the prime minister may assume the functions of the head of state for two weeks .
constitutionally , the prime minister may assume the [purposes] of the head of state for two weeks .

Constitutionally , the prime minister may assume the functions of head of state for a fortnight .
constitutionally , the prime minister may assume the [purposes] of head of state for a fortnight .

The scrap business remained until the 1980s , at which time the Dean Heritage Trust came into being , the nucleus for its various functions being the old Camp Mill .
the scrap business remained until the 1980s , at which time the dean heritage trust came into being , the nucleus for its various [purposes] being the old camp mill .

One of the functions of the marketing expert in commerce and industry is to develop a clear idea of the target market and also to identify and axe both unprofitable product lines and unprofitable customers .
one of the [purposes] of the marketing expert in commerce and industry is to develop a clear idea of the target market and also to identify and axe both unprofitable product lines and unprofitable customers .

She was n't in the mood to cope with Kegan 's heavy playfulness , the sort of labored gallantry he produced whenever they met at official hospital functions .
she was n't in the mood to cope with kegan 's heavy playfulness , the sort of labored gallantry he produced whenever they met at official hospital [purposes] .

Listening to your enemy illicitly is one of the fundamental functions of intelligence .
listening to your enemy illicitly is one of the fundamental [purposes] of intelligence .

… Sappho 's name also functions in this period as a sign of transgressive female desire . If we read ‘ An Hymn to the Morning ’ in the light of Mira 's yearning to match Sappho in poetical sweetness , her technical rivalry with the Lesbian muse … and , more contentiously , her rivalry with Sappho as a wooer of women , her technical rivalry with the lesbian lover … the eroticism of Leapor 's textuality becomes distinctly noticeable , though it remains safely mediated by conventional landscape cathexis
… sappho 's name also [purposes] in this period as a sign of transgressive female desire . if we read ‘ an hymn to the morning ’ in the light of mira 's yearning to match sappho in poetical sweetness , her technical rivalry with the lesbian muse … and , more contentiously , her rivalry with sappho as a wooer of women , her technical rivalry with the lesbian lover … the eroticism of leapor 's textuality becomes distinctly noticeable , though it remains safely mediated by conventional landscape cathexis

He had at his disposal a Master of Ceremonies , together with his aides , whose functions touched tangentially those of the Grand Master of Ceremonies , himself well provided with subordinates , and who was responsible for Court entertainments .
he had at his disposal a master of ceremonies , together with his aides , whose [purposes] touched tangentially those of the grand master of ceremonies , himself well provided with subordinates , and who was responsible for court entertainments .

Some talk ( eg casual conversation ) is predominantly listener-related : it is social or interpersonal in its functions , rather than aiming to convey particular information in a precise way .
some talk ( eg casual conversation ) is predominantly listener-related : it is social or interpersonal in its [purposes] , rather than aiming to convey particular information in a precise way .

But in some other types of spoken language , it is predominantly the content which matters : it is information-related or transactional in its functions , and characteristically has a definable purpose .
but in some other types of spoken language , it is predominantly the content which matters : it is information-related or transactional in its [purposes] , and characteristically has a definable purpose .

the forms and functions of spoken Standard English .
the forms and [purposes] of spoken standard english .

Functions of written language
[purposes] of written language

17.4 For the individual author , writing can have cognitive functions in clarifying and supporting thought .
17.4 for the individual author , writing can have cognitive [purposes] in clarifying and supporting thought .

At the level of whole societies , written language serves the functions of record keeping and of storing both information and literary works .
at the level of whole societies , written language serves the [purposes] of record keeping and of storing both information and literary works .

The different functions of written language are an important topic for knowledge about language and part of an understanding of how society works .
the different [purposes] of written language are an important topic for knowledge about language and part of an understanding of how society works .

understand the nature and functions of written language .
understand the nature and [purposes] of written language .

Such awareness of writing in any form can help pupils to understand some of the functions of written language and should be used to promote their understanding of the functions of the English writing system .
such awareness of writing in any form can help pupils to understand some of the [purposes] of written language and should be used to promote their understanding of the [purposes] of the english writing system .

17.46 By building on the experiences of earlier key stages pupils should be made aware of the following range of functions of writing : ( a ) — primarily to communicate meaning to others : reporting , narrating , persuading , arguing , describing , instructing , explaining ; ( b ) — for thinking and learning : recollecting , organising thoughts , reconstructing , reviewing , hypothesising ; ( c ) — using language in aesthetic and imaginative ways .
17.46 by building on the experiences of earlier key stages pupils should be made aware of the following range of [purposes] of writing : ( a ) — primarily to communicate meaning to others : reporting , narrating , persuading , arguing , describing , instructing , explaining ; ( b ) — for thinking and learning : recollecting , organising thoughts , reconstructing , reviewing , hypothesising ; ( c ) — using language in aesthetic and imaginative ways .

( ii ) By reading and discussing good examples , pupils should come to understand the functions of the impersonal style of writing used in much academic — and particularly scientific — writing and to recognise the linguistic features , eg the passive , subordination , that characterise it .
( ii ) by reading and discussing good examples , pupils should come to understand the [purposes] of the impersonal style of writing used in much academic — and particularly scientific — writing and to recognise the linguistic features , eg the passive , subordination , that characterise it .

( v ) Pupils should be taught about the different functions of written language : that writing can be for the writer alone ; it can be addressed to a known reader ; or it can be written for a large and unknown audience .
( v ) pupils should be taught about the different [purposes] of written language : that writing can be for the writer alone ; it can be addressed to a known reader ; or it can be written for a large and unknown audience .

They should be shown how it may primarily be either an artefact in its own right or a means of conveying information ; how it functions as a tool of thought and as a creator of human relationships ; how it can be stored and readily transmitted across time and distance .
they should be shown how it may primarily be either an artefact in its own right or a means of conveying information ; how it [purposes] as a tool of thought and as a creator of human relationships ; how it can be stored and readily transmitted across time and distance .

They should learn to think of appropriateness in written language in terms of these functions and of the range of audiences that writers address , considering the effects , for example , of inappropriately formal vocabulary in personal letters or of colloquial expressions in impersonal writing .
they should learn to think of appropriateness in written language in terms of these [purposes] and of the range of audiences that writers address , considering the effects , for example , of inappropriately formal vocabulary in personal letters or of colloquial expressions in impersonal writing .

17.53 ( i ) Pupils working towards level 8 should consider explicitly the functions and possible structures of paragraphs .
17.53 ( i ) pupils working towards level 8 should consider explicitly the [purposes] and possible structures of paragraphs .

Perhaps the point can be best brought out by considering first authority as it functions in one , not untypical , context .
perhaps the point can be best brought out by considering first authority as it [purposes] in one , not untypical , context .

Concentration on the imposition of duties does not , however , distort our understanding of authority since all the other functions authorities may have are ultimately explained by reference to the imposition of duties .
concentration on the imposition of duties does not , however , distort our understanding of authority since all the other [purposes] authorities may have are ultimately explained by reference to the imposition of duties .

In fulfilling these three functions , two duties are imposed upon the Commissioner .
in fulfilling these three [purposes] , two duties are imposed upon the commissioner .

Cells carry out an amazing range of specialized functions , such as carrying oxygen , transmitting messages , contracting , secreting chemicals , synthesizing molecules , and multiplying .
cells carry out an amazing range of specialized [purposes] , such as carrying oxygen , transmitting messages , contracting , secreting chemicals , synthesizing molecules , and multiplying .

They can also change character : during development cells change from having rather unspecialized characters to mature cells with very specific functions .
they can also change character : during development cells change from having rather unspecialized characters to mature cells with very specific [purposes] .

This basic pattern has been modified in evolution to give a limb that serves quite different functions .
this basic pattern has been modified in evolution to give a limb that serves quite different [purposes] .

Proteins are capable of performing the most amazingly diverse functions within the cell .
proteins are capable of performing the most amazingly diverse [purposes] within the cell .

'Housekeeping ' proteins are common to most cells and are needed to carry out all those basic functions that most cells require , such as the production of energy .
'housekeeping ' proteins are common to most cells and are needed to carry out all those basic [purposes] that most cells require , such as the production of energy .

One of the major functions of education must be to open people 's eyes to the fact that things were at one time different ; that they have evolved to where they are now ; and that they need not necessarily always remain as they are .
one of the major [purposes] of education must be to open people 's eyes to the fact that things were at one time different ; that they have evolved to where they are now ; and that they need not necessarily always remain as they are .

The Manpower Services Commission was itself dissolved in 1985 and was replaced by a body which took over most of its functions , called the Training Commission .
the manpower services commission was itself dissolved in 1985 and was replaced by a body which took over most of its [purposes] , called the training commission .

‘ Living alone such a lot makes one over-interested perhaps in one 's natural functions .
‘ living alone such a lot makes one over-interested perhaps in one 's natural [purposes] .

Prompted by the rapid development of medical technology over the past decade or so , the medical community has come to reject the notion that death is associated exclusively with breathing and heartbeat , the ‘ vital functions ’ .
prompted by the rapid development of medical technology over the past decade or so , the medical community has come to reject the notion that death is associated exclusively with breathing and heartbeat , the ‘ vital [purposes] ’ .

The group really does operate as a group and you can attend all the social functions without feeling that you have to pair off .
the group really does operate as a group and you can attend all the social [purposes] without feeling that you have to pair off .

There was , of course , no commercial motive for this ; the wines were kept for curiosity , party bosses or state functions .
there was , of course , no commercial motive for this ; the wines were kept for curiosity , party bosses or state [purposes] .

In spite of their different appearances and functions during the actual process of fertilization , the egg and sperm cells bring equivalent portions of genetic material to the zygote and hence the future individual .
in spite of their different appearances and [purposes] during the actual process of fertilization , the egg and sperm cells bring equivalent portions of genetic material to the zygote and hence the future individual .

Essential functions
essential [purposes]

One of the most important functions of a rainforest is its role in the rain cycle .
one of the most important [purposes] of a rainforest is its role in the rain cycle .

Stress and our inability to cope with it can be an important cellulite trigger because it affects the hypothalamus ‘ master gland ’ which controls all other hormonal functions .
stress and our inability to cope with it can be an important cellulite trigger because it affects the hypothalamus ‘ master gland ’ which controls all other hormonal [purposes] .

Parents may hold their babies close and convey love for and admiration of their bodies , or they may hold them away and register distaste , even disgust , for some of their bodily functions .
parents may hold their babies close and convey love for and admiration of their bodies , or they may hold them away and register distaste , even disgust , for some of their bodily [purposes] .

In learning what is and is not acceptable to parents , children come to know when and how to harness their feelings and impulses , as well as how to control their bodily functions .
in learning what is and is not acceptable to parents , children come to know when and how to harness their feelings and impulses , as well as how to control their bodily [purposes] .

was seldom indeed far from Irene 's side at public functions , and , even when separated by the exigencies of social intercourse , could be seen following her about with his eyes , in which were strange expressions of watchfulness and longing …
was seldom indeed far from irene 's side at public [purposes] , and , even when separated by the exigencies of social intercourse , could be seen following her about with his eyes , in which were strange expressions of watchfulness and longing …

The two other main functions concerned contrasting ways of judging and ordering these perceptions .
the two other main [purposes] concerned contrasting ways of judging and ordering these perceptions .

These four functions can be combined in one of four ways :
these four [purposes] can be combined in one of four ways :

So with one of the four functions normally predominant over the other three we can speak of a sensate , intuitive , thinking or feeling type of person , who can be either extroverted or introverted .
so with one of the four [purposes] normally predominant over the other three we can speak of a sensate , intuitive , thinking or feeling type of person , who can be either extroverted or introverted .

If , for example , two perceptive functions are of equal weight , they tend to interfere with and jam each other .
if , for example , two perceptive [purposes] are of equal weight , they tend to interfere with and jam each other .

People whose parents or early carers have not enjoyed contact with infant bodies nor valued their bodily functions may find it difficult to enjoy either their own body and its sensations or the body of another .
people whose parents or early carers have not enjoyed contact with infant bodies nor valued their bodily [purposes] may find it difficult to enjoy either their own body and its sensations or the body of another .

Bottoms may be more or less sensuous to those whose old preoccupations centred on anal functions .
bottoms may be more or less sensuous to those whose old preoccupations centred on anal [purposes] .

For example , consider the monopolist discussed above and suppose that the firm 's executives wish to maximise profits , but have only limited information about the true revenue and cost functions .
for example , consider the monopolist discussed above and suppose that the firm 's executives wish to maximise profits , but have only limited information about the true revenue and cost [purposes] .

The data sheets indicated that in practice , there is considerable overlap between what is regarded as job and development training , with many programmes being assigned dual functions , usually job and development , sometimes induction and job , occasionally all three .
the data sheets indicated that in practice , there is considerable overlap between what is regarded as job and development training , with many programmes being assigned dual [purposes] , usually job and development , sometimes induction and job , occasionally all three .

If training officers who devote their full time to training are rare , it is usually because they combine the role of training officer with other functions .
if training officers who devote their full time to training are rare , it is usually because they combine the role of training officer with other [purposes] .

While she noted the advantages of this : ‘ Indeed , the post combining staff and training responsibilities is a fairly successful combination since both jobs require an overall view of the entire system and neither job is particularly attached to any of the service functions ’ , ( as opposed to designated training officers also being attached to any particular aspect of the service ) , lack of sufficient time to devote to training was often commented on by the named training officers in our sample .
while she noted the advantages of this : ‘ indeed , the post combining staff and training responsibilities is a fairly successful combination since both jobs require an overall view of the entire system and neither job is particularly attached to any of the service [purposes] ’ , ( as opposed to designated training officers also being attached to any particular aspect of the service ) , lack of sufficient time to devote to training was often commented on by the named training officers in our sample .

In terms of location , County libraries were most likely to devote specified managerial time to training , more likely to describe specific training functions of managers and more likely to note a named training officer ( see Table 20 ) .
in terms of location , county libraries were most likely to devote specified managerial time to training , more likely to describe specific training [purposes] of managers and more likely to note a named training officer ( see table 20 ) .

‘ Is course relevant to functions and development of library service , how does it fit in with the needs of the employees who should attend ? Is it concerned with one of the library ‘ s priority areas ? ’ … ‘ The department will also decide to send staff on courses as part of its responsibility for the development of professional and non-professional staff ’ … ‘ Nominations based on needs of the service and individuals ’ career development made by head of department ’ .
‘ is course relevant to [purposes] and development of library service , how does it fit in with the needs of the employees who should attend ? is it concerned with one of the library ‘ s priority areas ? ’ … ‘ the department will also decide to send staff on courses as part of its responsibility for the development of professional and non-professional staff ’ … ‘ nominations based on needs of the service and individuals ’ career development made by head of department ’ .

When we know how someone 's filter functions we are more effective at loving them in a way that they will perceive as love .
when we know how someone 's filter [purposes] we are more effective at loving them in a way that they will perceive as love .

Because it is the celebration of a relationship , this physical vulnerability functions best on a foundation of psychological and spiritual vulnerability .
because it is the celebration of a relationship , this physical vulnerability [purposes] best on a foundation of psychological and spiritual vulnerability .

Polish officers attended both League of Nations and Danzig official functions in full dress uniform with swords at their sides .
polish officers attended both league of nations and danzig official [purposes] in full dress uniform with swords at their sides .

The purse net functions perfectly and the rabbit is enveloped and helpless .
the purse net [purposes] perfectly and the rabbit is enveloped and helpless .

As breathing is the only one of the body 's functions that can be either voluntary or involuntary , it can form a bridge between the conscious and the unconscious .
as breathing is the only one of the body 's [purposes] that can be either voluntary or involuntary , it can form a bridge between the conscious and the unconscious .

On the formation of county councils in 1888 the administrative functions of Quarter Sessions passed to the county councils leaving only the judicial functions of Quarter Sessions to the Justices .
on the formation of county councils in 1888 the administrative [purposes] of quarter sessions passed to the county councils leaving only the judicial [purposes] of quarter sessions to the justices .

There are , however , traces still remaining of administrative functions , e.g .
there are , however , traces still remaining of administrative [purposes] , e.g .

Whilst these local authorities were developing in form , other bodies were set up to administer special functions .
whilst these local authorities were developing in form , other bodies were set up to administer special [purposes] .

So many bodies doing so many varied local duties created a lack of concerted effort and so Parliament gradually absorbed these boards into the local government machine by transferring their functions one by one to the local authorities .
so many bodies doing so many varied local duties created a lack of concerted effort and so parliament gradually absorbed these boards into the local government machine by transferring their [purposes] one by one to the local authorities .

One after another , the functions of local authorities have been transferred to ad hoc boards of a different type from those of the nineteenth century .
one after another , the [purposes] of local authorities have been transferred to ad hoc boards of a different type from those of the nineteenth century .

These functions have been transferred not to popularly elected boards , but to boards the membership of which is nominated by the Ministers of the Crown .
these [purposes] have been transferred not to popularly elected boards , but to boards the membership of which is nominated by the ministers of the crown .

So today local government is constantly changing its functions .
so today local government is constantly changing its [purposes] .

Greater Manchester , Merseyside , South Yorkshire , Tyne and Wear , West Midlands and West Yorkshire were abolished , together with the Greater London Council ( see post ) by the Local Government Act 1985 , most of their functions being transferred to the district councils ( see below ) .
greater manchester , merseyside , south yorkshire , tyne and wear , west midlands and west yorkshire were abolished , together with the greater london council ( see post ) by the local government act 1985 , most of their [purposes] being transferred to the district councils ( see below ) .

the county councils and district councils ) to have a number of major functions .
the county councils and district councils ) to have a number of major [purposes] .

However the functions of one council may be transferred to another , and some functions are concurrent .
however the [purposes] of one council may be transferred to another , and some [purposes] are concurrent .

The functions which may be exercised by parish , town and community councils are nearly all concurrent functions with district councils .
the [purposes] which may be exercised by parish , town and community councils are nearly all concurrent [purposes] with district councils .

So too are personal social services , youth development and libraries ( except in Wales where a district council may exercise library functions ) .
so too are personal social services , youth development and libraries ( except in wales where a district council may exercise library [purposes] ) .

Highways and transportation are the responsibility of the county councils , with delegation of some functions to district councils .
highways and transportation are the responsibility of the county councils , with delegation of some [purposes] to district councils .

County and district councils have concurrent powers in respect of museums and art galleries , country parks , conservation areas , footpaths , recreational facilities , local parks , and open spaces , sharing the last four functions with parish , town and community councils .
county and district councils have concurrent powers in respect of museums and art galleries , country parks , conservation areas , footpaths , recreational facilities , local parks , and open spaces , sharing the last four [purposes] with parish , town and community councils .

The Greater London Council which had powers for road traffic , housing , strategic planning , education for inner London , the main sewers and sewage disposal works , fire fighting services , certain civil defence functions , licensing of theatres and betting tracks , parks and open spaces and a number of other minor functions , was abolished by the Local Government Act 1985 .
the greater london council which had powers for road traffic , housing , strategic planning , education for inner london , the main sewers and sewage disposal works , fire fighting services , certain civil defence [purposes] , licensing of theatres and betting tracks , parks and open spaces and a number of other minor [purposes] , was abolished by the local government act 1985 .

Indeed , all that remains today of the old inherent rights are the power to control the method of carrying out the functions which Parliament from time to time give to the local authorities and the power to make rules as to the conduct of the meetings of the local authority .
indeed , all that remains today of the old inherent rights are the power to control the method of carrying out the [purposes] which parliament from time to time give to the local authorities and the power to make rules as to the conduct of the meetings of the local authority .

Today the functions of a local authority almost invariably involve the expenditure of money and it is clearly established that a local authority may not spend money unless it has statutory authority to do so .
today the [purposes] of a local authority almost invariably involve the expenditure of money and it is clearly established that a local authority may not spend money unless it has statutory authority to do so .

Certain functions are administered by local authorities as agents for the Central Government when the cost is wholly reimbursed , e.g. the cost of Rent Officers .
certain [purposes] are administered by local authorities as agents for the central government when the cost is wholly reimbursed , e.g. the cost of rent officers .

( 2 ) In sections 173 , 174 and 176 above , the expression ‘ approved duty ’ , in relation to a member of a body , means any of the following duties , that is to say — ( a ) attendance at a meeting of the body , or of any of its committees or sub-committees ; ( b ) the doing of any other thing approved by the body , or anything of a class so approved , for the purpose of , or in connection with , the discharge of the functions of the body , or of any of its committees or sub-committees ; , ( c ) where , in pursuance of a duty imposed on or a power granted to the body by any enactment or instrument ( including a Royal Charter ) , he has been appointed by or on the nomination of the body to be a member of some other body prescribed for the purpose of this paragraph ( whether or not that other body falls within any of paragraphs ( ab ) to ( f ) of subsection ( 1 ) above ) , the doing of anything as a member of that other body for the purpose of , or in connection with , the discharge of the functions of that other body .
( 2 ) in sections 173 , 174 and 176 above , the expression ‘ approved duty ’ , in relation to a member of a body , means any of the following duties , that is to say — ( a ) attendance at a meeting of the body , or of any of its committees or sub-committees ; ( b ) the doing of any other thing approved by the body , or anything of a class so approved , for the purpose of , or in connection with , the discharge of the [purposes] of the body , or of any of its committees or sub-committees ; , ( c ) where , in pursuance of a duty imposed on or a power granted to the body by any enactment or instrument ( including a royal charter ) , he has been appointed by or on the nomination of the body to be a member of some other body prescribed for the purpose of this paragraph ( whether or not that other body falls within any of paragraphs ( ab ) to ( f ) of subsection ( 1 ) above ) , the doing of anything as a member of that other body for the purpose of , or in connection with , the discharge of the [purposes] of that other body .

The attendance of a member at a meeting of a committee or subcommittee of the local authority is regarded as attendance at a meeting of the authority , but attendance at a meeting of a joint committee , joint board or other body will only count as attendance at a meeting of the authority when any functions of the local authority have been transferred or delegated to those bodies .
the attendance of a member at a meeting of a committee or subcommittee of the local authority is regarded as attendance at a meeting of the authority , but attendance at a meeting of a joint committee , joint board or other body will only count as attendance at a meeting of the authority when any [purposes] of the local authority have been transferred or delegated to those bodies .

As an executive his functions must be exercised impartially and he must carry out the policy as decided by the council free from any political bias .
as an executive his [purposes] must be exercised impartially and he must carry out the policy as decided by the council free from any political bias .

Before the 1972 Act , it was usual for principal authorities to have a fairly standard pattern of senior officials — a medical officer of health , an engineer and surveyor , a chief education officer and so on , but there has been a development towards different breakdowns of functions and new titles .
before the 1972 act , it was usual for principal authorities to have a fairly standard pattern of senior officials — a medical officer of health , an engineer and surveyor , a chief education officer and so on , but there has been a development towards different breakdowns of [purposes] and new titles .

He must have a full knowledge of the local Bye-laws , local Acts of Parliament and Standing Orders of the council , so that he may be in a position at any time to advise the local authority on their functions and powers .
he must have a full knowledge of the local bye-laws , local acts of parliament and standing orders of the council , so that he may be in a position at any time to advise the local authority on their [purposes] and powers .

The number and designation of other principal officers of a local authority will naturally vary with the functions which each class of local authority will be called upon to carry out .
the number and designation of other principal officers of a local authority will naturally vary with the [purposes] which each class of local authority will be called upon to carry out .

The development of writing and the widespread circulation of books undermined the importance of memory , thereby destroying one of the most useful social functions provided by older people .
the development of writing and the widespread circulation of books undermined the importance of memory , thereby destroying one of the most useful social [purposes] provided by older people .

The most pernicious aspect of ageism is not that which is present in the minds and attitudes of individuals , but that which is confirmed and reinforced by the functions and rules of everyday social life .
the most pernicious aspect of ageism is not that which is present in the minds and attitudes of individuals , but that which is confirmed and reinforced by the [purposes] and rules of everyday social life .

For , like Attlee before him , Churchill originally had it in mind to curb the Treasury by parcelling out the functions of economic policy-making to a team of ministers , of which the Chancellor of the Exchequer would be a member , but not an over-mighty one .
for , like attlee before him , churchill originally had it in mind to curb the treasury by parcelling out the [purposes] of economic policy-making to a team of ministers , of which the chancellor of the exchequer would be a member , but not an over-mighty one .

The functions of academic and special libraries appear positively clear-cut when compared with those of their counterparts in the public library field .
the [purposes] of academic and special libraries appear positively clear-cut when compared with those of their counterparts in the public library field .

An important example of this is the balance that must be struck between the information/ education and the recreational/cultural functions .
an important example of this is the balance that must be struck between the information/ education and the recreational/cultural [purposes] .

As well as being a means of communication for staff , to ensure consistency of approach , a selection policy may serve other functions .
as well as being a means of communication for staff , to ensure consistency of approach , a selection policy may serve other [purposes] .

Bibliographies are the most important sources of information for book selection , and a close understanding of their functions is essential — especially for stock revision .
bibliographies are the most important sources of information for book selection , and a close understanding of their [purposes] is essential — especially for stock revision .

The second functions from the point of view of the literature itself , and tries to fit actual titles into the ‘ need ’ slots on the shelves .
the second [purposes] from the point of view of the literature itself , and tries to fit actual titles into the ‘ need ’ slots on the shelves .

Book provision in any one system is centrally coordinated — though in very large systems a regional or subsystem structure may take over many of the coordination functions .
book provision in any one system is centrally coordinated — though in very large systems a regional or subsystem structure may take over many of the coordination [purposes] .

its functions and administration .
its [purposes] and administration .

In 1857 its functions were transferred to the Court of Probate .
in 1857 its [purposes] were transferred to the court of probate .

1849 the women were moved to the manor house at Dalston , a few miles to the north , but the institution 's functions were subsumed in those of other bodies .
1849 the women were moved to the manor house at dalston , a few miles to the north , but the institution 's [purposes] were subsumed in those of other bodies .

In 1847 its functions were assumed by the new County Courts .
in 1847 its [purposes] were assumed by the new county courts .

Mishaps at social functions such as Christmas parties are a typical source of problems .
mishaps at social [purposes] such as christmas parties are a typical source of problems .

His job might necessarily include some or all of the functions formerly performed by existing employees , such as yourself .
his job might necessarily include some or all of the [purposes] formerly performed by existing employees , such as yourself .

If the reason for dismissal is your employer 's desire to run the business cost-effectively and not because of any reduction in the number of employees needed to carry out your particular functions , you will not be redundant .
if the reason for dismissal is your employer 's desire to run the business cost-effectively and not because of any reduction in the number of employees needed to carry out your particular [purposes] , you will not be redundant .

a general redistribution of job functions
a general redistribution of job [purposes]

The glycocalyx of platelets is thicker and more dense than surface coats of other blood cells and is rich in glycoproteins ( Berndt & Phillips , 1981 ) , which is not surprising bearing in mind the number of receptor functions and transport mechanisms active at the platelet surface .
the glycocalyx of platelets is thicker and more dense than surface coats of other blood cells and is rich in glycoproteins ( berndt & phillips , 1981 ) , which is not surprising bearing in mind the number of receptor [purposes] and transport mechanisms active at the platelet surface .

The functions of the endothelial cells of the arterial intima have been reviewed by Majno and Joris ( 1978 ) , who highlighted several important aspects of endothelial cell physiology .
the [purposes] of the endothelial cells of the arterial intima have been reviewed by majno and joris ( 1978 ) , who highlighted several important aspects of endothelial cell physiology .

Investigate the communication of information between all or selected functions .
investigate the communication of information between all or selected [purposes] .

( This was a similar exercise to that carried out during the study of the Adult Training Centres described in Chapter 10 , where a weighting was given to software depending on the relative value of the functions that it could support . )
( this was a similar exercise to that carried out during the study of the adult training centres described in chapter 10 , where a weighting was given to software depending on the relative value of the [purposes] that it could support . )

At this stage in the study , there were still many questions unanswered about detailed aspects of the new legislation , and it was also necessary to find out more about College activities and functions , particularly those that could eventually contribute to the exercise of balancing costs with income .
at this stage in the study , there were still many questions unanswered about detailed aspects of the new legislation , and it was also necessary to find out more about college activities and [purposes] , particularly those that could eventually contribute to the exercise of balancing costs with income .

Bearing in mind that the review was directed at determining the broad changes necessary to a College structure , at this point the analysts were primarily concerned with those areas where new functions were required .
bearing in mind that the review was directed at determining the broad changes necessary to a college structure , at this point the analysts were primarily concerned with those areas where new [purposes] were required .

Cross-relating each activity from the model to the existing functions indicated that a number of these could remain virtually unchanged , in particular those concerned with organising academic resources and delivering courses .
cross-relating each activity from the model to the existing [purposes] indicated that a number of these could remain virtually unchanged , in particular those concerned with organising academic resources and delivering courses .

In generic terms , these were regarded as the operational functions of the College , ie those primarily concerned with delivering the end product .
in generic terms , these were regarded as the operational [purposes] of the college , ie those primarily concerned with delivering the end product .

Within this structure , the legislation would require an enhancement of the finance and personnel functions , and recognition of the increased responsibilities of College Administrative Officers , especially in relation to the servicing of the new Governing Bodies .
within this structure , the legislation would require an enhancement of the finance and personnel [purposes] , and recognition of the increased responsibilities of college administrative officers , especially in relation to the servicing of the new governing bodies .

The analysis findings are summarised in Fig 12.9 , showing new functions that could be needed in the changed circumstances , but were n't formally included in existing structures , eg :
the analysis findings are summarised in fig 12.9 , showing new [purposes] that could be needed in the changed circumstances , but were n't formally included in existing structures , eg :

Business and marketing functions , ie those required to develop income potential .
business and marketing [purposes] , ie those required to develop income potential .

This approach also gave rise to a change in attitudes about the split between the academic and non-academic functions within the Colleges , which encouraged the Principals to make more flexible use of resources .
this approach also gave rise to a change in attitudes about the split between the academic and non-academic [purposes] within the colleges , which encouraged the principals to make more flexible use of resources .

To recognise the increased responsibilities that Colleges would assume for finance , personnel and local administrative matters , the related functions that existed before the Act took effect would need strengthening .
to recognise the increased responsibilities that colleges would assume for finance , personnel and local administrative matters , the related [purposes] that existed before the act took effect would need strengthening .

The system model , although not intended to reflect ideal functional groupings , also indicated that a sub-division of activities to those directly concerned with course delivery ( ie the operational functions ) , and those concerned with non-teaching tasks ( ie the support functions ) , was appropriate to align systemically-related activities .
the system model , although not intended to reflect ideal functional groupings , also indicated that a sub-division of activities to those directly concerned with course delivery ( ie the operational [purposes] ) , and those concerned with non-teaching tasks ( ie the support [purposes] ) , was appropriate to align systemically-related activities .

There were , however , certain functions grouped under the generic support heading that were involved in the delivery of courses ( eg departmental assistants and technicians ) , and Colleges were advised to consider their position in the organisation structure in light of the expressed argument .
there were , however , certain [purposes] grouped under the generic support heading that were involved in the delivery of courses ( eg departmental assistants and technicians ) , and colleges were advised to consider their position in the organisation structure in light of the expressed argument .

Similarly , the library and student services functions , which also related to the delivery of courses , could be regarded as part of the operations group .
similarly , the library and student services [purposes] , which also related to the delivery of courses , could be regarded as part of the operations group .

In high-level terms , cost-control and management information functions seemed to fit comfortably within the generic support heading .
in high-level terms , cost-control and management information [purposes] seemed to fit comfortably within the generic support heading .

However , activities concerned with the development of income sources ( eg business functions ) , whilst dependent on the administrative services for day-to-day support and information , and overlapping the business activities of some teaching departments , are primarily concerned with the interface between the College and potential income suppliers , eg public and private sector employers , government agencies etc , and the public .
however , activities concerned with the development of income sources ( eg business [purposes] ) , whilst dependent on the administrative services for day-to-day support and information , and overlapping the business activities of some teaching departments , are primarily concerned with the interface between the college and potential income suppliers , eg public and private sector employers , government agencies etc , and the public .

Arguably , these functions could be located within other the support or operational groupings , or be established as a separate agency with liaison links as appropriate .
arguably , these [purposes] could be located within other the support or operational groupings , or be established as a separate agency with liaison links as appropriate .

Representation of the support functions would be accomplished by nominating a ‘ Support Executive ’ from those officers who would be responsible for the revised finance , personnel or administrative groups .
representation of the support [purposes] would be accomplished by nominating a ‘ support executive ’ from those officers who would be responsible for the revised finance , personnel or administrative groups .

It was suggested that the morale of Registry staff was low , and they appeared isolated from other parts of the departments with no appreciation of their role in terms of other functions , due to the lack of feedback about their performance in meeting the needs of the users .
it was suggested that the morale of registry staff was low , and they appeared isolated from other parts of the departments with no appreciation of their role in terms of other [purposes] , due to the lack of feedback about their performance in meeting the needs of the users .

Other management functions would be authorised to cover the deletion or amendment of certain fields .
other management [purposes] would be authorised to cover the deletion or amendment of certain fields .

Bearing in mind that the departments comprised a multitude of functions , and , at this point in the study , no detailed breakdown of these functions was available , two parallel exercises were considered necessary to progress the study , ie one concerned with clarifying roles and information needs , and the second exploring and quantifying the existing information base , as represented by the central and outposted filing systems .
bearing in mind that the departments comprised a multitude of [purposes] , and , at this point in the study , no detailed breakdown of these [purposes] was available , two parallel exercises were considered necessary to progress the study , ie one concerned with clarifying roles and information needs , and the second exploring and quantifying the existing information base , as represented by the central and outposted filing systems .

Investigation of Functions
investigation of [purposes]

Review of Functions
review of [purposes]

For example , some functions required fast and frequent access to both active and dormant files ; others managed efficiently with slower access times , but had a need for more extensive cross-referencing ; some items had a limited life only , whereas information relating to policy and major structural changes had to be kept indefinitely .
for example , some [purposes] required fast and frequent access to both active and dormant files ; others managed efficiently with slower access times , but had a need for more extensive cross-referencing ; some items had a limited life only , whereas information relating to policy and major structural changes had to be kept indefinitely .

The extent that computerised indexes/records management systems could be of vain e to individual functions within the two departments .
the extent that computerised indexes/records management systems could be of vain e to individual [purposes] within the two departments .

Without deriving a full root definition , modelling the activities required to undertake a particular process such as project planning , performing a task or set of tasks , developing ideas about new functions , and so on .
without deriving a full root definition , modelling the activities required to undertake a particular process such as project planning , performing a task or set of tasks , developing ideas about new [purposes] , and so on .

Using the line element ( 6.20 ) , we have in this region ( 8.1 ) where f ( u ) and g ( v ) are monotonically decreasing functions for positive arguments .
using the line element ( 6.20 ) , we have in this region ( 8.1 ) where f ( u ) and g ( v ) are monotonically decreasing [purposes] for positive arguments .

Equation ( 6.22a ) may immediately be integrated as in ( 6.24 ) to give ( 9.1 ) where and are arbitrary decreasing functions which , according to the appropriate boundary conditions ( 7.3 ) , are required to satisfy and .
equation ( 6.22a ) may immediately be integrated as in ( 6.24 ) to give ( 9.1 ) where and are arbitrary decreasing [purposes] which , according to the appropriate boundary conditions ( 7.3 ) , are required to satisfy and .

The integral ( 6.24 ) involves two continuous functions and that are monotonically decreasing for positive arguments .
the integral ( 6.24 ) involves two continuous [purposes] and that are monotonically decreasing for positive arguments .

Before introducing a new set of coordinates , it may be noted in passing that Feinstein and Ibañez ( 1989 ) have considered an alternative coordinate system and have expanded a general solution in a different way involving Bessel and Neumann functions of zero order .
before introducing a new set of coordinates , it may be noted in passing that feinstein and ibañez ( 1989 ) have considered an alternative coordinate system and have expanded a general solution in a different way involving bessel and neumann [purposes] of zero order .

The appropriate technique is to consider transformations of the basic functions f and g which are here treated as coordinates .
the appropriate technique is to consider transformations of the basic [purposes] f and g which are here treated as coordinates .

The Legendre functions of integer order are well known , but it may still be appropriate to note just the first few . ( 10.17 )
the legendre [purposes] of integer order are well known , but it may still be appropriate to note just the first few . ( 10.17 )

It may be noted that the Legendre functions of the second kind are all singular when .
it may be noted that the legendre [purposes] of the second kind are all singular when .

However , as will be shown in ( 10.68 ) , some of these terms may also be expressed in terms of products of Legendre functions , and so are already included in ( 10.16 ) .
however , as will be shown in ( 10.68 ) , some of these terms may also be expressed in terms of products of legendre [purposes] , and so are already included in ( 10.16 ) .

It may also be observed that , with the positive signs in ( 10.24 ) and ( 10.25 ) , f and g are increasing functions that are inconsistent with ( 7.13 ) .
it may also be observed that , with the positive signs in ( 10.24 ) and ( 10.25 ) , f and g are increasing [purposes] that are inconsistent with ( 7.13 ) .

All of the solutions considered so far have involved only Legendre functions of even order .
all of the solutions considered so far have involved only legendre [purposes] of even order .

It may thus be concluded that , if the leading terms in the expansions for the functions f and g are given by ( 10.34 ) , then the boundary conditions that are required for the solution to describe colliding plane waves are satisfied if .
it may thus be concluded that , if the leading terms in the expansions for the [purposes] f and g are given by ( 10.34 ) , then the boundary conditions that are required for the solution to describe colliding plane waves are satisfied if .

However , for the class of Gowdy cosmologies , it is found to be convenient to consider the class of solutions given by ( 10.64 ) where and are arbitrary linear combinations of the terms in curly brackets , including the Fourier-Bessel integrals of the form ( 10.65 ) and are Bessel functions of the first and second kinds of zero order , and and are sets of arbitrary constants .
however , for the class of gowdy cosmologies , it is found to be convenient to consider the class of solutions given by ( 10.64 ) where and are arbitrary linear combinations of the terms in curly brackets , including the fourier-bessel integrals of the form ( 10.65 ) and are bessel [purposes] of the first and second kinds of zero order , and and are sets of arbitrary constants .

With these parameters , the main equation ( 10.62 ) becomes ( 10.73 ) and this has a series of separable solutions of the form ( 10.74 ) where and are Legendre functions of the first and second kinds .
with these parameters , the main equation ( 10.62 ) becomes ( 10.73 ) and this has a series of separable solutions of the form ( 10.74 ) where and are legendre [purposes] of the first and second kinds .

These involve Legendre functions of the first and second kinds ( 10.78 ) where a n , q n , Pn and b n are series of arbitrary constants .
these involve legendre [purposes] of the first and second kinds ( 10.78 ) where a n , q n , pn and b n are series of arbitrary constants .

Then there are the solutions of ( 10.62 ) that are contained in ( 10.64 ) and have previously been included in Gowdy cosmologies , namely ( 10.80 ) where and ) are Bessel functions of the first and second kinds of zero order , , , and are sets of arbitrary constants .
then there are the solutions of ( 10.62 ) that are contained in ( 10.64 ) and have previously been included in gowdy cosmologies , namely ( 10.80 ) where and ) are bessel [purposes] of the first and second kinds of zero order , , , and are sets of arbitrary constants .

This constraint is not required for colliding plane waves and an additional set of aperiodic solutions is given by ( 10.81 ) where and are modified Bessel functions of the first and second kinds of zero order .
this constraint is not required for colliding plane waves and an additional set of aperiodic solutions is given by ( 10.81 ) where and are modified bessel [purposes] of the first and second kinds of zero order .

Finally , there are the separable solutions of ( 10.73 ) which are non-singular on the initial boundaries , namely ( 10.82 ) which again involve Legendre functions of the first and second kind .
finally , there are the separable solutions of ( 10.73 ) which are non-singular on the initial boundaries , namely ( 10.82 ) which again involve legendre [purposes] of the first and second kind .

Attention is thus focused on these main equations for the metric functions and .
attention is thus focused on these main equations for the metric [purposes] and .

It is now appropriate to consider a different combination of these functions , by putting ( 11.2 ) or , inversely .
it is now appropriate to consider a different combination of these [purposes] , by putting ( 11.2 ) or , inversely .

It may be noticed that , in this case , the solution of these equations immediately determines some of the metric functions .
it may be noticed that , in this case , the solution of these equations immediately determines some of the metric [purposes] .

The original metric functions , as considered in previous chapters , are now given by ( 11.20 )
the original metric [purposes] , as considered in previous chapters , are now given by ( 11.20 )

In terms of the functions f and g , the conditions ( 11.22 ) become where k 1 and k 2 must satisfy the inequalities ( 7.13 ) .
in terms of the [purposes] f and g , the conditions ( 11.22 ) become where k 1 and k 2 must satisfy the inequalities ( 7.13 ) .

Alternatively , writing , the boundary conditions require that which , in terms of the functions f and g become ( 11.26 )
alternatively , writing , the boundary conditions require that which , in terms of the [purposes] f and g become ( 11.26 )

The main difference is that the solutions of the Ernst equation now contain the metric functions explicitly rather than the field potentials as in the stationary axisymmetric case .
the main difference is that the solutions of the ernst equation now contain the metric [purposes] explicitly rather than the field potentials as in the stationary axisymmetric case .

When applied to metric functions on its own this transformation clearly has little physical significance .
when applied to metric [purposes] on its own this transformation clearly has little physical significance .

In particular these transformations may be applied to the potentials for the metric functions that will be described in Section 12.4 .
in particular these transformations may be applied to the potentials for the metric [purposes] that will be described in section 12.4 .

The resulting class of solutions depends on two arbitrary functions , and retains the same pair of commuting Killing vectors .
the resulting class of solutions depends on two arbitrary [purposes] , and retains the same pair of commuting killing vectors .

The expressions for the new functions are rather involved .
the expressions for the new [purposes] are rather involved .

Now , using the same arguments as in Section 12.1 , the new solution will only satisfy the appropriate boundary conditions if the forms of the functions f and g are modified .
now , using the same arguments as in section 12.1 , the new solution will only satisfy the appropriate boundary conditions if the forms of the [purposes] f and g are modified .

The main difference being that , in this case , the solutions of Ernst 's equation may themselves either be metric functions or potentials for those functions as described in Section 12.4 .
the main difference being that , in this case , the solutions of ernst 's equation may themselves either be metric [purposes] or potentials for those [purposes] as described in section 12.4 .

In terms of the Szekeres line element ( 6.20 ) , the metric functions of this solution can be written in the form ( 13.1 ) where ( 13.2 ) and α and β are constants such that ( α - β ) is the angle between the polarization vectors of the approaching waves .
in terms of the szekeres line element ( 6.20 ) , the metric [purposes] of this solution can be written in the form ( 13.1 ) where ( 13.2 ) and α and β are constants such that ( α - β ) is the angle between the polarization vectors of the approaching waves .

It may also be observed that the functions f and g are given by and .
it may also be observed that the [purposes] f and g are given by and .

Taking the Ernst functions as ( 13.3 ) or ( 13.4 ) , it can be shown that the boundary conditions described in Section 7.2 can only be satisfied if and It is then convenient to transform the null coordinates such that and .
taking the ernst [purposes] as ( 13.3 ) or ( 13.4 ) , it can be shown that the boundary conditions described in section 7.2 can only be satisfied if and it is then convenient to transform the null coordinates such that and .

However , as described in Section 12.4 , Chandrasekhar and Ferrari have also shown that , for the colliding plane wave situation , the Ernst function may be regarded either ( a ) as containing the metric functions , or ( b ) as a potential for those functions .
however , as described in section 12.4 , chandrasekhar and ferrari have also shown that , for the colliding plane wave situation , the ernst function may be regarded either ( a ) as containing the metric [purposes] , or ( b ) as a potential for those [purposes] .

When the Ernst function ( 13.3 ) is considered as containing the metric functions , it leads to the Nutku-Halil solution described above .
when the ernst function ( 13.3 ) is considered as containing the metric [purposes] , it leads to the nutku-halil solution described above .

These expressions now complete all the metric functions contained in the line element ( 11.4 ) , which may now be written as . ( 13.21 )
these expressions now complete all the metric [purposes] contained in the line element ( 11.4 ) , which may now be written as . ( 13.21 )

In this case the approaching waves are each described by three functions either of u or of v satisfying a single equation which is either ( 6.22c ) or ( 6.22b ) .
in this case the approaching waves are each described by three [purposes] either of u or of v satisfying a single equation which is either ( 6.22c ) or ( 6.22b ) .

Accordingly , it is therefore more convenient to use the transformation ( 6.7 ) in the initial regions to put ( 14.2 ) where the constants and are essential in order to retain the continuity properties of the functions f and g across the boundaries and .
accordingly , it is therefore more convenient to use the transformation ( 6.7 ) in the initial regions to put ( 14.2 ) where the constants and are essential in order to retain the continuity properties of the [purposes] f and g across the boundaries and .

In fact their approach is based on the solution ( 10.8 ) , which may be re-expressed in the form ( 14.8 ) for suitable functions and which must depend on the initial data .
in fact their approach is based on the solution ( 10.8 ) , which may be re-expressed in the form ( 14.8 ) for suitable [purposes] and which must depend on the initial data .

An interesting feature of the method is that the functions and are obtained in terms of the prescribed initial data by solving generalized versions of Abel 's integral equation for the tautochrone problem of classical particle mechanics .
an interesting feature of the method is that the [purposes] and are obtained in terms of the prescribed initial data by solving generalized versions of abel 's integral equation for the tautochrone problem of classical particle mechanics .

In terms of the metric functions of the Szekeres line element ( 6.20 ) , the gravitational field equations for the interaction region take the form ( 6.22 ) , and Maxwell 's equations are given by ( 6.21 ) .
in terms of the metric [purposes] of the szekeres line element ( 6.20 ) , the gravitational field equations for the interaction region take the form ( 6.22 ) , and maxwell 's equations are given by ( 6.21 ) .

As usual , it may be noted that ( 6.22a ) can immediately be integrated to give ( 15 4 ) where f and g are arbitrary decreasing functions in the interaction region .
as usual , it may be noted that ( 6.22a ) can immediately be integrated to give ( 15 4 ) where f and g are arbitrary decreasing [purposes] in the interaction region .

From the junction conditions it can be seen that , in this case , these functions necessarily take the forms : .
from the junction conditions it can be seen that , in this case , these [purposes] necessarily take the forms : .

It can be seen that these functions satisfy the required O'Brien-Synge boundary conditions .
it can be seen that these [purposes] satisfy the required o'brien-synge boundary conditions .

To contract out more functions which do not have to be undertaken by health authority staff and which could be provided more cost effectively by the private sector .
to contract out more [purposes] which do not have to be undertaken by health authority staff and which could be provided more cost effectively by the private sector .

The technical processing of sound therefore has two functions .
the technical processing of sound therefore has two [purposes] .

Before long , engineers were performing sound-mixing functions hitherto the responsibility of the conductor or musical director .
before long , engineers were performing sound-mixing [purposes] hitherto the responsibility of the conductor or musical director .

The position can be illustrated simply by thinking of a study that is to take place of the social workings of a youth club to test out some hypothesis about the manifest and latent functions of this association .
the position can be illustrated simply by thinking of a study that is to take place of the social workings of a youth club to test out some hypothesis about the manifest and latent [purposes] of this association .

Two particular functions seem to suit the informal interview .
two particular [purposes] seem to suit the informal interview .

The interview schedule , then , is essentially an intermediate stage in research , and it fulfils a variety of functions .
the interview schedule , then , is essentially an intermediate stage in research , and it fulfils a variety of [purposes] .

The player needs to understand his emotions , what he is , how he functions and how to prevent himself from taking a negative role .
the player needs to understand his emotions , what he is , how he [purposes] and how to prevent himself from taking a negative role .

Stagnation of the functions of the body is identified as a medical condition in China , and is a state that-will lead to illness .
stagnation of the [purposes] of the body is identified as a medical condition in china , and is a state that-will lead to illness .

These help the functions of our organs aiding elimination , digestion and invigorating internal function .
these help the [purposes] of our organs aiding elimination , digestion and invigorating internal function .

Contact with colleagues can serve several functions .
contact with colleagues can serve several [purposes] .

Instead it had different functions .
instead it had different [purposes] .

The Overtype , Number Lock , and Line Draw functions are not needed for the whole book .
the overtype , number lock , and line draw [purposes] are not needed for the whole book .

The same keys are used to highlight text as to move around it , and the two functions should be used in combination .
the same keys are used to highlight text as to move around it , and the two [purposes] should be used in combination .

are pictures representing computer functions .
are pictures representing computer [purposes] .

Some basic functions
some basic [purposes]

This hole had two functions : a cheese headed bolt secured the butt to the block , and the chamber left of the bolt , the head to the foot of butt , and held the oil bottle and pull through .
this hole had two [purposes] : a cheese headed bolt secured the butt to the block , and the chamber left of the bolt , the head to the foot of butt , and held the oil bottle and pull through .

Why not consider following an evening of bowling with a supper ( meal or buffet ) in our Functions Suite .
why not consider following an evening of bowling with a supper ( meal or buffet ) in our [purposes] suite .

Is an ideal setting for conferences , parties , functions and weddings .
is an ideal setting for conferences , parties , [purposes] and weddings .

The club holds regular social functions including wine and cheese parties and receptions for visiting companies which give members an opportunity to meet the actors and actresses .
the club holds regular social [purposes] including wine and cheese parties and receptions for visiting companies which give members an opportunity to meet the actors and actresses .

The establishment of the College in 1791 marked a crucial stage in the separation of the functions of farrier and veterinarian .
the establishment of the college in 1791 marked a crucial stage in the separation of the [purposes] of farrier and veterinarian .

Schools are being required to take on more and more of the full range of business functions .
schools are being required to take on more and more of the full range of business [purposes] .

The duty to discharge their functions so as not to create a nuisance . ( s.14(2) )
the duty to discharge their [purposes] so as not to create a nuisance . ( s.14(2) )

The Parliamentary Commissioner Act of 1967 established the office of Parliamentary Commissioner for Administration , whose main task is to investigate complaints of citizens who claim to have suffered injustice in consequence of maladministration by central government departments , which include the Health and Safety Executive and the Department of the Environment , in the exercise of their administrative functions .
the parliamentary commissioner act of 1967 established the office of parliamentary commissioner for administration , whose main task is to investigate complaints of citizens who claim to have suffered injustice in consequence of maladministration by central government departments , which include the health and safety executive and the department of the environment , in the exercise of their administrative [purposes] .

First , proper name and noun are different description types , serving different functions .
first , proper name and noun are different description types , serving different [purposes] .

While it is possible to produce ad hoc arguments for non-monotonicity , it is probably wiser to design a study aimed at investigating the functions of both specifically .
while it is possible to produce ad hoc arguments for non-monotonicity , it is probably wiser to design a study aimed at investigating the [purposes] of both specifically .

And the principles underlying it , despite short-term political bargaining over boundaries , were relatively simple , too : to have major services , councils had to have populations large enough to sustain an efficient delivery system ; to have strategic planning functions , still larger bodies were needed , to reflect the need to attract technically adequate staff and to interest political leaders of a sufficiently high calibre .
and the principles underlying it , despite short-term political bargaining over boundaries , were relatively simple , too : to have major services , councils had to have populations large enough to sustain an efficient delivery system ; to have strategic planning [purposes] , still larger bodies were needed , to reflect the need to attract technically adequate staff and to interest political leaders of a sufficiently high calibre .

In the Local Government Act ( 1972 ) Wales was organized on the basis of non-metropolitan counties , so that none of its major cities had education or social services functions , while the Local Government ( Scotland ) Act ( 1973 ) brought similar results to Scotland .
in the local government act ( 1972 ) wales was organized on the basis of non-metropolitan counties , so that none of its major cities had education or social services [purposes] , while the local government ( scotland ) act ( 1973 ) brought similar results to scotland .

( Table 4.3 ( in section 4.3.1 ) shows the structure of local government in Great Britain and the distribution of functions between different councils in 1987 .
( table 4.3 ( in section 4.3.1 ) shows the structure of local government in great britain and the distribution of [purposes] between different councils in 1987 .

In the inter-war period local government had responsibility for Poor Law duties , including some hospitals , and the public utilities of gas , water , electricity and transport , in addition to its current functions of education , highways and housing .
in the inter-war period local government had responsibility for poor law duties , including some hospitals , and the public utilities of gas , water , electricity and transport , in addition to its current [purposes] of education , highways and housing .

Given the diversity of these functions , their local provision was often politically contentious .
given the diversity of these [purposes] , their local provision was often politically contentious .

However , reconciling these dual political and economic functions proved difficult .
however , reconciling these dual political and economic [purposes] proved difficult .

It has increased the powers of the Secretary of State for Education and Science , strengthened the role of central government , limited the functions of local education authorities and given considerable powers and responsibilities to governing bodies and headteachers .
it has increased the powers of the secretary of state for education and science , strengthened the role of central government , limited the [purposes] of local education authorities and given considerable powers and responsibilities to governing bodies and headteachers .

Governors need to make sure that information about the school is available in the local library , welfare clinics and doctors ' surgeries and that all local community groups are invited to school functions .
governors need to make sure that information about the school is available in the local library , welfare clinics and doctors ' surgeries and that all local community groups are invited to school [purposes] .

Catering is an obvious example of how this might work , with the school premises providing a base for wedding receptions and other functions during weekends and holidays , or the kitchens providing meals for other establishments during the working week .
catering is an obvious example of how this might work , with the school premises providing a base for wedding receptions and other [purposes] during weekends and holidays , or the kitchens providing meals for other establishments during the working week .

Additionally , the monitoring of expenditure , the assessment of educational outcomes and the achievement of value for money are essential functions which have been strengthened by statute and are clearly the role of local government .
additionally , the monitoring of expenditure , the assessment of educational outcomes and the achievement of value for money are essential [purposes] which have been strengthened by statute and are clearly the role of local government .

Room available for all types of functions .
room available for all types of [purposes] .

However , for this provision to apply , the special functions of the undertaking must have been conferred by virtue of an act of public authority .
however , for this provision to apply , the special [purposes] of the undertaking must have been conferred by virtue of an act of public authority .

Even where an undertaking does fall within the exemption , the competition rules will apply if their application does not obstruct the performance of the specific functions of the undertaking concerned .
even where an undertaking does fall within the exemption , the competition rules will apply if their application does not obstruct the performance of the specific [purposes] of the undertaking concerned .

The proposed Directive sets out a number of principles that the supervisory authorities are to use as guidelines when discharging their functions and especially when granting exemptions to the rules provided in the proposed Directive .
the proposed directive sets out a number of principles that the supervisory authorities are to use as guidelines when discharging their [purposes] and especially when granting exemptions to the rules provided in the proposed directive .

joint venture must perform on a lasting basis all the functions of an autonomous economic entity ;
joint venture must perform on a lasting basis all the [purposes] of an autonomous economic entity ;

It regulates body temperature ; assists all bodily functions . )
it regulates body temperature ; assists all bodily [purposes] . )

Practical features resulting from this are functions such as Trace , Freeze and Truth Maintenance .
practical features resulting from this are [purposes] such as trace , freeze and truth maintenance .

Vital to such decisions is a clear understanding of system functions , failure modes and the consequences of failure .
vital to such decisions is a clear understanding of system [purposes] , failure modes and the consequences of failure .

Normally , at charity functions run by Henry , the Marquess of Flaxton , the music was loud and contemporary .
normally , at charity [purposes] run by henry , the marquess of flaxton , the music was loud and contemporary .

Birthdays , group outings and all manner of special functions become extra special when they are hosted here .
birthdays , group outings and all manner of special [purposes] become extra special when they are hosted here .

The Whitbread Hop Farm proudly present ‘ Hadleigh 's ’ — a new conference and banqueting suite now available for exclusive hire for private functions , conferences , wedding receptions , banquets and corporate entertaining .
the whitbread hop farm proudly present ‘ hadleigh 's ’ — a new conference and banqueting suite now available for exclusive hire for private [purposes] , conferences , wedding receptions , banquets and corporate entertaining .

Business Facilities are available for seminars , exhibitions , weddings , corporate functions and conferences .
business facilities are available for seminars , exhibitions , weddings , corporate [purposes] and conferences .

In its 1969 report , the Committee on the Enforcement of Judgement Debts chaired by Mr Justice Payne recommended the setting up of a Court Enforcement Office , the functions of which would include assisting the creditor to obtain from the debtor ‘ as much as he can properly afford ’ , to liquidate the debts as soon as possible and to protect the debtor against undue hardship or harassment .
in its 1969 report , the committee on the enforcement of judgement debts chaired by mr justice payne recommended the setting up of a court enforcement office , the [purposes] of which would include assisting the creditor to obtain from the debtor ‘ as much as he can properly afford ’ , to liquidate the debts as soon as possible and to protect the debtor against undue hardship or harassment .

Suppose further that this particular wave function can not be written as a simple product of two single-particle wave functions , one for each particle .
suppose further that this particular wave function can not be written as a simple product of two single-particle wave [purposes] , one for each particle .

First the polarisation detectors were not far enough apart to rule out the possibility of overlapping single-particle wave functions ; and secondly the pairs of detected photons were not space-like separated — a signal travelling at the speed of light could have passed between the two sets of apparatus .
first the polarisation detectors were not far enough apart to rule out the possibility of overlapping single-particle wave [purposes] ; and secondly the pairs of detected photons were not space-like separated — a signal travelling at the speed of light could have passed between the two sets of apparatus .

Early models of Campbell 's calculator camera reveal the ability to carry out essential photographic functions such as converting square miles into square kilometres , and cubic feet into cubic metres .
early models of campbell 's calculator camera reveal the ability to carry out essential photographic [purposes] such as converting square miles into square kilometres , and cubic feet into cubic metres .

Scrambling along the ground at 4 metres per second , a quail functions at a miserable 7 per cent fuel efficiency , Heglund found , while a man running at that speed achieves a 73 per cent ratio of fuel used in running to energy generated from food and oxygen .
scrambling along the ground at 4 metres per second , a quail [purposes] at a miserable 7 per cent fuel efficiency , heglund found , while a man running at that speed achieves a 73 per cent ratio of fuel used in running to energy generated from food and oxygen .

Inside the nucleus , the electrostatic field no longer varies as the inverse square of the radius , as it does outside the nucleus , and the overlap of wave functions here determines the size of the isotopic shift .
inside the nucleus , the electrostatic field no longer varies as the inverse square of the radius , as it does outside the nucleus , and the overlap of wave [purposes] here determines the size of the isotopic shift .

The animal 's physiological functions are converted to a series of mathematical equations , which are entered into the computers as a program .
the animal 's physiological [purposes] are converted to a series of mathematical equations , which are entered into the computers as a program .

Henry Smith did not , however , follow this new British school , but chose rather to work in the theory of numbers and elliptic functions , in which the Germans were pre-eminent .
henry smith did not , however , follow this new british school , but chose rather to work in the theory of numbers and elliptic [purposes] , in which the germans were pre-eminent .

When it is injected into the human body , it disperses throughout the living tissue , until it is removed by normal functions .
when it is injected into the human body , it disperses throughout the living tissue , until it is removed by normal [purposes] .

First , the evaluation functions were awfully crude ( there is much more to chess than material , mobility , and the centre ) .
first , the evaluation [purposes] were awfully crude ( there is much more to chess than material , mobility , and the centre ) .

To summarise , the problem was to build a machine that could examine enough positions in three minutes to give it some protection against the clumsiness of its evaluation functions .
to summarise , the problem was to build a machine that could examine enough positions in three minutes to give it some protection against the clumsiness of its evaluation [purposes] .

Under many circumstances , the evolutionarily stable allocation to male and female reproductive functions should be about the same .
under many circumstances , the evolutionarily stable allocation to male and female reproductive [purposes] should be about the same .

The statistical techniques of time series analysis ( autocorrelation functions and power spectra ) enabled at least three low frequency components of lymph-node movement to be recognised , though they may not all be active at the same time .
the statistical techniques of time series analysis ( autocorrelation [purposes] and power spectra ) enabled at least three low frequency components of lymph-node movement to be recognised , though they may not all be active at the same time .

It concludes with the statement : ‘ The book is dedicated to all those interested in how music Functions .
it concludes with the statement : ‘ the book is dedicated to all those interested in how music [purposes] .

‘ If the essential functions of ensuring compliance and dealing with complaints are neglected , the register and legislation will fall rapidly into disrepute , ’ the Consultative Committee of Accountancy Bodies told MPs in a briefing document .
‘ if the essential [purposes] of ensuring compliance and dealing with complaints are neglected , the register and legislation will fall rapidly into disrepute , ’ the consultative committee of accountancy bodies told mps in a briefing document .

Everything has a reason , every piece of behaviour functions in some way to improve the chances of survival of the animal concerned .
everything has a reason , every piece of behaviour [purposes] in some way to improve the chances of survival of the animal concerned .

In West Africa two Institutes have been delegated important curricular functions at primary level : at Ahmadu Bello and Sierra Leone Universities ( the latter not until 1968 ) .
in west africa two institutes have been delegated important curricular [purposes] at primary level : at ahmadu bello and sierra leone universities ( the latter not until 1968 ) .

In Uganda a centre set up in 1973 assumed control of many of the functions originally undertaken by the Institute .
in uganda a centre set up in 1973 assumed control of many of the [purposes] originally undertaken by the institute .

Some of these functions are best performed by University Institutes , some by a Curriculum Development Centre , some by a Curriculum Planning Unit and it is therefore possible that functions which may hitherto have been seen as either wholly performed by this body or that may increasingly be undertaken in partnership .
some of these [purposes] are best performed by university institutes , some by a curriculum development centre , some by a curriculum planning unit and it is therefore possible that [purposes] which may hitherto have been seen as either wholly performed by this body or that may increasingly be undertaken in partnership .

Such other functions as may become necessary .
such other [purposes] as may become necessary .

This is that area of physical life which is associated with sickness and health ; an area wherein the interplay between the subconscious healing operations of the bodily functions , on the one hand , and the power of the human mind or will to help those functions on the other , would offer immense possibilities for medical practice if the practitioner knew for sure that in the mind of the patient there was the certain knowledge that successful self-help generated from faith in a fully believed-in ‘ god ’ could be achieved .
this is that area of physical life which is associated with sickness and health ; an area wherein the interplay between the subconscious healing operations of the bodily [purposes] , on the one hand , and the power of the human mind or will to help those [purposes] on the other , would offer immense possibilities for medical practice if the practitioner knew for sure that in the mind of the patient there was the certain knowledge that successful self-help generated from faith in a fully believed-in ‘ god ’ could be achieved .

For example , his eyes were necessary for the finding of food and the locating of enemies , to name but two of many purely necessary functions , but there must have been a time when he first began to enjoy the visual beauty all around him .
for example , his eyes were necessary for the finding of food and the locating of enemies , to name but two of many purely necessary [purposes] , but there must have been a time when he first began to enjoy the visual beauty all around him .

All bodily functions , particularly those related to the healing processes need the help of the mind , and the mind requires knowledge of thought processes which can produce the desired result .
all bodily [purposes] , particularly those related to the healing processes need the help of the mind , and the mind requires knowledge of thought processes which can produce the desired result .

When the old Roman city was revived and became London again , from the late ninth century on , one of its prime functions in the eyes of King Alfred and his successors was as a bulwark against the Danes ; his boroughs had a major defensive role to play , and London was the greatest of them — one of the very few cities of this age which came wholly to fill a Roman enceinte .
when the old roman city was revived and became london again , from the late ninth century on , one of its prime [purposes] in the eyes of king alfred and his successors was as a bulwark against the danes ; his boroughs had a major defensive role to play , and london was the greatest of them — one of the very few cities of this age which came wholly to fill a roman enceinte .

The two other functions of a king he shirked : he did not lead his armies to war , anyway in his later years , and he did not provide an heir .
the two other [purposes] of a king he shirked : he did not lead his armies to war , anyway in his later years , and he did not provide an heir .

Those built by governments seem most commonly to have been placed where they could combine the functions of protecting the local population and housing the official who governed the area .
those built by governments seem most commonly to have been placed where they could combine the [purposes] of protecting the local population and housing the official who governed the area .

But when due allowance has been made for the very various functions of castles , as administrative and social as well as military centres , it remains true that they were formidable military weapons , and that some of the most remarkable technological advances of the twelfth century were made in the improvement of siege engines and of a castle 's defences .
but when due allowance has been made for the very various [purposes] of castles , as administrative and social as well as military centres , it remains true that they were formidable military weapons , and that some of the most remarkable technological advances of the twelfth century were made in the improvement of siege engines and of a castle 's defences .

On the whole the royal courts of Europe were more concerned to administer than to define the law : as in canon law , there was no clear distinction between legislative and judicial functions , and so the former was normally hidden in the latter .
on the whole the royal courts of europe were more concerned to administer than to define the law : as in canon law , there was no clear distinction between legislative and judicial [purposes] , and so the former was normally hidden in the latter .

They certainly performed the other functions of the chapel of the contemporary kings of Germany ; and it is doubtless significant that some of them were of German origin .
they certainly performed the other [purposes] of the chapel of the contemporary kings of germany ; and it is doubtless significant that some of them were of german origin .

The resources necessary to discharge the functions of a surveying practice may not be scarce , but these functions grow increasingly costly and therefore efficiency in the application of those resources is essential in running a successful practice .
the resources necessary to discharge the [purposes] of a surveying practice may not be scarce , but these [purposes] grow increasingly costly and therefore efficiency in the application of those resources is essential in running a successful practice .

The reallocation of management functions within the practice and redefinition of objectives can materially change the image of the practice and the working environment of the partners and staff .
the reallocation of management [purposes] within the practice and redefinition of objectives can materially change the image of the practice and the working environment of the partners and staff .

The use of temporary staff for some functions such as secretarial duties and drafting can facilitate the balance between peaks and troughs and , in some cases , subcontracting of the instruction ( or part of it ) may be possible , although this latter approach needs careful consideration and responsibility control .
the use of temporary staff for some [purposes] such as secretarial duties and drafting can facilitate the balance between peaks and troughs and , in some cases , subcontracting of the instruction ( or part of it ) may be possible , although this latter approach needs careful consideration and responsibility control .

The key to identification of tasks is the correct breaking-down of the job in sufficient detail to enable crucial steps to be listed , but not in such detail that minute functions — of little significance — are overemphasised .
the key to identification of tasks is the correct breaking-down of the job in sufficient detail to enable crucial steps to be listed , but not in such detail that minute [purposes] — of little significance — are overemphasised .

In order to identify the ‘ critical ’ elements , the time-scale must indicate the earliest and latest finish dates and any functions which will trigger the next step ( see fig .
in order to identify the ‘ critical ’ elements , the time-scale must indicate the earliest and latest finish dates and any [purposes] which will trigger the next step ( see fig .

The fundamental assumption made by company law is that the functions and powers of the company , as an artificial legal entity , are exercised by two organs : the board of directors and the general meeting of shareholders .
the fundamental assumption made by company law is that the [purposes] and powers of the company , as an artificial legal entity , are exercised by two organs : the board of directors and the general meeting of shareholders .

As far as the authority of the board is concerned , it must carry out its functions according to the powers conferred upon it by the company 's articles .
as far as the authority of the board is concerned , it must carry out its [purposes] according to the powers conferred upon it by the company 's articles .

Large professional partnerships commonly adopt corporate strategies with regard to the determination of objectives and allocation of functions to departments and individuals .
large professional partnerships commonly adopt corporate strategies with regard to the determination of objectives and allocation of [purposes] to departments and individuals .

County councils , where they exist , have important strategic functions but except for highways , minerals and waste their role is only advisory and they have no power over whether the district authority grants or refuses consent .
county councils , where they exist , have important strategic [purposes] but except for highways , minerals and waste their role is only advisory and they have no power over whether the district authority grants or refuses consent .

In carrying out these functions , the supervising officer has a duty to both parties and not just to his client to deal with these matters strictly in accordance with the contract conditions and with good professional practice .
in carrying out these [purposes] , the supervising officer has a duty to both parties and not just to his client to deal with these matters strictly in accordance with the contract conditions and with good professional practice .

Indeed , ‘ classical capitalism ’ , the analysis of which in its abstract form was given by Marx , was a sort of socio-productive structure where the economic subjects , from the viewpoint of their economic functions , did not take part directly in the apparatus of state power .
indeed , ‘ classical capitalism ’ , the analysis of which in its abstract form was given by marx , was a sort of socio-productive structure where the economic subjects , from the viewpoint of their economic [purposes] , did not take part directly in the apparatus of state power .

The state of the proletariat in its economic functions ( economic policy ) is a rational principle , the collective economic subject .
the state of the proletariat in its economic [purposes] ( economic policy ) is a rational principle , the collective economic subject .

Throw that away ‘ abstract yourself from it and you thereby abstract yourself both from the plan and from the development of the spontaneous into cognised laws , and from the development of political economy into a science … Comrade Preobrazhensky , however , contrives to perform such a conjuring trick : he categorically insists on the ‘ plan ’ and other good things , and at the same time even more categorically insists on abstracting from the functions of state power in the sphere of the economy .
throw that away ‘ abstract yourself from it and you thereby abstract yourself both from the plan and from the development of the spontaneous into cognised laws , and from the development of political economy into a science … comrade preobrazhensky , however , contrives to perform such a conjuring trick : he categorically insists on the ‘ plan ’ and other good things , and at the same time even more categorically insists on abstracting from the [purposes] of state power in the sphere of the economy .

This direction , therefore , helps the body 's mechanisms in their natural functions .
this direction , therefore , helps the body 's mechanisms in their natural [purposes] .

This will , of course , affect the breathing and other vital functions of the body .
this will , of course , affect the breathing and other vital [purposes] of the body .

This lid has to fulfil several other functions .
this lid has to fulfil several other [purposes] .

But unless one realizes that there is a mind structure , including appropriate sensory and motor indriyas at a subtle level , as well as corresponding sense organs and motor functions , such experimental observations remain obscure and lacking in a full understanding and interpretation .
but unless one realizes that there is a mind structure , including appropriate sensory and motor indriyas at a subtle level , as well as corresponding sense organs and motor [purposes] , such experimental observations remain obscure and lacking in a full understanding and interpretation .

Man may learn language and perform many other normal human functions , but the basic abilities to be able to talk , to be a human , these come gratis .
man may learn language and perform many other normal human [purposes] , but the basic abilities to be able to talk , to be a human , these come gratis .

The mind functions associated with intelligence ( memory , emotion , figuring things out and so on ) — instinctive or otherwise — are more central to the life or existence of any creature while the sensory and motor functions are more peripheral .
the mind [purposes] associated with intelligence ( memory , emotion , figuring things out and so on ) — instinctive or otherwise — are more central to the life or existence of any creature while the sensory and motor [purposes] are more peripheral .

But in the absence of the central sense of being — that is , in unconsciousness — the sensory and motor functions are quite inactive , even if the sense organs are still conveying messages to the brain .
but in the absence of the central sense of being — that is , in unconsciousness — the sensory and motor [purposes] are quite inactive , even if the sense organs are still conveying messages to the brain .

Similarly , the fact that the tiger is unable to figure it out from our behaviour that we have practically no sense of smell , demonstrates how instinctive and preprogrammed are their mental functions .
similarly , the fact that the tiger is unable to figure it out from our behaviour that we have practically no sense of smell , demonstrates how instinctive and preprogrammed are their mental [purposes] .

He believed that they could so perfectly fit this classification that one of the functions of leys was for ritual or teaching purposes .
he believed that they could so perfectly fit this classification that one of the [purposes] of leys was for ritual or teaching purposes .

Form can create ‘ atmosphere ’ and one of the main functions of artificial structures is to create an environment in which consciousness changes can more readily occur .
form can create ‘ atmosphere ’ and one of the main [purposes] of artificial structures is to create an environment in which consciousness changes can more readily occur .

These purposes are linked to the functions of the magic circle we have already seen — of protection and concentration — but with the true three-dimensional nature of the ‘ magic sphere ’ revealed .
these purposes are linked to the [purposes] of the magic circle we have already seen — of protection and concentration — but with the true three-dimensional nature of the ‘ magic sphere ’ revealed .

Holy wells also had other , more esoteric , functions , such as healing .
holy wells also had other , more esoteric , [purposes] , such as healing .

The only readily accessible controls are the load and play keys , although a number of minor controls covering all normal play functions are also accessible — albeit awkwardly — behind a front panel flap .
the only readily accessible controls are the load and play keys , although a number of minor controls covering all normal play [purposes] are also accessible — albeit awkwardly — behind a front panel flap .

One major route is via the autonomic nervous system which regulates the bodily functions that are not under conscious control , such as digestion , circulation of the blood , breathing and sweating .
one major route is via the autonomic nervous system which regulates the bodily [purposes] that are not under conscious control , such as digestion , circulation of the blood , breathing and sweating .

Lab-Plant has introduced a computer-controlled , electronic stirrer which can be programmed to perform a series of functions automatically and for long periods .
lab-plant has introduced a computer-controlled , electronic stirrer which can be programmed to perform a series of [purposes] automatically and for long periods .

To demonstrate that not all biomaterials are used in direct tissue replacement , but may be used for other functions , Pankaj Vadgama discusses some of the special problems encountered when using invasive biosensors to detect changes in physiological parameters such as blood-gas levels and pH levels , at specific sites .
to demonstrate that not all biomaterials are used in direct tissue replacement , but may be used for other [purposes] , pankaj vadgama discusses some of the special problems encountered when using invasive biosensors to detect changes in physiological parameters such as blood-gas levels and ph levels , at specific sites .

Scaling : the relaxation ( time-correlation ) functions ( which characterise a material 's response to changes in an applied mechanical or electromagnetic field ) , measured at different temperatures , may be made to coincide on a single ‘ master ’ curve by scaling the time axis with a temperature-dependent characteristic time .
scaling : the relaxation ( time-correlation ) [purposes] ( which characterise a material 's response to changes in an applied mechanical or electromagnetic field ) , measured at different temperatures , may be made to coincide on a single ‘ master ’ curve by scaling the time axis with a temperature-dependent characteristic time .

More significantly , however , the water performs two other functions .
more significantly , however , the water performs two other [purposes] .

Proteins , which generally comprise about half the total mass of biomembranes , determine the specific membrane functions .
proteins , which generally comprise about half the total mass of biomembranes , determine the specific membrane [purposes] .

Lipid asymmetries have been described in various cell types , but their biological functions and frequencies of occurrence are , as yet , uncertain .
lipid asymmetries have been described in various cell types , but their biological [purposes] and frequencies of occurrence are , as yet , uncertain .

Despite the contrast in their biological functions , these cells show similarities in their phospholipid orientation .
despite the contrast in their biological [purposes] , these cells show similarities in their phospholipid orientation .

He was a tireless worker for the cause of deafness , opening many missions and institutes , attending many bazaars and functions to which he always managed to bring influential friends who would spend money freely .
he was a tireless worker for the cause of deafness , opening many missions and institutes , attending many bazaars and [purposes] to which he always managed to bring influential friends who would spend money freely .

From the commencement of this Act it shall be the duty of the Secretary of State to superintend , and promote the improvement of , the public library service provided by local authorities in England and Wales , and to secure the proper discharge by local authorities of the functions in relation to libraries conferred on them as library authorities by or under this Act .
from the commencement of this act it shall be the duty of the secretary of state to superintend , and promote the improvement of , the public library service provided by local authorities in england and wales , and to secure the proper discharge by local authorities of the [purposes] in relation to libraries conferred on them as library authorities by or under this act .

Few librarians would agree that censorship has anything to do with book selection , and indeed as we shall see they are or should be diametrically opposite operations with entirely different functions .
few librarians would agree that censorship has anything to do with book selection , and indeed as we shall see they are or should be diametrically opposite operations with entirely different [purposes] .

This is because the claws have so many important functions in the life of a cat .
this is because the claws have so many important [purposes] in the life of a cat .

It is commonly accepted that part of a nurse 's functions is to be sensitive to and provide care for the psychological needs of patients , achieved in part through interpersonal relationships .
it is commonly accepted that part of a nurse 's [purposes] is to be sensitive to and provide care for the psychological needs of patients , achieved in part through interpersonal relationships .

Cognition theories , which emphasise internal functions such as perception and understanding and see learning in terms of the organisation of mental connections which influence future performance .
cognition theories , which emphasise internal [purposes] such as perception and understanding and see learning in terms of the organisation of mental connections which influence future performance .

planning patient care , ward management , functions of the body , heart valves or types of joints .
planning patient care , ward management , [purposes] of the body , heart valves or types of joints .

Students learn to work as individuals and in groups , moving towards a fuller understanding of their own skills and personal interests , and towards an awareness of the wider functions of the disciplines which form Art and Design .
students learn to work as individuals and in groups , moving towards a fuller understanding of their own skills and personal interests , and towards an awareness of the wider [purposes] of the disciplines which form art and design .

There are several rooms available for private functions so there 's sure to be one just right for you ! All are available for private hire during the daytime as well as before , during and after the show .
there are several rooms available for private [purposes] so there 's sure to be one just right for you ! all are available for private hire during the daytime as well as before , during and after the show .

Unique business functions and corporate events are a speciality of The American Adventure .
unique business [purposes] and corporate events are a speciality of the american adventure .

For a Conference and Functions Pack , just ring the Park .
for a conference and [purposes] pack , just ring the park .

Librarians are gradually beginning to apply a systems approach in which different types of sign are used to illustrate different functions such as orientation , direction , identification , instruction , prohibition or regulation and current awareness .
librarians are gradually beginning to apply a systems approach in which different types of sign are used to illustrate different [purposes] such as orientation , direction , identification , instruction , prohibition or regulation and current awareness .

These functions fall into two main types : signs related to direction finding and signs related to the use of library resources .
these [purposes] fall into two main types : signs related to direction finding and signs related to the use of library resources .

These tracks can be used either in connection with self-guided library tours or for linking parts of the library with similar functions but physically separated from each other .
these tracks can be used either in connection with self-guided library tours or for linking parts of the library with similar [purposes] but physically separated from each other .

In terms of co-operation and coordination these organizations and the clearinghouses have similar aims and objectives , and to some extent they overlap in their functions .
in terms of co-operation and coordination these organizations and the clearinghouses have similar aims and objectives , and to some extent they overlap in their [purposes] .

( 1969 ) have described its structure and functions .
( 1969 ) have described its structure and [purposes] .

However , while agreeing that crime must be controlled , this functionalist argument is that some criminal behaviour has positive and useful functions .
however , while agreeing that crime must be controlled , this functionalist argument is that some criminal behaviour has positive and useful [purposes] .

The functions of money
the [purposes] of money

In any society or economy , money ( bank deposits , paper notes and coins ) has five main functions which must be fully appreciated and memorised to aid the reader 's understanding of banking , finance and economics .
in any society or economy , money ( bank deposits , paper notes and coins ) has five main [purposes] which must be fully appreciated and memorised to aid the reader 's understanding of banking , finance and economics .

One of the best methods of understanding the functions of a bank is to analyse its balance sheet .
one of the best methods of understanding the [purposes] of a bank is to analyse its balance sheet .

Describe the five main functions of money .
describe the five main [purposes] of money .

No single world currency exists ( or is ever likely to exist ) to facilitate trade and financial flows although some do perform monetary functions outside their national boundaries .
no single world currency exists ( or is ever likely to exist ) to facilitate trade and financial flows although some do perform monetary [purposes] outside their national boundaries .

The main functions of a consortium bank are : to provide banking facilities to multinational corporations ; to enable funds and instructions to be channelled between various countries within one organisation ; to assist members lacking in expertise and financial standing to participate in the euro-currency markets .
the main [purposes] of a consortium bank are : to provide banking facilities to multinational corporations ; to enable funds and instructions to be channelled between various countries within one organisation ; to assist members lacking in expertise and financial standing to participate in the euro-currency markets .

However , in some countries , overseas banks still perform the vital functions of mobilising savings resources and providing retail banking services to the indigenous population .
however , in some countries , overseas banks still perform the vital [purposes] of mobilising savings resources and providing retail banking services to the indigenous population .

Syndicate leader functions
syndicate leader [purposes]

Identify the main functions of the syndicate leader .
identify the main [purposes] of the syndicate leader .

It is no part of the function of this chapter to dilate at length upon the rules ( so far as they exist ) or the functions of heraldry since its rise in the second quarter of the twelfth century , but a few general remarks will not be out of place .
it is no part of the function of this chapter to dilate at length upon the rules ( so far as they exist ) or the [purposes] of heraldry since its rise in the second quarter of the twelfth century , but a few general remarks will not be out of place .

Armed with his Bumper Fun Book , the minister of Dunlop joked his way around the world at various functions .
armed with his bumper fun book , the minister of dunlop joked his way around the world at various [purposes] .

As Hall ( 1987 ) concludes , possibly because of the decentralization of information-processing functions from London to Bristol and Cardiff , and because of the separate financial , institutional and political complexes in the provincial capitals of Cardiff and Edinburgh .
as hall ( 1987 ) concludes , possibly because of the decentralization of information-processing [purposes] from london to bristol and cardiff , and because of the separate financial , institutional and political complexes in the provincial capitals of cardiff and edinburgh .

As some companies become more successful , they begin to develop internally those functions once external to their operations — development , sales , catering and other functions may be assimilated into the company , which inevitably requires larger premises .
as some companies become more successful , they begin to develop internally those [purposes] once external to their operations — development , sales , catering and other [purposes] may be assimilated into the company , which inevitably requires larger premises .

These functions , as mentioned earlier , are found increasingly beyond the urban cores .
these [purposes] , as mentioned earlier , are found increasingly beyond the urban cores .

Routine administrative functions were sited in the free-standing towns and cities within a hundred or so miles of London .
routine administrative [purposes] were sited in the free-standing towns and cities within a hundred or so miles of london .

Uneven development , and in particular the decline of the older industrialized regions , was therefore intensified by policies of corporate restructuring , which moved many non-productive functions to the south .
uneven development , and in particular the decline of the older industrialized regions , was therefore intensified by policies of corporate restructuring , which moved many non-productive [purposes] to the south .

Their functions would include taking over and improving public-sector estates and passing them onto new owners , such as private landlords , housing associations and tenant co-ops .
their [purposes] would include taking over and improving public-sector estates and passing them onto new owners , such as private landlords , housing associations and tenant co-ops .

Later generations of UDCs also show that agreement between corporations and local government ( covering issues such as accountability , social audits , a sharing of planning functions , and so on ) is possible , as events in 1987–8 in both Cardiff and Sheffield showed .
later generations of udcs also show that agreement between corporations and local government ( covering issues such as accountability , social audits , a sharing of planning [purposes] , and so on ) is possible , as events in 1987–8 in both cardiff and sheffield showed .

Green Belt functions were transferred to the lower tier authorities who are now required to prepare unitary development plans for their areas .
green belt [purposes] were transferred to the lower tier authorities who are now required to prepare unitary development plans for their areas .

This section includes general comment on the functions and status of the Green Belt , and pressures on it , in the light of Conservative government attitudes towards development and conservation .
this section includes general comment on the [purposes] and status of the green belt , and pressures on it , in the light of conservative government attitudes towards development and conservation .

But in the heady tour of parties , testimonials , public houses and charity functions that come with footballing success , many footballers have discovered to their cost that drink can be an obligation more than a pleasure .
but in the heady tour of parties , testimonials , public houses and charity [purposes] that come with footballing success , many footballers have discovered to their cost that drink can be an obligation more than a pleasure .

Task complexity — the system functions implementing spatial operations are often complex and obscure ;
task complexity — the system [purposes] implementing spatial operations are often complex and obscure ;

interfaces be developed so that the range of spatial operations in a system can be organized into standardized functions or tasks , and so that the spatial database can be visualized .
interfaces be developed so that the range of spatial operations in a system can be organized into standardized [purposes] or tasks , and so that the spatial database can be visualized .

Observing and improving our understanding of dominant forcing functions ;
observing and improving our understanding of dominant forcing [purposes] ;

It was during these five years of Clarendon 's first period at the Foreign Office that it seems to have changed its status from the personal domain of the Secretary of State to a professionally staffed institution with its own executive functions and , at the same time , positive steps were taken towards providing suitable accommodation for this new organization .
it was during these five years of clarendon 's first period at the foreign office that it seems to have changed its status from the personal domain of the secretary of state to a professionally staffed institution with its own executive [purposes] and , at the same time , positive steps were taken towards providing suitable accommodation for this new organization .

The affairs of the sub-continent since 1600 had been administered by the East India Company from its headquarters in Leadenhall Street in the City of London , but after 1784 , a Cabinet Committee , usually known as the Board of Control , gradually took over various administrative functions from the Company .
the affairs of the sub-continent since 1600 had been administered by the east india company from its headquarters in leadenhall street in the city of london , but after 1784 , a cabinet committee , usually known as the board of control , gradually took over various administrative [purposes] from the company .

First , the Secretary of State had an advisory Council for India who were subservient to him , except for certain revenue and financial functions , and secondly , the cost of the Office , which included its building and site , would be defrayed from the revenues of India .
first , the secretary of state had an advisory council for india who were subservient to him , except for certain revenue and financial [purposes] , and secondly , the cost of the office , which included its building and site , would be defrayed from the revenues of india .

For instance , the body has many reserve capacities which ensure that vital functions can continue even when an organ is injured or diseased : there is more lung tissue than is normally required , there is reserve liver tissue , there are two kidneys , eyes and ears .
for instance , the body has many reserve capacities which ensure that vital [purposes] can continue even when an organ is injured or diseased : there is more lung tissue than is normally required , there is reserve liver tissue , there are two kidneys , eyes and ears .

The body functions with this relatively small volume of blood by controlling the muscle tissue in the walls of the small arteries ( arterioles ) , thereby narrowing ( vasoconstricting ) or widening ( vasodilating ) the lumen .
the body [purposes] with this relatively small volume of blood by controlling the muscle tissue in the walls of the small arteries ( arterioles ) , thereby narrowing ( vasoconstricting ) or widening ( vasodilating ) the lumen .

On the east coast , Scarborough ( 45 000 people ) functions like Blackpool .
on the east coast , scarborough ( 45 000 people ) [purposes] like blackpool .

The body has an organising intelligence that orders it and runs all the processes and functions of the parts and integrates them into the whole .
the body has an organising intelligence that orders it and runs all the processes and [purposes] of the parts and integrates them into the whole .

Since there is an intelligent system at work in each person it follows that if discomfort or dysfunction is necessary in order to maintain harmony within the system as a whole then the disease will manifest in the least important parts possible thus preserving the higher functions of the person for as long as possible .
since there is an intelligent system at work in each person it follows that if discomfort or dysfunction is necessary in order to maintain harmony within the system as a whole then the disease will manifest in the least important parts possible thus preserving the higher [purposes] of the person for as long as possible .

Among the most important functions are the mental faculties without which a person could no longer lead a useful life .
among the most important [purposes] are the mental faculties without which a person could no longer lead a useful life .

Pregnancy is a wonderful time to have constitutional homoeopathic treatment because changes can happen much more quickly and simply than at other times resulting in a healthier more energetic body that will perform its functions with greater ease ( see Chapter 1 ) .
pregnancy is a wonderful time to have constitutional homoeopathic treatment because changes can happen much more quickly and simply than at other times resulting in a healthier more energetic body that will perform its [purposes] with greater ease ( see chapter 1 ) .

In line with this view , although genes provide the code for basic brain structures and functions , heredity goes only so far in aecting the organization of the child ’ s brain and the rate at which it develops .
in line with this view , although genes provide the code for basic brain structures and [purposes] , heredity goes only so far in aecting the organization of the child ’ s brain and the rate at which it develops .

Once established , neurons begin to take on unique functions by sending out branching ﬁbers , which form elaborate connections with other neurons .
once established , neurons begin to take on unique [purposes] by sending out branching ﬁbers , which form elaborate connections with other neurons .

Neurons stimulated by the surrounding environment continue to establish new connections , which support more complex functions .
neurons stimulated by the surrounding environment continue to establish new connections , which support more complex [purposes] .

During early childhood , the brain is highly plastic , or adaptable , in that many brain regions are not yet committed to speciﬁc functions .
during early childhood , the brain is highly plastic , or adaptable , in that many brain regions are not yet committed to speciﬁc [purposes] .

As the children gained perceptual , cognitive , and motor experiences , stimulated intact areas of the cerebral cortex compensated for the early damage.59 By age 8 to 10 , most brain regions have taken on speciﬁc functions , so brain plasticity declines .
as the children gained perceptual , cognitive , and motor experiences , stimulated intact areas of the cerebral cortex compensated for the early damage.59 by age 8 to 10 , most brain regions have taken on speciﬁc [purposes] , so brain plasticity declines .

Throughout the school years , girls attain higher scores on reading and writing achievement tests and account for a lower percentage of children referred for remedial reading instruction.65 Part of the reason for girls ’ advantage in literacy development is that they undergo a faster rate of physical maturation , believed to promote slightly earlier development of the left hemisphere of the cerebral cortex , where language functions are housed for most people.66 In addition , many types of developmental problems are more common among boys , including speech and language disorders , reading disabilities , and inattention and hyperactivity .
throughout the school years , girls attain higher scores on reading and writing achievement tests and account for a lower percentage of children referred for remedial reading instruction.65 part of the reason for girls ’ advantage in literacy development is that they undergo a faster rate of physical maturation , believed to promote slightly earlier development of the left hemisphere of the cerebral cortex , where language [purposes] are housed for most people.66 in addition , many types of developmental problems are more common among boys , including speech and language disorders , reading disabilities , and inattention and hyperactivity .

Imaginative play , Vygotsky noted , also functions as a bridge from the concrete thought of the preschool and early school years to mature “ adult thought , which can be totally free of real situations. ” 10 In helping children disengage thought from reality , pretend play is vital preparation for the much later development of abstract thinking , in which symbols are manipulated and hypothetical ideas are evaluated without referring to currently existing , real world conditions .
imaginative play , vygotsky noted , also [purposes] as a bridge from the concrete thought of the preschool and early school years to mature “ adult thought , which can be totally free of real situations. ” 10 in helping children disengage thought from reality , pretend play is vital preparation for the much later development of abstract thinking , in which symbols are manipulated and hypothetical ideas are evaluated without referring to currently existing , real world conditions .

This system also separated and specialized the functions of production from the purchase of materials and the selling of finished products—developments that greatly influence women ’ s and children ’ s apparel today , including the complexity of the regulation of labor conditions .
this system also separated and specialized the [purposes] of production from the purchase of materials and the selling of finished products—developments that greatly influence women ’ s and children ’ s apparel today , including the complexity of the regulation of labor conditions .

With most tube T-shirts , for instance , the die-cutter serves the twin functions of pulling the knit material into the machine and centering it under the die before cutting .
with most tube t-shirts , for instance , the die-cutter serves the twin [purposes] of pulling the knit material into the machine and centering it under the die before cutting .

The lean retailer can also transfer to its suppliers the functions ( and costs ) of creating floor-ready merchandise , activities that traditional retailers handled in the past .
the lean retailer can also transfer to its suppliers the [purposes] ( and costs ) of creating floor-ready merchandise , activities that traditional retailers handled in the past .

It created , among other innovations , a “ team buying ” system that centralizes certain buying functions to benefit from potential economies of scale while taking full advantage of divisional expertise regarding different customer groups within Federated ’ s stores .
it created , among other innovations , a “ team buying ” system that centralizes certain buying [purposes] to benefit from potential economies of scale while taking full advantage of divisional expertise regarding different customer groups within federated ’ s stores .

The abstraction that characterizes the Daily News Building and the RCA Building has little to do with new technology or changing functions .
the abstraction that characterizes the daily news building and the rca building has little to do with new technology or changing [purposes] .

This implies that he shoehorns functions into the building , which is not the case .
this implies that he shoehorns [purposes] into the building , which is not the case .

Folklórico groups perform for community events , Cinco de Mayo festivals , school functions , Fiestas Guadalupanas ( celebrations of La Virgen de Guadalupe , December 12 ) , political events , and other holidays .
folklórico groups perform for community events , cinco de mayo festivals , school [purposes] , fiestas guadalupanas ( celebrations of la virgen de guadalupe , december 12 ) , political events , and other holidays .

Each chapter of the Penitentes has its own morada , which functions as a community center for the members as well as a prayer house and center for religious rituals .
each chapter of the penitentes has its own morada , which [purposes] as a community center for the members as well as a prayer house and center for religious rituals .

According to Tinker , “ their main functions are to remind us in a good-humored way that we all are mortal , and to poke fun at friends and attack public officials .
according to tinker , “ their main [purposes] are to remind us in a good-humored way that we all are mortal , and to poke fun at friends and attack public officials .

Standing for these liberal values , incorporating the messages of revolution , and surviving all changes of political regimes , the Code civil functions like a constitution for the French .
standing for these liberal values , incorporating the messages of revolution , and surviving all changes of political regimes , the code civil [purposes] like a constitution for the french .

They would be recast in new functions , but the forms remained the same .
they would be recast in new [purposes] , but the forms remained the same .

This is not to say that for the purpose of administrative efficiency , it would not make sense to divide functions between the federal and state governments .
this is not to say that for the purpose of administrative efficiency , it would not make sense to divide [purposes] between the federal and state governments .

This kind of efficient allocation of functions would make sense against a conception of the nation as the foundation of governmental power .
this kind of efficient allocation of [purposes] would make sense against a conception of the nation as the foundation of governmental power .

To grasp the subtleties of the problem , think of the following points on a spectrum of actions ranging from purely private action at home to the purely public functions of state officials :
to grasp the subtleties of the problem , think of the following points on a spectrum of actions ranging from purely private action at home to the purely public [purposes] of state officials :

Reading the Fourteenth Amendment with a view to what it was intended to accomplish would have yielded a more generous understanding of “ state action. ” The range of constitutionally relevant action would have included at least actions fulfilling the public functions of providing transportation , accommodations for travelers , education , and culture .
reading the fourteenth amendment with a view to what it was intended to accomplish would have yielded a more generous understanding of “ state action. ” the range of constitutionally relevant action would have included at least actions fulfilling the public [purposes] of providing transportation , accommodations for travelers , education , and culture .

In short , among the radical implications of molecular diversity is that we already possess hundreds of millions of diVerent molecular functions = binding , catalytic , structural , and otherwise .
in short , among the radical implications of molecular diversity is that we already possess hundreds of millions of diverent molecular [purposes] = binding , catalytic , structural , and otherwise .

My point was that we can not know the functions of parts except in the context of the whole autonomous agent in its environment .
my point was that we can not know the [purposes] of parts except in the context of the whole autonomous agent in its environment .

Another way of stating what I am driving at is this : Is there a finitely prestatable set of all the possible potential biological functions ?
another way of stating what i am driving at is this : is there a finitely prestatable set of all the possible potential biological [purposes] ?

Haha ! ” Fourier proved his theorem that any wiggly line on a plane surface could be approximated to arbitrary accuracy with a weighted set of phase-oVset sines and cosines drawn from the infinite basis set of all sine and cosine functions .
haha ! ” fourier proved his theorem that any wiggly line on a plane surface could be approximated to arbitrary accuracy with a weighted set of phase-ovset sines and cosines drawn from the infinite basis set of all sine and cosine [purposes] .

Fourier invented his famous decomposition , which states that any wiggly line on a blackboard can be approximated with arbitrary accuracy by a weighted sum of sine and cosine waves of dierent wavelengths and phase osets , chosen out of the infinite number of possible sine and cosine functions with all possible wavelengths .
fourier invented his famous decomposition , which states that any wiggly line on a blackboard can be approximated with arbitrary accuracy by a weighted sum of sine and cosine waves of dierent wavelengths and phase osets , chosen out of the infinite number of possible sine and cosine [purposes] with all possible wavelengths .

Thus , the representations of the engine block and piston as algorithmic Java objects , together with algorithmic “ search engines ” to match the corresponding “ is a , ” “ has a , ” “ does a , ” functions of complements and even substitutes , can as a matter of principle and practicality create an image of the real complements and substitutes in the real economic web .
thus , the representations of the engine block and piston as algorithmic java objects , together with algorithmic “ search engines ” to match the corresponding “ is a , ” “ has a , ” “ does a , ” [purposes] of complements and even substitutes , can as a matter of principle and practicality create an image of the real complements and substitutes in the real economic web .

As it happens , genes A and B have Boolean functions that depend on all three genes , A , B , and C. By examination , however , gene C has a Boolean function that depends only on genes A and C , not on gene B .
as it happens , genes a and b have boolean [purposes] that depend on all three genes , a , b , and c. by examination , however , gene c has a boolean function that depends only on genes a and c , not on gene b .

A number of very simple properties of networks , involving connectivity of the network and simple biases on the Boolean functions , control which regime a network lies in .
a number of very simple properties of networks , involving connectivity of the network and simple biases on the boolean [purposes] , control which regime a network lies in .

Say , a network of , genes is constructed at random , with the simple limitation that each model gene have K = inputs but that the wiring diagram be chosen at random , and the Boolean function assigned to each gene among the possible Boolean functions of K = inputs is also chosen , once and for all , at random , this spaghetti mess of a network with its tangle of , wires connecting the genes in some mad scramble will straighten itself out .
say , a network of , genes is constructed at random , with the simple limitation that each model gene have k = inputs but that the wiring diagram be chosen at random , and the boolean function assigned to each gene among the possible boolean [purposes] of k = inputs is also chosen , once and for all , at random , this spaghetti mess of a network with its tangle of , wires connecting the genes in some mad scramble will straighten itself out .

Both are biases on the Boolean functions .
both are biases on the boolean [purposes] .

The second bias in Boolean functions are the canalyzing Boolean functions .
the second bias in boolean [purposes] are the canalyzing boolean [purposes] .

Canalyzing Boolean functions have at least one input with at least one value that suces to guarantee the next state of the regulated gene , regardless of the values of all other inputs .
canalyzing boolean [purposes] have at least one input with at least one value that suces to guarantee the next state of the regulated gene , regardless of the values of all other inputs .

In general , Boolean functions of K inputs may have , , , .
in general , boolean [purposes] of k inputs may have , , , .

The results show a very strong statistical bias in favor of genes governed disproportionately by canalyzing Boolean functions .
the results show a very strong statistical bias in favor of genes governed disproportionately by canalyzing boolean [purposes] .

When we have constructed model networks with the observed bias toward canalyzing functions , such networks lie modestly in the ordered regime by the Derrida curve and other criteria noted above .
when we have constructed model networks with the observed bias toward canalyzing [purposes] , such networks lie modestly in the ordered regime by the derrida curve and other criteria noted above .

I told him about canalyzing functions .
i told him about canalyzing [purposes] .

There is a bias toward canalyzing functions . ”
there is a bias toward canalyzing [purposes] . ”

The number of Boolean functions of K inputs is to the to the K , ( K ) .
the number of boolean [purposes] of k inputs is to the to the k , ( k ) .

For K = , there are Boolean functions .
for k = , there are boolean [purposes] .

For K = , there are Boolean functions .
for k = , there are boolean [purposes] .

For K = , there are , Boolean functions .
for k = , there are , boolean [purposes] .

For K = , there are over a billion Boolean functions .
for k = , there are over a billion boolean [purposes] .

As K increases , the number of Boolean functions that are canalyzing at all , on or more inputs , declines dramatically , as shown in Figure ..
as k increases , the number of boolean [purposes] that are canalyzing at all , on or more inputs , declines dramatically , as shown in figure ..

Only percent of the Boolean functions of K = inputs are canalyzing .
only percent of the boolean [purposes] of k = inputs are canalyzing .

Only percent of the , Boolean functions of K = inputs are canalyzing .
only percent of the , boolean [purposes] of k = inputs are canalyzing .

Only less than percent of the billion or so Boolean functions of K = inputs are canalyzing .
only less than percent of the billion or so boolean [purposes] of k = inputs are canalyzing .

Indeed , in more detail , among the K = Boolean functions , percent have no canalyzing inputs and a decreasing fraction of the Boolean functions have , , or canalyzing inputs , as you can see in Figure ..
indeed , in more detail , among the k = boolean [purposes] , percent have no canalyzing inputs and a decreasing fraction of the boolean [purposes] have , , or canalyzing inputs , as you can see in figure ..

The observed curve is the opposite from the curve expected if K = genes were regulated by Boolean rules drawn at random from among the functions .
the observed curve is the opposite from the curve expected if k = genes were regulated by boolean rules drawn at random from among the [purposes] .

Moreover , there is an overlap but nonidentity between the classes of Boolean functions of high P values and Boolean functions with or more canalyzing inputs .
moreover , there is an overlap but nonidentity between the classes of boolean [purposes] of high p values and boolean [purposes] with or more canalyzing inputs .

When we analyzed our samples of genes , they also had high P values compared to a random distribution of Boolean functions with K = or K = inputs .
when we analyzed our samples of genes , they also had high p values compared to a random distribution of boolean [purposes] with k = or k = inputs .

In order to discriminate whether the observed bias was toward high canalyzing inputs or high P values or both , we carried out a “ residual analysis. ” That is , we classified all K = Boolean functions into dierent P classes , P = / , P = / , P = / , P = / .
in order to discriminate whether the observed bias was toward high canalyzing inputs or high p values or both , we carried out a “ residual analysis. ” that is , we classified all k = boolean [purposes] into dierent p classes , p = / , p = / , p = / , p = / .

Within each P class , some Boolean functions have , , , or canalyzing inputs .
within each p class , some boolean [purposes] have , , , or canalyzing inputs .

Therefore , among all the Boolean functions for K = within a given P class , there is some distribution of Boolean functions with , , , or canalyzing inputs .
therefore , among all the boolean [purposes] for k = within a given p class , there is some distribution of boolean [purposes] with , , , or canalyzing inputs .

Thus , it appears that evolution has , in fact , tuned the choices of Boolean rules used to govern genes with K = and K = known inputs , as well as genes with K = and K = inputs that we have sampled , sharply in favor of a high bias toward usage of Boolean rules that are canalyzing functions .
thus , it appears that evolution has , in fact , tuned the choices of boolean rules used to govern genes with k = and k = known inputs , as well as genes with k = and k = inputs that we have sampled , sharply in favor of a high bias toward usage of boolean rules that are canalyzing [purposes] .

The main caveat to hold in mind , in addition to misreading the articles or the articles being a nonrandom sample of published data , is that genes governed by canalyzing functions may have more easily detected genetic eects , hence , be noticed and studied .
the main caveat to hold in mind , in addition to misreading the articles or the articles being a nonrandom sample of published data , is that genes governed by canalyzing [purposes] may have more easily detected genetic eects , hence , be noticed and studied .

We know that networks with K = , K = , or more inputs per gene are generically in the chaotic regime if Boolean functions are chosen randomly from the full range of possible functions of K = , K = , or more inputs .
we know that networks with k = , k = , or more inputs per gene are generically in the chaotic regime if boolean [purposes] are chosen randomly from the full range of possible [purposes] of k = , k = , or more inputs .

We have observed a substantial bias toward canalyzing functions .
we have observed a substantial bias toward canalyzing [purposes] .

When we made networks with K = or K = inputs and randomly chosen Boolean functions , their Derrida curves , as expected , were in the chaotic regime , a percolating green sea existed , and vast purple avalanches careened around the system .
when we made networks with k = or k = inputs and randomly chosen boolean [purposes] , their derrida curves , as expected , were in the chaotic regime , a percolating green sea existed , and vast purple avalanches careened around the system .

As the number of inputs per gene increases , a gradually decreasing fraction of the Boolean functions must be canalyzing to cross the phase transition into the ordered regime .
as the number of inputs per gene increases , a gradually decreasing fraction of the boolean [purposes] must be canalyzing to cross the phase transition into the ordered regime .

Thus , instead of the Boolean functions described above showing when genes turn on and o , here I obtain a column vector for each of the to the ( K + ) allele states aecting a given gene , and in each position is a random decimal .
thus , instead of the boolean [purposes] described above showing when genes turn on and o , here i obtain a column vector for each of the to the ( k + ) allele states aecting a given gene , and in each position is a random decimal .

Essentially the same machine can perform two very diVerent functions , or tasks , pumping in one case , cooling in the other .
essentially the same machine can perform two very diverent [purposes] , or tasks , pumping in one case , cooling in the other .

No longer a center of government , it now functions as a cultural center .
no longer a center of government , it now [purposes] as a cultural center .

The building collected city taxes during the 14th century but fulfilled several additional functions in later centuries .
the building collected city taxes during the 14th century but fulfilled several additional [purposes] in later centuries .

More powerful royal stewards were sent out to diminish the autonomy of the regional parlements , councils with judicial rather than legislative functions , dominated by the high clergy and the nobles .
more powerful royal stewards were sent out to diminish the autonomy of the regional parlements , councils with judicial rather than legislative [purposes] , dominated by the high clergy and the nobles .

The burden of his spiritual functions as high priest of Shinto and the tasks of administration led the emperor to welcome an early abdication , frequently to retire to a life of Buddhist meditation and scholarship .
the burden of his spiritual [purposes] as high priest of shinto and the tasks of administration led the emperor to welcome an early abdication , frequently to retire to a life of buddhist meditation and scholarship .

In King ’ s Square , you can witness re-enactments of many of its historic functions .
in king ’ s square , you can witness re-enactments of many of its historic [purposes] .

The eastern half , which takes in Baffin Island , the land around Hudson ’ s Bay , and most of the Arctic islands , is now called Nunavut and essentially functions as an Inuit homeland .
the eastern half , which takes in baffin island , the land around hudson ’ s bay , and most of the arctic islands , is now called nunavut and essentially [purposes] as an inuit homeland .

Apart from the majestic Himalayan scenery , the top attraction in Lhasa is the Potala — a fabulous 13-story building combining the functions of palace , fortress , monastery , and dungeon .
apart from the majestic himalayan scenery , the top attraction in lhasa is the potala — a fabulous 13-story building combining the [purposes] of palace , fortress , monastery , and dungeon .

Badly damaged in a World War II air raid , Schloß Charlottenburg became the target of extensive post-war reconstruction , and now functions as a major museum complex .
badly damaged in a world war ii air raid , schloß charlottenburg became the target of extensive post-war reconstruction , and now [purposes] as a major museum complex .

The ornate Neo-Classical building no longer functions as a stock exchange , but guided tours show visitors around the opulent interior .
the ornate neo-classical building no longer [purposes] as a stock exchange , but guided tours show visitors around the opulent interior .

It is also helpful to know that the masks , painted faces , and costumes identify each character ’ s social role and personality , and that the live music , with its gongs and cymbals , often functions like a film score to emphasize the action on stage .
it is also helpful to know that the masks , painted faces , and costumes identify each character ’ s social role and personality , and that the live music , with its gongs and cymbals , often [purposes] like a film score to emphasize the action on stage .

As a result , on 16 August 1982 the Canary Islands were given autonomous status , with nearly all governmental functions transferred from Madrid and the status of capital being shared between Santa Cruz de Tenerife and Las Palmas de Gran Canaria .
as a result , on 16 august 1982 the canary islands were given autonomous status , with nearly all governmental [purposes] transferred from madrid and the status of capital being shared between santa cruz de tenerife and las palmas de gran canaria .

In 1912 , governmental functions were moved to Las Peñas , and by 1819 , Las Peñas was designated as a municipality , and its name changed to Puerto Vallarta .
in 1912 , governmental [purposes] were moved to las peñas , and by 1819 , las peñas was designated as a municipality , and its name changed to puerto vallarta .

Padilla said the model of owning a building that functions as a one-stop legal service facility is a new endeavor for the organization .
padilla said the model of owning a building that [purposes] as a one-stop legal service facility is a new endeavor for the organization .

One of the principal functions of the Access to Justice Center , she said , would be to foster such a holistic approach .
one of the principal [purposes] of the access to justice center , she said , would be to foster such a holistic approach .

LSNY 's role has been generally limited to certain administrative functions , though over the years it has come to run two programs of its own .
lsny 's role has been generally limited to certain administrative [purposes] , though over the years it has come to run two programs of its own .

More recently , the Congress and the President have sought to remedy longstanding issues and concerns in the government 's homeland security functions by proposing greater consolidation and coordination of various agencies and activities .
more recently , the congress and the president have sought to remedy longstanding issues and concerns in the government 's homeland security [purposes] by proposing greater consolidation and coordination of various agencies and activities .

There is likely to be considerable benefit over time from restructuring some of the homeland security functions , including reducing risk and improving the economy , efficiency , and effectiveness of these consolidated agencies and programs .
there is likely to be considerable benefit over time from restructuring some of the homeland security [purposes] , including reducing risk and improving the economy , efficiency , and effectiveness of these consolidated agencies and programs .

Reorganization Homeland Security Strategy In recent testimony before the Congress , GAO urged that the proposal for establishing DHS should not be considered a substitute for , nor should it supplant , the timely issuance of a national homeland security strategy.2 Based on our prior work , GAO believes that the consolidation of some homeland security functions makes sense and will , if properly organized and implemented , over time lead to more efficient , effective , and coordinated programs ; better intelligence sharing ; and a more robust protection of our people , borders , and critical infrastructure .
reorganization homeland security strategy in recent testimony before the congress , gao urged that the proposal for establishing dhs should not be considered a substitute for , nor should it supplant , the timely issuance of a national homeland security strategy.2 based on our prior work , gao believes that the consolidation of some homeland security [purposes] makes sense and will , if properly organized and implemented , over time lead to more efficient , effective , and coordinated programs ; better intelligence sharing ; and a more robust protection of our people , borders , and critical infrastructure .

Often it has taken years for the consolidated functions in new departments to effectively build on their combined strengths , and it is not uncommon for these structures to remain as management challenges for decades .
often it has taken years for the consolidated [purposes] in new departments to effectively build on their combined strengths , and it is not uncommon for these structures to remain as management challenges for decades .

The President 's proposal for the new department indicates that DHS , in addition to its homeland security responsibilities , will also be responsible for carrying out all other functions of the agencies and programs that are transferred to it .
the president 's proposal for the new department indicates that dhs , in addition to its homeland security responsibilities , will also be responsible for carrying out all other [purposes] of the agencies and programs that are transferred to it .

In fact , quite a number of the agencies proposed to be transferred to DHS have multiple functions .
in fact , quite a number of the agencies proposed to be transferred to dhs have multiple [purposes] .

Rather , they represent extremely important functions executed by the federal government that , absent sufficient attention , could have serious implications for their effective delivery and consequences for sectors of our economy , health and safety , research programs and other significant government functions .
rather , they represent extremely important [purposes] executed by the federal government that , absent sufficient attention , could have serious implications for their effective delivery and consequences for sectors of our economy , health and safety , research programs and other significant government [purposes] .

Congress may wish to consider whether the new department , as proposed , will dedicate sufficient management capacity and accountability to ensure the execution of nonhomeland security missions , as well as consider potential alternatives to the current framework for handling these important functions .
congress may wish to consider whether the new department , as proposed , will dedicate sufficient management capacity and accountability to ensure the execution of nonhomeland security missions , as well as consider potential alternatives to the current framework for handling these important [purposes] .

One alternative might be to create a special accountability track that ensures that non-homeland security functions are well supported and executed in DHS , including milestones for monitoring performance .
one alternative might be to create a special accountability track that ensures that non-homeland security [purposes] are well supported and executed in dhs , including milestones for monitoring performance .

Conversely , the Congress might separate out some of these functions .
conversely , the congress might separate out some of these [purposes] .

These recommendations will apply regardless of decisions about the respective roles of the State Department and the proposed Department of Homeland Security regarding visa functions .
these recommendations will apply regardless of decisions about the respective roles of the state department and the proposed department of homeland security regarding visa [purposes] .

While national needs suggest a rapid reorganization of homeland security functions , the transition of agencies and programs into the new department is likely to take time to achieve .
while national needs suggest a rapid reorganization of homeland security [purposes] , the transition of agencies and programs into the new department is likely to take time to achieve .

It is likely that over time consolidation of functions within DHS may reduce costs below what otherwise would have been the case if these functions continued to operate separately .
it is likely that over time consolidation of [purposes] within dhs may reduce costs below what otherwise would have been the case if these [purposes] continued to operate separately .

In summary , I have discussed the reorganization of homeland security functions and some critical factors for success .
in summary , i have discussed the reorganization of homeland security [purposes] and some critical factors for success .

Auditors should not perform management functions or make management decisions .
auditors should not perform management [purposes] or make management decisions .

To do so , we perform a variety of oversight , insight , foresight and adjudicatory functions spanning everything the federal government does or is thinking about doing anywhere in the world .
to do so , we perform a variety of oversight , insight , foresight and adjudicatory [purposes] spanning everything the federal government does or is thinking about doing anywhere in the world .

Through comprehensive revisions to its charter , processes , organization and systems , Pfizer has reduced the cost associated with transaction processing activities by up to 50 percent in certain functions and shifted its focus to activities that directly support Pfizer 's business objectives .
through comprehensive revisions to its charter , processes , organization and systems , pfizer has reduced the cost associated with transaction processing activities by up to 50 percent in certain [purposes] and shifted its focus to activities that directly support pfizer 's business objectives .

Financial Management : Outsourcing of Finance and Accounting Functions ( GAO/AIMD/NSIAD9843 ) .
financial management : outsourcing of finance and accounting [purposes] ( gao/aimd/nsiad9843 ) .

Currently , however , most functions within finance organizations are focused primarily on ( 1 ) establishing and administering policy , ( 2 ) tracking , monitoring , and reconciling account balances , or ( 3 ) ensuring compliance with laws and regulations .
currently , however , most [purposes] within finance organizations are focused primarily on ( 1 ) establishing and administering policy , ( 2 ) tracking , monitoring , and reconciling account balances , or ( 3 ) ensuring compliance with laws and regulations .

When it comes to organizational design , we found that leading finance organizations often had the same or similar core functions ( i.e. , budgeting , treasury management , general accounting , payroll ) .
when it comes to organizational design , we found that leading finance organizations often had the same or similar core [purposes] ( i.e. , budgeting , treasury management , general accounting , payroll ) .

However , the way these functions were organized varied depending on individual entity needs .
however , the way these [purposes] were organized varied depending on individual entity needs .

Specifically , many leading organizations have ( 1 ) organized around core business processes to simplify work and flatten hierarchies , ( 2 ) consolidated certain transaction processing activities to gain economies of scale , and ( 3 ) moved functions , such as cost accounting and financial analysis , to the business units to support business units ' strategic planning and decisionmaking needs .
specifically , many leading organizations have ( 1 ) organized around core business processes to simplify work and flatten hierarchies , ( 2 ) consolidated certain transaction processing activities to gain economies of scale , and ( 3 ) moved [purposes] , such as cost accounting and financial analysis , to the business units to support business units ' strategic planning and decisionmaking needs .

In addition , new technology has integrated functions related to the Customer Fulfillment Process , such as sales , ordering , production , shipping , billing , and accounts receivable , providing users with greater access to data .
in addition , new technology has integrated [purposes] related to the customer fulfillment process , such as sales , ordering , production , shipping , billing , and accounts receivable , providing users with greater access to data .

This rule would also require public utilities to implement standards of conduct to functionally separate transmission and wholesale power merchant functions .
this rule would also require public utilities to implement standards of conduct to functionally separate transmission and wholesale power merchant [purposes] .

IDPA began data mining in an effort to improve a system that was too slow to provide the timely information needed for a wide range of agency functions , including the prevention and detection of overpayments .
idpa began data mining in an effort to improve a system that was too slow to provide the timely information needed for a wide range of agency [purposes] , including the prevention and detection of overpayments .

A Minister of State is accountable to Parliament for each department 's functions and activities .
a minister of state is accountable to parliament for each department 's [purposes] and activities .

The one-stop shop was formed by merging functions and staff from the social security and employment departments with strong support from the Department of Finance .
the one-stop shop was formed by merging [purposes] and staff from the social security and employment departments with strong support from the department of finance .

WINZ was established in 1998 by combining the income support function from the Department of Social Welfare and the employment services and local employment coordination functions from Amounts included in this report have been converted to U.S. dollars using the following exchange rates , effective April 16 , 2001 , for one U.S. dollar : 0.697064 British pounds , 1.95665 Australian dollars , and 2.43533 New Zealand dollars .
winz was established in 1998 by combining the income support function from the department of social welfare and the employment services and local employment coordination [purposes] from amounts included in this report have been converted to u.s. dollars using the following exchange rates , effective april 16 , 2001 , for one u.s. dollar : 0.697064 british pounds , 1.95665 australian dollars , and 2.43533 new zealand dollars .

Agencies flattened their organizational structures by including employees from various organizational functions and grade levels on teams .
agencies flattened their organizational structures by including employees from various organizational [purposes] and grade levels on teams .

For example , VBA consolidated regional office operations by merging two divisions and creating teams with members from both functions who could process claims from beginning to end .
for example , vba consolidated regional office operations by merging two divisions and creating teams with members from both [purposes] who could process claims from beginning to end .

That required the team to conduct a full range of claims functions , including receiving and controlling the claims , contacting veterans and hospitals to obtain information , and making benefit decisions .
that required the team to conduct a full range of claims [purposes] , including receiving and controlling the claims , contacting veterans and hospitals to obtain information , and making benefit decisions .

Team members were able to assist other team members when needed , which helped develop team members ' skills in functions they did not previously perform .
team members were able to assist other team members when needed , which helped develop team members ' skills in [purposes] they did not previously perform .

Established in 1998 , this Division is an integrated product team of experts such as engineers and electronic technicians , who perform all of the functions required to repair ground-based radar systems .
established in 1998 , this division is an integrated product team of experts such as engineers and electronic technicians , who perform all of the [purposes] required to repair ground-based radar systems .

FAA said that collocating all of the logistics functions including Engineers , Items Managers , Technicians , Equipment Specialists , etc , allowed the team to work together on priority areas .
faa said that collocating all of the logistics [purposes] including engineers , items managers , technicians , equipment specialists , etc , allowed the team to work together on priority areas .

System administrators are important because they generally perform day-to-day security functions , such as creating new system user accounts , issuing new passwords , and implementing new software .
system administrators are important because they generally perform day-to-day security [purposes] , such as creating new system user accounts , issuing new passwords , and implementing new software .

For example , the manufacturer required new security administrators to spend 2 to 5 days in training with the central security group , depending on their technical skills , before they were granted authority to perform specific functions on the network , such as controlling the users ' access rights ; the central security group at the university held annual technical conferences for the university 's systems administrators and engaged professional training organizations to offer on-campus training at very reduced rates ; and the state agency held a biannual conference for systems administrators that included sessions related to their information security responsibilities .
for example , the manufacturer required new security administrators to spend 2 to 5 days in training with the central security group , depending on their technical skills , before they were granted authority to perform specific [purposes] on the network , such as controlling the users ' access rights ; the central security group at the university held annual technical conferences for the university 's systems administrators and engaged professional training organizations to offer on-campus training at very reduced rates ; and the state agency held a biannual conference for systems administrators that included sessions related to their information security responsibilities .

Clearly , any functions performed by a Federal entity could be broadly labeled `` Federal mission . ''
clearly , any [purposes] performed by a federal entity could be broadly labeled `` federal mission . ''

Entity also encompasses a group of related or unrelated commercial functions , revolving funds , trust funds , and/or other accounts for which financial statements will be prepared in accordance with OMB annual guidance on Form and Content of Financial Statements .
entity also encompasses a group of related or unrelated commercial [purposes] , revolving funds , trust funds , and/or other accounts for which financial statements will be prepared in accordance with omb annual guidance on form and content of financial statements .

In an information system review , all controls in a computer system , for the full range of application functions and products , are assessed and tested .
in an information system review , all controls in a computer system , for the full range of application [purposes] and products , are assessed and tested .

Some participants believed that separation of the CEO and chairman of the board positions recognizes the differences in their roles and eliminates conflicts in functions .
some participants believed that separation of the ceo and chairman of the board positions recognizes the differences in their roles and eliminates conflicts in [purposes] .

Some separations of the CEO and chairman functions are successful and others are not .
some separations of the ceo and chairman [purposes] are successful and others are not .

A commercial company considers engineering drawings4 to be a good measure of the demonstrated stability of the product 's design because they represent the language used by engineers to communicate to the manufacturers the details of a new product design-what it looks like , how its components interface , how it functions , how to build it , and what critical materials and processes are required to fabricate and test it .
a commercial company considers engineering drawings4 to be a good measure of the demonstrated stability of the product 's design because they represent the language used by engineers to communicate to the manufacturers the details of a new product design-what it looks like , how its components interface , how it [purposes] , how to build it , and what critical materials and processes are required to fabricate and test it .

Supporting Oversight of the Internal Revenue Service ( IRS ) : GAO continued to support congressional oversight of IRS ' operations , including IRS ' implementation of the 1998 IRS Restructuring and Reform Act , its budget requests , and administration of various tax functions .
supporting oversight of the internal revenue service ( irs ) : gao continued to support congressional oversight of irs ' operations , including irs ' implementation of the 1998 irs restructuring and reform act , its budget requests , and administration of various tax [purposes] .

The Environmental Quality Incentives Program ( EQIP ) is a new conservation program , reflecting the functions of four previous programs -- the Agricultural Conservation Program , the Great Plains Conservation Program , the Water Quality Incentives Program , and the Colorado River Basin Salinity Control Program .
the environmental quality incentives program ( eqip ) is a new conservation program , reflecting the [purposes] of four previous programs -- the agricultural conservation program , the great plains conservation program , the water quality incentives program , and the colorado river basin salinity control program .

To give the reader a basis for judging the prevalence and The AICPA standards define a material weakness as a reportable condition in which the design or operation of one or more of the internal control components does not reduce to a relatively low level the risk that misstatements caused by error or fraud in amounts that would be material in relation to the financial statements being audited may occur and not be detected within a timely period by employees in the normal course of performing their assigned functions .
to give the reader a basis for judging the prevalence and the aicpa standards define a material weakness as a reportable condition in which the design or operation of one or more of the internal control components does not reduce to a relatively low level the risk that misstatements caused by error or fraud in amounts that would be material in relation to the financial statements being audited may occur and not be detected within a timely period by employees in the normal course of performing their assigned [purposes] .

These activities assist management by reviewing selected functions .
these activities assist management by reviewing selected [purposes] .

System administrators are important because they generally perform day-to-day security functions , such as creating new system user accounts , issuing new passwords , and implementing new software .
system administrators are important because they generally perform day-to-day security [purposes] , such as creating new system user accounts , issuing new passwords , and implementing new software .

For example , the manufacturer required new security administrators to spend 2 to 5 days in training with the central security group , depending on their technical skills , before they were granted authority to perform specific functions on the network , such as controlling the users ' access rights ; the central security group at the university held annual technical conferences for the university 's systems administrators and engaged professional training organizations to offer on-campus training at very reduced rates ; and the state agency held a biannual conference for systems administrators that included sessions related to their information security responsibilities .
for example , the manufacturer required new security administrators to spend 2 to 5 days in training with the central security group , depending on their technical skills , before they were granted authority to perform specific [purposes] on the network , such as controlling the users ' access rights ; the central security group at the university held annual technical conferences for the university 's systems administrators and engaged professional training organizations to offer on-campus training at very reduced rates ; and the state agency held a biannual conference for systems administrators that included sessions related to their information security responsibilities .

As a result , the new law required the President to prepare an annual budget , and it transferred from the Department of the Treasury to GAO the government 's auditing , accounting , and claims functions .
as a result , the new law required the president to prepare an annual budget , and it transferred from the department of the treasury to gao the government 's auditing , accounting , and claims [purposes] .

As the budgets , functions , and points of service of many government programs devolve to state and local government , private entities and nonprofit organizations , and other third parties , it may become harder for GAO to obtain the records it needs to complete audits and evaluations .
as the budgets , [purposes] , and points of service of many government programs devolve to state and local government , private entities and nonprofit organizations , and other third parties , it may become harder for gao to obtain the records it needs to complete audits and evaluations .

Important was for members to consistently send the same representatives and not rotate different people as representatives to the organizations ' functions .
important was for members to consistently send the same representatives and not rotate different people as representatives to the organizations ' [purposes] .

Federal government members represent agencies that have functions related to telecommunications research , standards , regulation , law enforcement , or intelligence or are major telecommunications users .
federal government members represent agencies that have [purposes] related to telecommunications research , standards , regulation , law enforcement , or intelligence or are major telecommunications users .

Similarly , a `` challenged agency '' -one that has longstanding management weaknesses and high-risk operations or functions , such as the Department of Defense ( DOD ) -may also be a good first phase candidate.11 The point would be for the Congress , executive branch leadership in OMB and OPM , agencies , and others to gain experience with the COO approach before deciding how and where it should be applied across the government .
similarly , a `` challenged agency '' -one that has longstanding management weaknesses and high-risk operations or [purposes] , such as the department of defense ( dod ) -may also be a good first phase candidate.11 the point would be for the congress , executive branch leadership in omb and opm , agencies , and others to gain experience with the coo approach before deciding how and where it should be applied across the government .

Further , the attitude and philosophy of management toward information systems , accounting , personnel functions , monitoring , and audits and evaluations can have a profound effect on internal control .
further , the attitude and philosophy of management toward information systems , accounting , personnel [purposes] , monitoring , and audits and evaluations can have a profound effect on internal control .

Control activities occur at all levels and functions of the entity .
control activities occur at all levels and [purposes] of the entity .

Specific control activities include frequent changes of dial-up numbers ; use of dial-back access ; restrictions on users to allow access only to system functions that they need ; software and hardware `` firewalls '' to restrict access to assets , computers , and networks by external persons ; and frequent changes of passwords and deactivation of former employees ' passwords .
specific control activities include frequent changes of dial-up numbers ; use of dial-back access ; restrictions on users to allow access only to system [purposes] that they need ; software and hardware `` firewalls '' to restrict access to assets , computers , and networks by external persons ; and frequent changes of passwords and deactivation of former employees ' passwords .

The federal government , the nation 's largest building owner , acquires buildings and other structures to support specific functions and missions and the general conduct of its business .
the federal government , the nation 's largest building owner , acquires buildings and other structures to support specific [purposes] and missions and the general conduct of its business .

As long as the owner retains the inhouse capabilities to operate as a smart buyer of facilities , there does not appear to be any greater risk from contracting out a broad range of design reviewrelated functions , so long as such functions are widely available from a competitive commercial marketplace .
as long as the owner retains the inhouse capabilities to operate as a smart buyer of facilities , there does not appear to be any greater risk from contracting out a broad range of design reviewrelated [purposes] , so long as such [purposes] are widely available from a competitive commercial marketplace .

Background The federal government , like private corporations and other organizations , acquires facilities to support specific functions and missions and the general conduct of its business .
background the federal government , like private corporations and other organizations , acquires facilities to support specific [purposes] and missions and the general conduct of its business .

The preferred approach may be a schematic that includes functional requirements , such as square footage estimates for various functions and adjacencies or connections to functions that are desirable or required .
the preferred approach may be a schematic that includes functional requirements , such as square footage estimates for various [purposes] and adjacencies or connections to [purposes] that are desirable or required .

Agency CM : The owner holds all individual construction contracts , and the CM functions as the construction contract administrator , acting on behalf of the owner and rendering an account of activities .
agency cm : the owner holds all individual construction contracts , and the cm [purposes] as the construction contract administrator , acting on behalf of the owner and rendering an account of activities .

The designbuild contract approach represents a much larger step toward outsourcing of traditional owner functions than occurs with the abovedescribed CM contract .
the designbuild contract approach represents a much larger step toward outsourcing of traditional owner [purposes] than occurs with the abovedescribed cm contract .

The program management contract method represents the ultimate step in outsourcing of the owner 's project management functions .
the program management contract method represents the ultimate step in outsourcing of the owner 's project management [purposes] .

These functions are intrinsic to the entire facility acquisition process and underscore the need for the owner 's inhouse staff to be intimately involved in these aspects of the process , particularly the leadership role .
these [purposes] are intrinsic to the entire facility acquisition process and underscore the need for the owner 's inhouse staff to be intimately involved in these aspects of the process , particularly the leadership role .

Federal facilities comprise a portfolio of significant , durable assets that have been acquired to support specific functions and missions and the Practices in Federal general conduct of the government 's business .
federal facilities comprise a portfolio of significant , durable assets that have been acquired to support specific [purposes] and missions and the practices in federal general conduct of the government 's business .

As a consequence of the loss of technical staff , particularly architects and engineers , federal agencies are increasingly outsourcing design and constructionrelated functions .
as a consequence of the loss of technical staff , particularly architects and engineers , federal agencies are increasingly outsourcing design and constructionrelated [purposes] .

Page 20 GAO/GGD00172R Study on Facility Design Reviews How Are Agency Facility Engineering Functions Organized to Carry Out Their Missions ?
page 20 gao/ggd00172r study on facility design reviews how are agency facility engineering [purposes] organized to carry out their missions ?

Others , like NASA , have a centralized program policy and oversight office , with all program and project management functions conducted at the field activity level .
others , like nasa , have a centralized program policy and oversight office , with all program and project management [purposes] conducted at the field activity level .

Nearly all facility acquisition functions except agency policy development and oversight have been considered for outsourcing by one agency or another .
nearly all facility acquisition [purposes] except agency policy development and oversight have been considered for outsourcing by one agency or another .

Functions identified as adding the least value were the discipline reviews-architectural , electrical , mechanical , and structural ( although the responses did not support the idea that these functions could be dropped from the review process without risk . )
[purposes] identified as adding the least value were the discipline reviews-architectural , electrical , mechanical , and structural ( although the responses did not support the idea that these [purposes] could be dropped from the review process without risk . )

Several questions related to outsourcing of design review functions .
several questions related to outsourcing of design review [purposes] .

Looking to the future , about onethird of the responding agencies reported that they are considering further outsourcing of design review functions .
looking to the future , about onethird of the responding agencies reported that they are considering further outsourcing of design review [purposes] .

The center has been staffed by GSA 's most senior and competent project managers to serve two functions :
the center has been staffed by gsa 's most senior and competent project managers to serve two [purposes] :

What Functions Are Being ( and Should Be ) Contracted to Outside Consultants ?
what [purposes] are being ( and should be ) contracted to outside consultants ?

Individual and often uncontrollable circumstances have resulted in nearly all facility engineering functions , from conceptual planning to project startup , being contracted to outside consultants at one time or another .
individual and often uncontrollable circumstances have resulted in nearly all facility engineering [purposes] , from conceptual planning to project startup , being contracted to outside consultants at one time or another .

Today 's general practice among federal agencies is to outsource design development and , to a lesser extent , certain specialized technical review functions , such as shop drawing reviews , value engineering , and constructability .
today 's general practice among federal agencies is to outsource design development and , to a lesser extent , certain specialized technical review [purposes] , such as shop drawing reviews , value engineering , and constructability .

As long as sufficient skills are retained inhouse to meet the smart buyer approach discussed above , there does not appear to be any greater risk from contracting out a broader range of design review functions , including such services as construction document discipline reviews and code compliance checks , so long as such functions are widely available from a competitive commercial marketplace .
as long as sufficient skills are retained inhouse to meet the smart buyer approach discussed above , there does not appear to be any greater risk from contracting out a broader range of design review [purposes] , including such services as construction document discipline reviews and code compliance checks , so long as such [purposes] are widely available from a competitive commercial marketplace .

What Risks and Liabilities maintains the inhouse capabilities to perform the design reviewrelated Do Federal Agencies Face functions listed above .
what risks and liabilities maintains the inhouse capabilities to perform the design reviewrelated do federal agencies face [purposes] listed above .

The auditor should also review previous studies or audits of the acquisition project and of the agency 's information resources management functions .
the auditor should also review previous studies or audits of the acquisition project and of the agency 's information resources management [purposes] .

Existing system architecture and functions to besupported ( i.e. , description , cost , volume of work , projected growth ) .
existing system architecture and [purposes] to besupported ( i.e. , description , cost , volume of work , projected growth ) .

This description should include all the functions of the existing system that any new system will have to perform .
this description should include all the [purposes] of the existing system that any new system will have to perform .

The users , functions , work load , operating costs , and components of the current system should also be identified .
the users , [purposes] , work load , operating costs , and components of the current system should also be identified .

What missions or functions is the acquisition to support ?
what missions or [purposes] is the acquisition to support ?

A comparison of the actual number of functions successfully tested to the number planned in the acquisition schedule , for example , requires that system testing be underway .
a comparison of the actual number of [purposes] successfully tested to the number planned in the acquisition schedule , for example , requires that system testing be underway .

Acquisition begins at the point when agency needs are established and includes the description of requirements to satisfy agency needs , solicitation and selection of sources , award of contracts , contract financing , contract performance , contract administration , and those technical and management functions directly related to the process of fulfilling agency needs by contract .
acquisition begins at the point when agency needs are established and includes the description of requirements to satisfy agency needs , solicitation and selection of sources , award of contracts , contract financing , contract performance , contract administration , and those technical and management [purposes] directly related to the process of fulfilling agency needs by contract .

Capability Validation The technical verification of the ability of a proposed system configuration , replacement component , or the features or functions of its software , to satisfy functional requirements .
capability validation the technical verification of the ability of a proposed system configuration , replacement component , or the features or [purposes] of its software , to satisfy functional requirements .

The intent is to ensure that the proposed resources can provide the required functions .
the intent is to ensure that the proposed resources can provide the required [purposes] .

The ability of a system or component to perform itsReliability required functions under stated conditions for a stated period of time .
the ability of a system or component to perform itsreliability required [purposes] under stated conditions for a stated period of time .

The next sections summarize , for each of the six types , the evaluation questions they can answer , the functions they perform , their design features , and their pitfalls .
the next sections summarize , for each of the six types , the evaluation questions they can answer , the [purposes] they perform , their design features , and their pitfalls .

Functions Where considerable uncertainty exists about program operations , goals , and results , exploratory case studies help identify questions , select important measurement constructs , develop actual measures for these , which can be used later in larger-scale tests ; formulate expectations ; safeguard investment in larger studies ( for problems or programs that are not well-developed ) Design features Site selected : needs at least one site that represents each important variation to make a convenience sample acceptable ; number of cases sufficient to cover diversity ; data focus on program operations and on-site observation , are not longitudinal but need enough time to find out what is going on ; analysis is closely concurrent with field work but does not require strong chain of evidence or audit trail ; reports are usually internal or parts of larger , longer reports Pitfalls Temptation to prolong the exploratory phase ; site selection only for convenience , inadequate coverage of diversity ; prematurity -exploratory findings released as conclusions ; over-involvement in evaluator 's own hunches so that initial findings are confirmed rather than tested Some of our scoping work already may involve exploratory case studies .
[purposes] where considerable uncertainty exists about program operations , goals , and results , exploratory case studies help identify questions , select important measurement constructs , develop actual measures for these , which can be used later in larger-scale tests ; formulate expectations ; safeguard investment in larger studies ( for problems or programs that are not well-developed ) design features site selected : needs at least one site that represents each important variation to make a convenience sample acceptable ; number of cases sufficient to cover diversity ; data focus on program operations and on-site observation , are not longitudinal but need enough time to find out what is going on ; analysis is closely concurrent with field work but does not require strong chain of evidence or audit trail ; reports are usually internal or parts of larger , longer reports pitfalls temptation to prolong the exploratory phase ; site selection only for convenience , inadequate coverage of diversity ; prematurity -exploratory findings released as conclusions ; over-involvement in evaluator 's own hunches so that initial findings are confirmed rather than tested some of our scoping work already may involve exploratory case studies .

Table 3.4 : Program Implementation Case Aspect examined Characteristic Studies Evaluation Descriptive , normative questions Functions Learn what implementation has been achieved , understand unexpected aspects ; understand reasons why implementation looks the way it does ; useful when enabling legislation has given flexibility Design features Site selection can not be convenience because usually generalization wanted , and purposive sample can be typical and representative of diversity and best and worst cases ; number of cases depends on program diversity since generalization usually wanted ; data rely on common instruments , published documents , and observation ; reports are varied in theme , site , chronology , and narration Pitfalls Bias detection methods may be inadequate ; may fail to take into account diverse views about program goals and purposes ; competence of all on-site observers may not be sufficiently high ; can be costly due to study size ; the demands of data management , data quality control , validation procedures , and analytic model ( within site , cross site , etc . )
table 3.4 : program implementation case aspect examined characteristic studies evaluation descriptive , normative questions [purposes] learn what implementation has been achieved , understand unexpected aspects ; understand reasons why implementation looks the way it does ; useful when enabling legislation has given flexibility design features site selection can not be convenience because usually generalization wanted , and purposive sample can be typical and representative of diversity and best and worst cases ; number of cases depends on program diversity since generalization usually wanted ; data rely on common instruments , published documents , and observation ; reports are varied in theme , site , chronology , and narration pitfalls bias detection methods may be inadequate ; may fail to take into account diverse views about program goals and purposes ; competence of all on-site observers may not be sufficiently high ; can be costly due to study size ; the demands of data management , data quality control , validation procedures , and analytic model ( within site , cross site , etc . )

Table 3.6 : Program Effects Case Studies Aspect examined Characteristic Evaluation questions Cause and effect , can be stand alone or multimethods and can be conducted before , during , or after other methods Functions Determine impact and give strong inference about reasons for effects Design features Site selection depends on program diversity , can not be used with highly diverse programs ; best , worst , representative , typical , or cluster bases appropriate ; must keep number of cases manageable or risk becoming minisurvey , can use survey before or after to check generalizability or mix survey with concurrent case studies selected for special purposes ; data rely on observation and structured materials , often combine qualitative and quantitative data ; analysis uses varying degrees of formalization around emergent or predetermined themes ; reports are usually thematic and describe site differences and explain these ; variation in degree of integration of data across sites and of findings from different methods Pitfalls Not collecting the right amount of data ; not examining the right number of sites ; insufficient supply of well-trained evaluators ; difficulties in giving evaluators enough data collection latitude to obtaining insight without risking bias There are some methodological solutions to this problem .
table 3.6 : program effects case studies aspect examined characteristic evaluation questions cause and effect , can be stand alone or multimethods and can be conducted before , during , or after other methods [purposes] determine impact and give strong inference about reasons for effects design features site selection depends on program diversity , can not be used with highly diverse programs ; best , worst , representative , typical , or cluster bases appropriate ; must keep number of cases manageable or risk becoming minisurvey , can use survey before or after to check generalizability or mix survey with concurrent case studies selected for special purposes ; data rely on observation and structured materials , often combine qualitative and quantitative data ; analysis uses varying degrees of formalization around emergent or predetermined themes ; reports are usually thematic and describe site differences and explain these ; variation in degree of integration of data across sites and of findings from different methods pitfalls not collecting the right amount of data ; not examining the right number of sites ; insufficient supply of well-trained evaluators ; difficulties in giving evaluators enough data collection latitude to obtaining insight without risking bias there are some methodological solutions to this problem .

Table 3.7 : Cumulative Case Studies Aspect examined Characteristic Evaluation questions Cause and effect Functions Retrospective cumulation allows generalization without cost and time of conducting numerous new case studies ; prospective cumulation also allows generalization without unmanageably large numbers of cases in process at any one time ; strengthens inference from new studies by combining with results from older studies Design features Uses site selection and usually a large number of cases ; data as reported ( retrospective ) ; usually on-site observation ( prospective ) ; backfill techniques ; analysis uses case survey method to cumulate findings ; possible to examine interactions directly since number of instances is large ; reports may resemble evaluation syntheses ( continued )
table 3.7 : cumulative case studies aspect examined characteristic evaluation questions cause and effect [purposes] retrospective cumulation allows generalization without cost and time of conducting numerous new case studies ; prospective cumulation also allows generalization without unmanageably large numbers of cases in process at any one time ; strengthens inference from new studies by combining with results from older studies design features uses site selection and usually a large number of cases ; data as reported ( retrospective ) ; usually on-site observation ( prospective ) ; backfill techniques ; analysis uses case survey method to cumulate findings ; possible to examine interactions directly since number of instances is large ; reports may resemble evaluation syntheses ( continued )

For example , GSA has sought to improve its efficiency and effectiveness by changing its organizational structure to separate its policymaking functions from its operations that provide services .
for example , gsa has sought to improve its efficiency and effectiveness by changing its organizational structure to separate its policymaking [purposes] from its operations that provide services .

To address this issue , GSA established the Office of Policy , Planning , and Evaluation in 1995 , which it later renamed the Office of Governmentwide Policy , to handle policy decisions separately from functions that deliver supplies or services .
to address this issue , gsa established the office of policy , planning , and evaluation in 1995 , which it later renamed the office of governmentwide policy , to handle policy decisions separately from [purposes] that deliver supplies or services .

To help accomplish this , PRA designated senior information resources manager positions in the major departments and agencies with responsibility for a wide range of functions including information resource planning , budgeting , organizing , controlling , training , and ensuring the absence of duplication in information systems .
to help accomplish this , pra designated senior information resources manager positions in the major departments and agencies with responsibility for a wide range of [purposes] including information resource planning , budgeting , organizing , controlling , training , and ensuring the absence of duplication in information systems .

The new information management leaders are accountable for not only the range of information management activities outlined in the PRA , but also for more strategic IT functions such as developing architectures , managing portfolios , and measuring the performance of information technology investments .
the new information management leaders are accountable for not only the range of information management activities outlined in the pra , but also for more strategic it [purposes] such as developing architectures , managing portfolios , and measuring the performance of information technology investments .

This work is intended to provide pragmatic guidance that federal agencies can consider in determining how best to integrate CIO functions into their respective organizations .
this work is intended to provide pragmatic guidance that federal agencies can consider in determining how best to integrate cio [purposes] into their respective organizations .

These principles touch on specific aspects of their organizational management such as formal and informal relationships among the CIO and others , business practices and processes , and critical CIO functions and leadership activities .
these principles touch on specific aspects of their organizational management such as formal and informal relationships among the cio and others , business practices and processes , and critical cio [purposes] and leadership activities .

This process has helped to integrate information management into overall business planning by aligning IT products and services with business functions and linking technology to the state « s overall strategic direction .
this process has helped to integrate information management into overall business planning by aligning it products and services with business [purposes] and linking technology to the state « s overall strategic direction .

Because technology was becoming critical to future success in this business sector , top managers were increasingly assigned to support and manage the company « s internal information management functions .
because technology was becoming critical to future success in this business sector , top managers were increasingly assigned to support and manage the company « s internal information management [purposes] .

This section examines those practices , providing pragmatic guidance that other organizations can also consider in determining how best to integrate CIO functions into their respective organizations .
this section examines those practices , providing pragmatic guidance that other organizations can also consider in determining how best to integrate cio [purposes] into their respective organizations .

As a practical matter , those responsible for judging the success of programs and their supporting functions should agree on the measures used and become involved in monitoring the outcomes .
as a practical matter , those responsible for judging the success of programs and their supporting [purposes] should agree on the measures used and become involved in monitoring the outcomes .

The establishment of an information feedback system allows organizations to link activities and functions to business initiatives and management goals .
the establishment of an information feedback system allows organizations to link activities and [purposes] to business initiatives and management goals .

Ultimately , the CEO controls the assignment of information technology and management functions to the CIO , the CIO organization , and other organizational units .
ultimately , the ceo controls the assignment of information technology and management [purposes] to the cio , the cio organization , and other organizational units .

It made sense for the state to outsource tactical functions such as help desks and mainframe management .
it made sense for the state to outsource tactical [purposes] such as help desks and mainframe management .

As the state contracts out more of its information technology and management functions , it is also essential that it have good contract management expertise .
as the state contracts out more of its information technology and management [purposes] , it is also essential that it have good contract management expertise .

Core information management functions include project management , security management , and contract management practices that can apply to a variety of projects .
core information management [purposes] include project management , security management , and contract management practices that can apply to a variety of projects .

The various staffing and sourcing strategies provide leading organizations with dynamic workforces that can quickly carry out these functions to meet changing business needs .
the various staffing and sourcing strategies provide leading organizations with dynamic workforces that can quickly carry out these [purposes] to meet changing business needs .

This can deny the CIO the ƒCEO≈ support that is so critical for the successful integration of information technology into business or mission functions .
this can deny the cio the ƒceo≈ support that is so critical for the successful integration of information technology into business or mission [purposes] .

For example , some federal CIOs are in charge of large policy and oversight functions with little operational responsibility .
for example , some federal cios are in charge of large policy and oversight [purposes] with little operational responsibility .

To this end , PRA designated senior information resources manager positions in the major departments and agencies with responsibility for a wide range of functions .
to this end , pra designated senior information resources manager positions in the major departments and agencies with responsibility for a wide range of [purposes] .

The act also requires the 24 major agencies to have CFOs and deputy CFOs and lays out their authorities and functions .
the act also requires the 24 major agencies to have cfos and deputy cfos and lays out their authorities and [purposes] .

We have used this information to develop suggested guidance to assist federal agencies in effectively integrating newly created CIO functions into their respective organizations .
we have used this information to develop suggested guidance to assist federal agencies in effectively integrating newly created cio [purposes] into their respective organizations .

As currently utilized , a pro bono website has two chief functions .
as currently utilized , a pro bono website has two chief [purposes] .

The Coalition 's jointly-funded State Support Center continues to coordinate training and support functions .
the coalition 's jointly-funded state support center continues to coordinate training and support [purposes] .

LARC functions as a `` hotline '' that conducts most of the intake for the Pro Bono Referral System , provides advice and counsel in specific substantive areas ( coordinated with other legal service providers to prevent redundancy ) , refers cases requiring more than advice and counsel to NHLA and other providers , and develops community education and pro se materials .
larc [purposes] as a `` hotline '' that conducts most of the intake for the pro bono referral system , provides advice and counsel in specific substantive areas ( coordinated with other legal service providers to prevent redundancy ) , refers cases requiring more than advice and counsel to nhla and other providers , and develops community education and pro se materials .

Renewed planning efforts and a commitment to build statewide core functions and capacities led to the final planned merger between Appalachian Legal Services and the West Virginia Legal Services Plan .
renewed planning efforts and a commitment to build statewide core [purposes] and capacities led to the final planned merger between appalachian legal services and the west virginia legal services plan .

The production modules contain representations of labor , capital , and energy substitutions using a hierarchy of production functions .
the production modules contain representations of labor , capital , and energy substitutions using a hierarchy of production [purposes] .

Additionally , we have not quantified a number of known or suspected health effects linked with PM and ozone for which appropriate concentration-response functions are not available or which do not provide easily interpretable outcomes ( i.e .
additionally , we have not quantified a number of known or suspected health effects linked with pm and ozone for which appropriate concentration-response [purposes] are not available or which do not provide easily interpretable outcomes ( i.e .

The analysis uses the same health effect and valuation functions employed in the most recent of these analyses , the Heavy-Duty Engine/Diesel Fuel RIA .
the analysis uses the same health effect and valuation [purposes] employed in the most recent of these analyses , the heavy-duty engine/diesel fuel ria .

The air quality modeling results serve as inputs to a modeling system that translates air quality changes to changes in health outcomes ( e.g. , premature mortality , emergency room visits ) through the use of concentration-response functions .
the air quality modeling results serve as inputs to a modeling system that translates air quality changes to changes in health outcomes ( e.g. , premature mortality , emergency room visits ) through the use of concentration-response [purposes] .

Scientific literature on the health effects of air pollutants provides the source of these concentration-response functions .
scientific literature on the health effects of air pollutants provides the source of these concentration-response [purposes] .

These hourly predictions form the basis for direct calculation of daily and annual PM air quality metrics ( e.g. , annual mean PM concentration ) as inputs to the health and welfare C-R functions of the benefits analysis .
these hourly predictions form the basis for direct calculation of daily and annual pm air quality metrics ( e.g. , annual mean pm concentration ) as inputs to the health and welfare c-r [purposes] of the benefits analysis .

Although C-R functions are available to estimate health effects of exposure to nitrogen oxides 7 The ozone season for this analysis is defined as the 5-month period from May to September ; however , to estimate certain crop yield benefits , the modeling results were extended to include months outside the 5-month ozone season .
although c-r [purposes] are available to estimate health effects of exposure to nitrogen oxides 7 the ozone season for this analysis is defined as the 5-month period from may to september ; however , to estimate certain crop yield benefits , the modeling results were extended to include months outside the 5-month ozone season .

This approach takes the estimates of changes in ambient pollutant concentrations predicted by air quality modeling for each scenario ( relative to the baseline scenario ) and converts them into estimates of changes in the incidence of adverse health effects using concentration-response ( C-R ) functions .
this approach takes the estimates of changes in ambient pollutant concentrations predicted by air quality modeling for each scenario ( relative to the baseline scenario ) and converts them into estimates of changes in the incidence of adverse health effects using concentration-response ( c-r ) [purposes] .

CAPMS uses C-R functions specific to each health effect to calculate incidences in each grid cell .
capms uses c-r [purposes] specific to each health effect to calculate incidences in each grid cell .

C-R functions are equations that relate the change in the number of individuals in a population exhibiting a `` response '' ( in this case an adverse health effect such as respiratory disease ) to a change in pollutant concentration experienced by that population .
c-r [purposes] are equations that relate the change in the number of individuals in a population exhibiting a `` response '' ( in this case an adverse health effect such as respiratory disease ) to a change in pollutant concentration experienced by that population .

In general , the C-R functions used in CAPMS require four input values : ( 1 ) the grid-cell-specific change in pollutant concentration ; ( 2 ) the grid-cell affected population ( i.e .
in general , the c-r [purposes] used in capms require four input values : ( 1 ) the grid-cell-specific change in pollutant concentration ; ( 2 ) the grid-cell affected population ( i.e .

Exhibit 6 provides a list of the health effect endpoints we quantified as part of our analysis of the Clear Skies Act , as well as references to the studies that serve as the basis for the C-R functions .
exhibit 6 provides a list of the health effect endpoints we quantified as part of our analysis of the clear skies act , as well as references to the studies that serve as the basis for the c-r [purposes] .

With the exception of the short-term mortality endpoint , the choice of C-R functions and the majority of the analytical assumptions used to develop our estimates have been reviewed and approved by EPA 's Science Advisory Board ( SAB ) .
with the exception of the short-term mortality endpoint , the choice of c-r [purposes] and the majority of the analytical assumptions used to develop our estimates have been reviewed and approved by epa 's science advisory board ( sab ) .

The C-R functions in Exhibit 6 only capture effects related to exposures to particulate matter and ozone ; they do not include human health effects related to exposures to SO2 , NO2 , or mercury .
the c-r [purposes] in exhibit 6 only capture effects related to exposures to particulate matter and ozone ; they do not include human health effects related to exposures to so2 , no2 , or mercury .

Baseline Incidence Rate Some C-R functions ( those expressed as a change relative to baseline conditions ) require baseline incidence data associated with ambient levels of pollutants .
baseline incidence rate some c-r [purposes] ( those expressed as a change relative to baseline conditions ) require baseline incidence data associated with ambient levels of pollutants .

Concentration-Response Functions We relied on the most recently available , published scientific literature to ascertain the relationship between particulate matter exposure and adverse human health effects .
concentration-response [purposes] we relied on the most recently available , published scientific literature to ascertain the relationship between particulate matter exposure and adverse human health effects .

The selection of C-R functions for the benefits analysis is guided by the goal of achieving a balance between comprehensiveness and scientific defensibility .
the selection of c-r [purposes] for the benefits analysis is guided by the goal of achieving a balance between comprehensiveness and scientific defensibility .

The C-R functions for PM exposure selected for the Base Estimate are the same as those the Environmental Protection Agency used in the Heavy-Duty Engine/Diesel Fuel RIA .
the c-r [purposes] for pm exposure selected for the base estimate are the same as those the environmental protection agency used in the heavy-duty engine/diesel fuel ria .

The Alternative Estimate uses alternative C-R functions to evaluate the effect of short-term exposure to particulate matter on premature mortality .
the alternative estimate uses alternative c-r [purposes] to evaluate the effect of short-term exposure to particulate matter on premature mortality .

We present information below on the selection of C-R functions for the two most significant health effects evaluated ( in terms of monetized benefits ) , premature mortality and chronic bronchitis .
we present information below on the selection of c-r [purposes] for the two most significant health effects evaluated ( in terms of monetized benefits ) , premature mortality and chronic bronchitis .

Detailed information on the selection and application of C-R functions for other endpoints in Exhibit 4 is available in the Heavy-Duty Engine/Diesel Fuel RIA ( U.S. EPA , 2000b ) .
detailed information on the selection and application of c-r [purposes] for other endpoints in exhibit 4 is available in the heavy-duty engine/diesel fuel ria ( u.s. epa , 2000b ) .

Exhibit 7 Summary of Considerations Used in Selecting C-R Functions Consideration Comments Peer reviewed research Peer reviewed research is preferred to research that has not undergone the peer review process .
exhibit 7 summary of considerations used in selecting c-r [purposes] consideration comments peer reviewed research peer reviewed research is preferred to research that has not undergone the peer review process .

This applies to both C-R relationships defined by a single C-R function and those defined by a pooling of multiple C-R functions .
this applies to both c-r relationships defined by a single c-r function and those defined by a pooling of multiple c-r [purposes] .

Although the C-R relationship may , in fact , vary from one location to another ( for example , due to differences in population susceptibilities or differences in the composition of PM ) , locationspecific C-R functions are generally not available .
although the c-r relationship may , in fact , vary from one location to another ( for example , due to differences in population susceptibilities or differences in the composition of pm ) , locationspecific c-r [purposes] are generally not available .

C-R functions may also be estimated with or without explicit thresholds .
c-r [purposes] may also be estimated with or without explicit thresholds .

Some of the concentration-response functions used in this benefits analysis were derived from such short-term studies .
some of the concentration-response [purposes] used in this benefits analysis were derived from such short-term studies .

Daily mortality C-R functions for PM10 are consistently lower in magnitude than PM2.5-mortality C-R functions , because fine particles are believed to be more closely associated with mortality than the coarse fraction of PM .
daily mortality c-r [purposes] for pm10 are consistently lower in magnitude than pm2.5-mortality c-r [purposes] , because fine particles are believed to be more closely associated with mortality than the coarse fraction of pm .

The adjusted estimates for these two C-R functions are : All cause mortality = 0.001489 * 1.9784 = 0.002946 COPD mortality = 0.003246 * 1.9784 = 0.006422 Note that these estimates , while approximating the full impact of daily pollution levels on daily death counts , do not capture any impacts of long-term exposure to air pollution .
the adjusted estimates for these two c-r [purposes] are : all cause mortality = 0.001489 * 1.9784 = 0.002946 copd mortality = 0.003246 * 1.9784 = 0.006422 note that these estimates , while approximating the full impact of daily pollution levels on daily death counts , do not capture any impacts of long-term exposure to air pollution .

The method for developing calibrated WTP functions is based on the approach developed by Smith , et al .
the method for developing calibrated wtp [purposes] is based on the approach developed by smith , et al .

These techniques use models of planting decisions , yield response functions , and agricultural product supply and demand .
these techniques use models of planting decisions , yield response [purposes] , and agricultural product supply and demand .

For the purpose of our analysis , we analyze changes for the six most economically significant crops for which C-R functions are available : corn , cotton , peanuts , sorghum , soybean , and winter wheat.18 For some crops there are multiple C-R functions , some more sensitive to ozone and some less .
for the purpose of our analysis , we analyze changes for the six most economically significant crops for which c-r [purposes] are available : corn , cotton , peanuts , sorghum , soybean , and winter wheat.18 for some crops there are multiple c-r [purposes] , some more sensitive to ozone and some less .

This assumption is made to ensure proper calculation of the ozone statistic used in the exposure-response functions .
this assumption is made to ensure proper calculation of the ozone statistic used in the exposure-response [purposes] .

For example , a hypothetical study conducted in New York and one conducted in Seattle may report different C-R functions for the relationship between PM and mortality , in part because of differences between these two study populations ( e.g. , demographics , activity patterns ) .
for example , a hypothetical study conducted in new york and one conducted in seattle may report different c-r [purposes] for the relationship between pm and mortality , in part because of differences between these two study populations ( e.g. , demographics , activity patterns ) .

Application of C-R Relationship Nationwide Whether this analysis estimated the C-R relationship between a pollutant and a given health endpoint using a single function from a single study or using multiple C-R functions from several studies , each C-R relationship was applied uniformly throughout the U.S. to generate health benefit estimates .
application of c-r relationship nationwide whether this analysis estimated the c-r relationship between a pollutant and a given health endpoint using a single function from a single study or using multiple c-r [purposes] from several studies , each c-r relationship was applied uniformly throughout the u.s. to generate health benefit estimates .

This variability may reflect regionally specific C-R functions resulting from regional differences in factors such as the physical and chemical composition of PM .
this variability may reflect regionally specific c-r [purposes] resulting from regional differences in factors such as the physical and chemical composition of pm .

However , we recognize that data and modeling limitations as well as simplifying assumptions can introduce significant uncertainty into the benefit results and that reasonable alternative assumptions exist for some inputs to the analysis , such as the mortality C-R functions .
however , we recognize that data and modeling limitations as well as simplifying assumptions can introduce significant uncertainty into the benefit results and that reasonable alternative assumptions exist for some inputs to the analysis , such as the mortality c-r [purposes] .

We applied three alternative concentrationresponse ( C-R ) functions to estimate premature mortality incidence .
we applied three alternative concentrationresponse ( c-r ) [purposes] to estimate premature mortality incidence .

We used three sources of alternative C-R functions for this sensitivity analysis : ( 1 ) an alternative specification of the Pope/ACS model from Krewski , et al .
we used three sources of alternative c-r [purposes] for this sensitivity analysis : ( 1 ) an alternative specification of the pope/acs model from krewski , et al .

Each of the major functions ( delivery , mail processing , transportation , and window service ) is conducted using similar methods and technologies .
each of the major [purposes] ( delivery , mail processing , transportation , and window service ) is conducted using similar methods and technologies .

More specifically , it is based on the accrued cost of the major functions and their cost elasticities with respect to volume .
more specifically , it is based on the accrued cost of the major [purposes] and their cost elasticities with respect to volume .

This produces annual cost functions for each of the major postal activities and a total cost function .
this produces annual cost [purposes] for each of the major postal activities and a total cost function .

Figure 2 displays the total cost curves as functions of pieces per capita for each of the countries in the sample .
figure 2 displays the total cost curves as [purposes] of pieces per capita for each of the countries in the sample .

The model is described in the appendix and includes parameters for the portion of variable costs by major postal functions .
the model is described in the appendix and includes parameters for the portion of variable costs by major postal [purposes] .

R2000-1 to benchmark the model10 Table 2 shows the U.S. institutional/variable percentages for the major postal functions .
r2000-1 to benchmark the model10 table 2 shows the u.s. institutional/variable percentages for the major postal [purposes] .

The functions of collection , delivery , transportation , processing and window services are common to the postal administrations of all industrialized countries .
the [purposes] of collection , delivery , transportation , processing and window services are common to the postal administrations of all industrialized countries .

Postal Service costs in Table 2 , Figure 2 shows the variability of the major functions as per capita volume changes .
postal service costs in table 2 , figure 2 shows the variability of the major [purposes] as per capita volume changes .

AC = TC / ( Q * P ) where : TC = DC + NDC DC = ( Vd / Q0 ) Q + Fd NDC = ( Vnd / Q0 ) Q + [ ( Ev Fnd ) / Q0 ] Q + ( 1 - Ev ) Fnd The functions can be combined and expressed as : TC = { [ V + ( Ev Fnd ) ] / Q0 } Q + Fd + ( 1 - Ev ) Fnd The terms are defined as : AC = Average Unit Cost d = Subscript that indicates delivery component of a cost or volume DC = Total Delivery Cost Ev = Long-run variability of non-delivery institutional ( fixed ) costs .
ac = tc / ( q * p ) where : tc = dc + ndc dc = ( vd / q0 ) q + fd ndc = ( vnd / q0 ) q + [ ( ev fnd ) / q0 ] q + ( 1 - ev ) fnd the [purposes] can be combined and expressed as : tc = { [ v + ( ev fnd ) ] / q0 } q + fd + ( 1 - ev ) fnd the terms are defined as : ac = average unit cost d = subscript that indicates delivery component of a cost or volume dc = total delivery cost ev = long-run variability of non-delivery institutional ( fixed ) costs .

Aggregate Demand Function for the Household Sector Using BLS weights , can compute an estimate of the aggregate US population demand function for postage from the household sector as the weighted sum of sample household level-demand functions Can compute own-price and cross-price elasticities of aggregate household demand for postage using this aggregate demand function .
aggregate demand function for the household sector using bls weights , can compute an estimate of the aggregate us population demand function for postage from the household sector as the weighted sum of sample household level-demand [purposes] can compute own-price and cross-price elasticities of aggregate household demand for postage using this aggregate demand function .

Caveats There is uncertainty associated with all of the numbers presented in this paper due to sampling error and estimation error in econometric estimation procedure used to recover household-level demand functions Less confidence in exact magnitudes reported , more confidence in trends they illustrate 1 ) Decline in revenue share from household sector 2 ) Increasing , in absolute value , own-price elasticity 3 ) Increasing substitutability away from postage consumption with computer use 4 ) Increasing substitutability between postage and telephone consumption .
caveats there is uncertainty associated with all of the numbers presented in this paper due to sampling error and estimation error in econometric estimation procedure used to recover household-level demand [purposes] less confidence in exact magnitudes reported , more confidence in trends they illustrate 1 ) decline in revenue share from household sector 2 ) increasing , in absolute value , own-price elasticity 3 ) increasing substitutability away from postage consumption with computer use 4 ) increasing substitutability between postage and telephone consumption .

Postal Service have implicitly recognized the absence of significant scale economies in mail processing and transportation functions in the Postal Service 's rate structure .
postal service have implicitly recognized the absence of significant scale economies in mail processing and transportation [purposes] in the postal service 's rate structure .

Note : For simplicity , coverage-related load time ( $ 1,232 million ) is included in access time , and street support is `` piggybacked '' on all three functions .
note : for simplicity , coverage-related load time ( $ 1,232 million ) is included in access time , and street support is `` piggybacked '' on all three [purposes] .

All other functions are assumed to vary with volume .
all other [purposes] are assumed to vary with volume .

Postal monopolies , like most other legal monopolies , are thought by many observers ( 1 ) to be technically inefficient , and ( 2 ) to have delivery functions which exhibit economies of scale.8 This paper addresses several questions which arise from these two points under the assumption that the monopoly and any other barriers to entry were to be removed .
postal monopolies , like most other legal monopolies , are thought by many observers ( 1 ) to be technically inefficient , and ( 2 ) to have delivery [purposes] which exhibit economies of scale.8 this paper addresses several questions which arise from these two points under the assumption that the monopoly and any other barriers to entry were to be removed .

As with all demand functions , the mailers are presumed to understand that they must pay any paper , printing , and preparation costs associated with their increased use of the mail .
as with all demand [purposes] , the mailers are presumed to understand that they must pay any paper , printing , and preparation costs associated with their increased use of the mail .

In 1996 , Mayor Rudolph Giuliani created the Mayor 's Office of Emergency Management , which had three basic functions .
in 1996 , mayor rudolph giuliani created the mayor 's office of emergency management , which had three basic [purposes] .

Field Comm 's two main functions were to relay information between the overall operations command post and FDNY dispatch and to track all units operating at the scene on a large magnetic board .
field comm 's two main [purposes] were to relay information between the overall operations command post and fdny dispatch and to track all units operating at the scene on a large magnetic board .

Executive Order 12333 , titled `` United States Intelligence Activities , '' terms covert action `` special activities , '' defined as `` activities conducted in support of national foreign policy objectives abroad which are planned and executed so that the role of the United States Government is not apparent or acknowledged publicly , and functions in support of such activities [ . ] ''
executive order 12333 , titled `` united states intelligence activities , '' terms covert action `` special activities , '' defined as `` activities conducted in support of national foreign policy objectives abroad which are planned and executed so that the role of the united states government is not apparent or acknowledged publicly , and [purposes] in support of such activities [ . ] ''

Regarding the dissolution of the OSS and creation of the CIG , see Michael Warner , Central Intelligence : Origin and Evolution ( Center for the Study of Intelligence , 2001 ) ; Executive Order 9621 , `` Termination of the Office of Strategic Services and Disposition of its Functions , '' Sept. 20 , 1945 ; '' Presidential Directive on Coordination of Foreign Intelligence Activities , '' Jan. 22 , 1946 ( 11 Fed .
regarding the dissolution of the oss and creation of the cig , see michael warner , central intelligence : origin and evolution ( center for the study of intelligence , 2001 ) ; executive order 9621 , `` termination of the office of strategic services and disposition of its [purposes] , '' sept. 20 , 1945 ; '' presidential directive on coordination of foreign intelligence activities , '' jan. 22 , 1946 ( 11 fed .

Lobbying by the FBI , combined with fears of creating a U.S. Gestapo , led to the FBI 's being assigned responsibility for internal security functions and counterespionage .
lobbying by the fbi , combined with fears of creating a u.s. gestapo , led to the fbi 's being assigned responsibility for internal security [purposes] and counterespionage .

The CIA was specifically accorded `` no police , subpoena , or law enforcement powers or internal security functions . ''
the cia was specifically accorded `` no police , subpoena , or law enforcement powers or internal security [purposes] . ''

Recommendations by the Joint Committee on the Organization of Congress were implemented , in part , in the House of Representatives after the 1994 elections , but there was no reorganization of national security functions .
recommendations by the joint committee on the organization of congress were implemented , in part , in the house of representatives after the 1994 elections , but there was no reorganization of national security [purposes] .

Terrorism came under the jurisdiction of at least 14 different committees in the House alone , and budget and oversight functions in the House and Senate concerning terrorism were also splintered badly among committees .
terrorism came under the jurisdiction of at least 14 different committees in the house alone , and budget and oversight [purposes] in the house and senate concerning terrorism were also splintered badly among committees .

Our concept combines the J-2 and J-3 functions ( intelligence and operational planning ) in one agency , keeping overall policy coordination where it belongs , in the National Security Council .
our concept combines the j-2 and j-3 [purposes] ( intelligence and operational planning ) in one agency , keeping overall policy coordination where it belongs , in the national security council .

They used the game software to increase their familiarity with aircraft models and functions , and to highlight gaps in cabin security .
they used the game software to increase their familiarity with aircraft models and [purposes] , and to highlight gaps in cabin security .

While that agency continued to react to specific , credible threats , it did not try to perform the broader warning functions we describe here .
while that agency continued to react to specific , credible threats , it did not try to perform the broader warning [purposes] we describe here .

In Saudi Arabia , zakat is broader and more pervasive than Western ideas of charity , in that it functions not only as charity but also as social welfare , educational assistance , foreign aid , a form of income tax , and a source of political influence .
in saudi arabia , zakat is broader and more pervasive than western ideas of charity , in that it [purposes] not only as charity but also as social welfare , educational assistance , foreign aid , a form of income tax , and a source of political influence .

During 2000 , the FBI had erred in preparing some of its applications for FISA surveillance , misstating how much information had been shared with criminal prosecutors and the nature of the walls between the intelligence and law enforcement functions within the FBI .
during 2000 , the fbi had erred in preparing some of its applications for fisa surveillance , misstating how much information had been shared with criminal prosecutors and the nature of the walls between the intelligence and law enforcement [purposes] within the fbi .

The challenge is to see the common problem across agencies and functions and develop a conceptual framework-an architecture- for an effective screening system .
the challenge is to see the common problem across agencies and [purposes] and develop a conceptual framework-an architecture- for an effective screening system .

It is natural to equate such functions with purposes .
it is natural to equate such [purposes] with purposes .

As the power of computation to identify possible functions of complex biological networks is increasingly recognized , purely ( or largely ) computational studies are becoming more common in biological journals .
as the power of computation to identify possible [purposes] of complex biological networks is increasingly recognized , purely ( or largely ) computational studies are becoming more common in biological journals .

The compounds have many functions , but those with antibiotic activity are the most important from the human perspective .
the compounds have many [purposes] , but those with antibiotic activity are the most important from the human perspective .

In contrast , the DNA sequence of the gene set for the complex polyketide erythromycin , made by a relative of Streptomyces called Saccharopolyspora erythraea , which has more involved programming , revealed multifunctional proteins with the various enzymic functions carried out by active sites on the same polypeptide chain , as in a mammalian fatty acid synthase .
in contrast , the dna sequence of the gene set for the complex polyketide erythromycin , made by a relative of streptomyces called saccharopolyspora erythraea , which has more involved programming , revealed multifunctional proteins with the various enzymic [purposes] carried out by active sites on the same polypeptide chain , as in a mammalian fatty acid synthase .

This dissociation between the functions of medial and lateral orbitofrontal cortex seemed to mirror Iversen and Mishkin 's initial dissociation in monkeys , in which the lateral orbitofrontal cortex was linked , in both cases , to the reversal trials .
this dissociation between the [purposes] of medial and lateral orbitofrontal cortex seemed to mirror iversen and mishkin 's initial dissociation in monkeys , in which the lateral orbitofrontal cortex was linked , in both cases , to the reversal trials .

Again , from other molecules , we know that shedding can serve important cellular functions by releasing diffusible ligands from their membrane-bound precursors ( e.g. , TGFα and TNFα ) or by terminating intercellular signaling ( e.g. , Notch ) .
again , from other molecules , we know that shedding can serve important cellular [purposes] by releasing diffusible ligands from their membrane-bound precursors ( e.g. , tgfα and tnfα ) or by terminating intercellular signaling ( e.g. , notch ) .

We did not exhaust all possible factor combinations in our study : we speculate that further method refinements may improve the efficiency of NS conversion into IPCs , as well as IPC insulin synthesis and stimulus–secretion coupling , the hallmark functions of mature β-cells .
we did not exhaust all possible factor combinations in our study : we speculate that further method refinements may improve the efficiency of ns conversion into ipcs , as well as ipc insulin synthesis and stimulus–secretion coupling , the hallmark [purposes] of mature β-cells .

Ligand binding activates the kinase , resulting in autophosphorylation and initiation of a series of phosphotransfer reactions that culminates with the activation of a response regulator protein that functions as the effector component of the pathway .
ligand binding activates the kinase , resulting in autophosphorylation and initiation of a series of phosphotransfer reactions that culminates with the activation of a response regulator protein that [purposes] as the effector component of the pathway .

Components in these pathways perform the same biochemical functions and act in the same order in both fruitfly and mammalian cells .
components in these pathways perform the same biochemical [purposes] and act in the same order in both fruitfly and mammalian cells .

As the premier biological electron acceptor , molecular oxygen ( O 2 ) serves a vital role in fundamental cellular functions , including the process of aerobic respiration .
as the premier biological electron acceptor , molecular oxygen ( o 2 ) serves a vital role in fundamental cellular [purposes] , including the process of aerobic respiration .

They bring together the flutes and the violins and the French horns , each of which do different things , and they make them all work together in concert. ” Kenyon is unequivocal about the bottom line : “ We have a whole set of genes whose biochemical functions we can be working on to understand more about the actual mechanisms of ageing. ” Complementary results in flies and mammals persuade her to be more explicit .
they bring together the flutes and the violins and the french horns , each of which do different things , and they make them all work together in concert. ” kenyon is unequivocal about the bottom line : “ we have a whole set of genes whose biochemical [purposes] we can be working on to understand more about the actual mechanisms of ageing. ” complementary results in flies and mammals persuade her to be more explicit .

Future modeling studies could extend our work by not making the simplifying assumption that all patients have similar ease of travel over the same distance and by including weighting functions on distance impedance for different communities ( based on the quality of the road infrastructure , for example , and the availability of transportation ) ( D. P. Wilson , J. O. Kahn , S. M. Blower , unpublished data ) .
future modeling studies could extend our work by not making the simplifying assumption that all patients have similar ease of travel over the same distance and by including weighting [purposes] on distance impedance for different communities ( based on the quality of the road infrastructure , for example , and the availability of transportation ) ( d. p. wilson , j. o. kahn , s. m. blower , unpublished data ) .

The primary evidence that duplication has played a vital role in the evolution of new gene functions is the widespread existence of gene families .
the primary evidence that duplication has played a vital role in the evolution of new gene [purposes] is the widespread existence of gene families .

Paralogous genes can often be found clustered within a genome , although dispersed paralogues , often with more diverse functions , are also common .
paralogous genes can often be found clustered within a genome , although dispersed paralogues , often with more diverse [purposes] , are also common .

Given the apparent importance of gene duplication for the evolution of new biological functions over all evolutionary timescales , it is of great interest to be able to comprehensively document the duplicative differences that exist between our own species and our closest relatives , the great apes .
given the apparent importance of gene duplication for the evolution of new biological [purposes] over all evolutionary timescales , it is of great interest to be able to comprehensively document the duplicative differences that exist between our own species and our closest relatives , the great apes .

Rather than one gene duplicate retaining the original function , while the other either degrades or evolves a new function , the original functions of the single-copy gene may be partitioned between the duplicates ( subfunctionalization ) .
rather than one gene duplicate retaining the original function , while the other either degrades or evolves a new function , the original [purposes] of the single-copy gene may be partitioned between the duplicates ( subfunctionalization ) .

Many genes perform a multiplicity of subtly distinct functions , and selective pressures have resulted in a compromise between optimal sequences for each role .
many genes perform a multiplicity of subtly distinct [purposes] , and selective pressures have resulted in a compromise between optimal sequences for each role .

Partitioning these functions between the duplicates may increase the fitness of the organism by removing the conflict between two or more functions .
partitioning these [purposes] between the duplicates may increase the fitness of the organism by removing the conflict between two or more [purposes] .

Not all new biological functions resulting from gene duplications can be ascribed to individual genes .
not all new biological [purposes] resulting from gene duplications can be ascribed to individual genes .

The intragenic duplication of individual exons or enhancer elements also presents new opportunities for the evolution of new functions or greater regulatory complexity .
the intragenic duplication of individual exons or enhancer elements also presents new opportunities for the evolution of new [purposes] or greater regulatory complexity .

In contrast to the spatially restricted functions of CAP , Ena , and Abl , profilin and cofilin were shown to regulate actin filament formation throughout the cell cortex , a more global function that matches the results obtained in cell culture experiments .
in contrast to the spatially restricted [purposes] of cap , ena , and abl , profilin and cofilin were shown to regulate actin filament formation throughout the cell cortex , a more global function that matches the results obtained in cell culture experiments .

The functions revealed in the follicular epithelium were consistent with the roles previously shown in mammalian systems , but the experiments on intact tissue began to reveal a spatial and temporal functional dimension that could not have been observed in cell culture .
the [purposes] revealed in the follicular epithelium were consistent with the roles previously shown in mammalian systems , but the experiments on intact tissue began to reveal a spatial and temporal functional dimension that could not have been observed in cell culture .

Together these two studies reveal that RNAi screens in tissue culture can be a powerful tool for finding new functions of known and uncharacterized genes , and new relationships between genes .
together these two studies reveal that rnai screens in tissue culture can be a powerful tool for finding new [purposes] of known and uncharacterized genes , and new relationships between genes .

However , this is only the beginning , and the genes identified in this manner will have to be tested in vivo , in systems like that of Baum and Perrimon , where specific functions can be assessed in time and space within the confines of real organisms .
however , this is only the beginning , and the genes identified in this manner will have to be tested in vivo , in systems like that of baum and perrimon , where specific [purposes] can be assessed in time and space within the confines of real organisms .

He has hypothesized that the early-developing basic functions may require more brain area in autism , pushing out and disturbing the later specialization for more complex functions .
he has hypothesized that the early-developing basic [purposes] may require more brain area in autism , pushing out and disturbing the later specialization for more complex [purposes] .

Brain functions seem more modular than global .
brain [purposes] seem more modular than global .

As we will see , mutations that cause recessive diseases result in the loss of these neuroprotective functions .
as we will see , mutations that cause recessive diseases result in the loss of these neuroprotective [purposes] .

The three protein products of these genes all have different functions , thus implicating several different cellular functions in neuroprotection .
the three protein products of these genes all have different [purposes] , thus implicating several different cellular [purposes] in neuroprotection .

The discussion of protein functions gets more complicated in the case of DJ-1 .
the discussion of protein [purposes] gets more complicated in the case of dj-1 .

Instead , DJ-1 is a member of a large superfamily of genes with several different functions across species ( Bandyopadhyay and Cookson 2004 ) .
instead , dj-1 is a member of a large superfamily of genes with several different [purposes] across species ( bandyopadhyay and cookson 2004 ) .

This discussion indicates that the genes responsible for recessive parkinsonism all have different functions but are all , in a broad sense , neuroprotective .
this discussion indicates that the genes responsible for recessive parkinsonism all have different [purposes] but are all , in a broad sense , neuroprotective .

Next , the authors did a rigorous test of different functions of the p53 protein .
next , the authors did a rigorous test of different [purposes] of the p53 protein .

Venkatachalam and colleagues suggested the strong concentration dependence of p53 function could be explained by the fact that p53 functions as a tetramer .
venkatachalam and colleagues suggested the strong concentration dependence of p53 function could be explained by the fact that p53 [purposes] as a tetramer .

The list would be on a public Web site where these targets and the predicted functions could be examined and modified by alternative or additional predictions from other groups to guide future experimentation .
the list would be on a public web site where these targets and the predicted [purposes] could be examined and modified by alternative or additional predictions from other groups to guide future experimentation .

Finally , if this initiative succeeds , it would serve as a suitable model from which to begin the more daunting task of trying to annotate the functions of the complex eukaryotic genomes , such as the human genome .
finally , if this initiative succeeds , it would serve as a suitable model from which to begin the more daunting task of trying to annotate the [purposes] of the complex eukaryotic genomes , such as the human genome .

For example , genome sequence data , chemical compounds , or protein structures embedded within an article can be searched for in other articles and linked directly to genome or structural databases uncovering new genetic markers , drug uses , or protein functions .
for example , genome sequence data , chemical compounds , or protein structures embedded within an article can be searched for in other articles and linked directly to genome or structural databases uncovering new genetic markers , drug uses , or protein [purposes] .

Fueled by prejudice and appealing to it , stigma functions to diminish the person or group being targeted .
fueled by prejudice and appealing to it , stigma [purposes] to diminish the person or group being targeted .

To be effective , all HIV interventions should include an analysis of how stigma functions , how it enhances dominance and subordination in society , how it is that some win and others lose in the pernicious struggle for pre-eminence , and why it is that such a social scheme perversely flourishes in the first place [ 16 ] .
to be effective , all hiv interventions should include an analysis of how stigma [purposes] , how it enhances dominance and subordination in society , how it is that some win and others lose in the pernicious struggle for pre-eminence , and why it is that such a social scheme perversely flourishes in the first place [ 16 ] .

The aim of both screens was to identify genes with unique and essential functions in zebrafish development , and in 1996 an issue of the journal Development was dedicated to the mutants that had been isolated and characterised .
the aim of both screens was to identify genes with unique and essential [purposes] in zebrafish development , and in 1996 an issue of the journal development was dedicated to the mutants that had been isolated and characterised .

Under defined in vitro conditions , these cells adopt a cardiomyocyte phenotype that goes beyond the simple expression of cardiac-restricted biochemical and molecular markers , extending to the types of single-cell physiological functions that are hallmarks of authentic cardiomyocytes , including action potentials , calcium transients , and contractile activity .
under defined in vitro conditions , these cells adopt a cardiomyocyte phenotype that goes beyond the simple expression of cardiac-restricted biochemical and molecular markers , extending to the types of single-cell physiological [purposes] that are hallmarks of authentic cardiomyocytes , including action potentials , calcium transients , and contractile activity .

In particular , even a low level of viremia correlates with a low or undetectable frequency of interleukin-2-producing HIV-1-specific memory CD4+ T cells endowed with proliferative capacity in vitro [ 36,37,38,39 ] , thus abrogating CD4+ T cell help crucial to maintain efficacy of CD8+ T cell functions .
in particular , even a low level of viremia correlates with a low or undetectable frequency of interleukin-2-producing hiv-1-specific memory cd4+ t cells endowed with proliferative capacity in vitro [ 36,37,38,39 ] , thus abrogating cd4+ t cell help crucial to maintain efficacy of cd8+ t cell [purposes] .

Assessing the changes in CD4+ and CD8+ T cell functions over time as well as viral evolution under immune selection pressure will be important to evaluate immune correlates in this cohort .
assessing the changes in cd4+ and cd8+ t cell [purposes] over time as well as viral evolution under immune selection pressure will be important to evaluate immune correlates in this cohort .

We do not know the functions of the majority of proteins that can exist as prions .
we do not know the [purposes] of the majority of proteins that can exist as prions .

This work , therefore , clarifies the architecture of prions by defining two structural motifs in prion proteins that have distinct functions in aggregation and propagation .
this work , therefore , clarifies the architecture of prions by defining two structural motifs in prion proteins that have distinct [purposes] in aggregation and propagation .

An important goal has been to determine the functions of individual family members .
an important goal has been to determine the [purposes] of individual family members .

This study illustrates nicely how RNA silencing components have diversified in plants to carry out specialized functions .
this study illustrates nicely how rna silencing components have diversified in plants to carry out specialized [purposes] .

In addition to regulation of chemotaxis and homing , other functions have been ascribed to chemokines , including modulation of T cell fate by direct effects on differentiating T cells , and regulation of proteolysis in blood monocytes [ 19,30 ] .
in addition to regulation of chemotaxis and homing , other [purposes] have been ascribed to chemokines , including modulation of t cell fate by direct effects on differentiating t cells , and regulation of proteolysis in blood monocytes [ 19,30 ] .

Calcium-dependent Ca 2+ /calmodulin kinase activity is also upregulated by slow motor neuron activity , possibly because it amplifies the slow-type calcineurin-generated responses by promoting MEF2 transactivator functions and enhancing oxidative capacity through stimulation of mitochondrial biogenesis ( Wu et al .
calcium-dependent ca 2+ /calmodulin kinase activity is also upregulated by slow motor neuron activity , possibly because it amplifies the slow-type calcineurin-generated responses by promoting mef2 transactivator [purposes] and enhancing oxidative capacity through stimulation of mitochondrial biogenesis ( wu et al .

The microchip assay we describe here uses a direct volumetric method and functions as a single-platform approach .
the microchip assay we describe here uses a direct volumetric method and [purposes] as a single-platform approach .

In this new study , they focused on a signaling protein called KRAS , which functions downstream of many tyrosine kinases , including EGFR .
in this new study , they focused on a signaling protein called kras , which [purposes] downstream of many tyrosine kinases , including egfr .

Thus , they have found critical genes encoding proteins that control several critical functions in the cell .
thus , they have found critical genes encoding proteins that control several critical [purposes] in the cell .

Scientific societies perform an array of tremendously valuable functions for their constituents and disciplines .
scientific societies perform an array of tremendously valuable [purposes] for their constituents and disciplines .

These are questions , respectively , about structures , mechanisms , pathologies , repairs , origins , and functions or purposes .
these are questions , respectively , about structures , mechanisms , pathologies , repairs , origins , and [purposes] or purposes .

It is important to determine whether events similar to these seen in cell culture are occurring in tissues and what functions cell protrusions perform during tissue morphogenesis .
it is important to determine whether events similar to these seen in cell culture are occurring in tissues and what [purposes] cell protrusions perform during tissue morphogenesis .

We need to identify the types of cell protrusions that are present in tissues and the molecular complexes localizing on them as well as their functions .
we need to identify the types of cell protrusions that are present in tissues and the molecular complexes localizing on them as well as their [purposes] .

In this manner , the exterior and interior of a cell are physically linked , which allows for bidirectional transmission of mechanical and biochemical signals across the plasma membrane , and leads to a cooperative regulation of cell functions , including adhesion , migration , growth , and differentiation .
in this manner , the exterior and interior of a cell are physically linked , which allows for bidirectional transmission of mechanical and biochemical signals across the plasma membrane , and leads to a cooperative regulation of cell [purposes] , including adhesion , migration , growth , and differentiation .

Natural Variation and Food Security The scientific enterprise has always challenged beliefs about the way the world functions , its origins , and its possibilities .
natural variation and food security the scientific enterprise has always challenged beliefs about the way the world [purposes] , its origins , and its possibilities .

It is currently unclear why the cell has two mechanisms to dissociate cohesin from chromosomes , although it is interesting to speculate that this could be related to different functions of cohesin at chromosome arms versus pericentric domains .
it is currently unclear why the cell has two mechanisms to dissociate cohesin from chromosomes , although it is interesting to speculate that this could be related to different [purposes] of cohesin at chromosome arms versus pericentric domains .

These functions may be important during different phases of the cell cycle .
these [purposes] may be important during different phases of the cell cycle .

Because they can not be easily cultured apart outside of the host for traditional genetic or physiological techniques , analysis of genome sequence offers a valuable tool to infer metabolic functions that endosymbionts have retained and lost and to elucidate the steps in the evolutionary processes of genome reduction .
because they can not be easily cultured apart outside of the host for traditional genetic or physiological techniques , analysis of genome sequence offers a valuable tool to infer metabolic [purposes] that endosymbionts have retained and lost and to elucidate the steps in the evolutionary processes of genome reduction .

Early gene loss in Buchnera involved a few deletions of large contiguous regions of the ancestral genome and often included genes of unrelated functions ( Moran and Mira 2001 ) .
early gene loss in buchnera involved a few deletions of large contiguous regions of the ancestral genome and often included genes of unrelated [purposes] ( moran and mira 2001 ) .

Such deletions are apparently irreversible in obligate mutualists , which lack recombination functions and genetic elements , such as prophages , transposons , and repetitive DNA that typically mediate gene acquisition .
such deletions are apparently irreversible in obligate mutualists , which lack recombination [purposes] and genetic elements , such as prophages , transposons , and repetitive dna that typically mediate gene acquisition .

The scarcity of these functions , combined with limited opportunities to recombine with genetically distinct bacteria , may explain the unprecedented genome stability found in Buchnera compared to all other fully sequenced bacteria ( Tamas et al .
the scarcity of these [purposes] , combined with limited opportunities to recombine with genetically distinct bacteria , may explain the unprecedented genome stability found in buchnera compared to all other fully sequenced bacteria ( tamas et al .

Stability also extends to the level of gene expression , as obligate mutualists have lost most regulatory functions and have reduced abilities to respond to environmental stimuli ( Wilcox et al .
stability also extends to the level of gene expression , as obligate mutualists have lost most regulatory [purposes] and have reduced abilities to respond to environmental stimuli ( wilcox et al .

Studying the actions of these viral proteins has yielded understanding of diverse cellular functions such as the innate immunity against retroviruses , control of transcriptional elongation , export of macromolecules from the nucleus to the cytoplasm , and intracellular trafficking of proteins ( reviewed in [ 1 ] ) .
studying the actions of these viral proteins has yielded understanding of diverse cellular [purposes] such as the innate immunity against retroviruses , control of transcriptional elongation , export of macromolecules from the nucleus to the cytoplasm , and intracellular trafficking of proteins ( reviewed in [ 1 ] ) .

Tat is unique among transcriptional activators in eukaryotic cells in that it functions via RNA rather than DNA promoter elements ( Figure 1 ) .
tat is unique among transcriptional activators in eukaryotic cells in that it [purposes] via rna rather than dna promoter elements ( figure 1 ) .

Each of these genes has received support from multiple lines of evidence with imperfect consistency : 1 ) The case for each of these as a candidate gene for schizophrenia is supported by linkage studies ; 2 ) The preponderance of association study findings provides further support ; 3 ) mRNA from each gene is expressed in the prefrontal cortex as well as in other areas of the brain ; and 4 ) Additional neurobiological data link the functions of these genes to biological processes thought to be related to schizophrenia .
each of these genes has received support from multiple lines of evidence with imperfect consistency : 1 ) the case for each of these as a candidate gene for schizophrenia is supported by linkage studies ; 2 ) the preponderance of association study findings provides further support ; 3 ) mrna from each gene is expressed in the prefrontal cortex as well as in other areas of the brain ; and 4 ) additional neurobiological data link the [purposes] of these genes to biological processes thought to be related to schizophrenia .

Although there is still some debate over exactly how APOBEC3G leads to viral eradication , the most likely scenario is that G3A hypermutation results in the generation and incorporation of a multitude of deleterious mutations that fatally disrupt viral functions .
although there is still some debate over exactly how apobec3g leads to viral eradication , the most likely scenario is that g3a hypermutation results in the generation and incorporation of a multitude of deleterious mutations that fatally disrupt viral [purposes] .

This strategy is likely to work well for retroviruses like HIV because their genomes are so compact that individual sequence regions often perform multiple functions .
this strategy is likely to work well for retroviruses like hiv because their genomes are so compact that individual sequence regions often perform multiple [purposes] .

Where complex T cell functions did show such a correlation , the data indicated that viral replication was adversely affecting the character of the T cell immune response to HIV , and not the other way around [ 9 ] .
where complex t cell [purposes] did show such a correlation , the data indicated that viral replication was adversely affecting the character of the t cell immune response to hiv , and not the other way around [ 9 ] .

If the remaining 20 % of the glomeruli—and the olfactory receptor genes they represent—can subserve the functions of 1,100 genes , it implies that 350 genes in the human are more than enough to smell as well as a mouse .
if the remaining 20 % of the glomeruli—and the olfactory receptor genes they represent—can subserve the [purposes] of 1,100 genes , it implies that 350 genes in the human are more than enough to smell as well as a mouse .

This filtering apparatus is a biological air conditioner ( Negus 1958 ) with three key functions : cleaning , warming , and humidifying the inspired air .
this filtering apparatus is a biological air conditioner ( negus 1958 ) with three key [purposes] : cleaning , warming , and humidifying the inspired air .

In a way , the graft interface functions as an unintentional filter .
in a way , the graft interface [purposes] as an unintentional filter .

Typical models consider only simple seasonal forcing functions ( mathematical functions that are periodic in time and therefore describe in a generic way the seasonal variation in the transmission rate or some other seasonal parameter—a sine wave is an example ) .
typical models consider only simple seasonal forcing [purposes] ( mathematical [purposes] that are periodic in time and therefore describe in a generic way the seasonal variation in the transmission rate or some other seasonal parameter—a sine wave is an example ) .

There are some important exceptions to this—some models do incorporate more complicated seasonal forcing functions that describe the actual processes underlying the seasonal drivers of transmission .
there are some important exceptions to this—some models do incorporate more complicated seasonal forcing [purposes] that describe the actual processes underlying the seasonal drivers of transmission .

Examples are models of childhood diseases that describe the regular stopping and starting of school terms [ 9,10,11 ] , and recent malaria models that include the seasonal dynamics of mosquito births and pathogen incubation as functions of temperature and rainfall [ 12 ] .
examples are models of childhood diseases that describe the regular stopping and starting of school terms [ 9,10,11 ] , and recent malaria models that include the seasonal dynamics of mosquito births and pathogen incubation as [purposes] of temperature and rainfall [ 12 ] .

Human society functions through the confusion of our connections and disconnections with others and ourselves , pretending we are individual identities and creating power networks that pervade every distinction .
human society [purposes] through the confusion of our connections and disconnections with others and ourselves , pretending we are individual identities and creating power networks that pervade every distinction .

Despite its numerous vital functions , the hypothalamus in humans accounts for only 1/300 of total brain weight , and is about the size of an almond.66 How exciting to think that a part of the human brain was evolved from the fish , and how plausible , looking past the gnostoc into the cold waters of the Lake , that humans would be happier if they lived there without the elaboration of aggressive behaviors exhibited by the savage boys in gym class .
despite its numerous vital [purposes] , the hypothalamus in humans accounts for only 1/300 of total brain weight , and is about the size of an almond.66 how exciting to think that a part of the human brain was evolved from the fish , and how plausible , looking past the gnostoc into the cold waters of the lake , that humans would be happier if they lived there without the elaboration of aggressive behaviors exhibited by the savage boys in gym class .

How much better to be without these functions and to live as the sturgeon once did in these waters .
how much better to be without these [purposes] and to live as the sturgeon once did in these waters .

Godard ) , an American alcoholic and leftist in recovery , long-time comrade of Achmed ; MonaLisa and Novy , a lesbian couple with two daughters , one of whom is murdered in the first scene of The Story ; Countess Karen Blitzen Yousopoff , the stick-thin aristocrat who directs public relations for the World Trade Organization and functions as a liason to many paramilitary groups ; Col. Oliver South , USMC ret. , a born-again Christian whose still-vital connections with power have landed him a position as the world 's top anti-terrorist mercenary , head of World Security Operations , Inc , ; Tim Tilden , the great-nephew of notorious and brilliant gay tennis star of the 1920 's , Big Bill Tilden , a young albino African-American adopted by the Sitholes ; The Baby ( once mistakenly named Little Nell-cf .
godard ) , an american alcoholic and leftist in recovery , long-time comrade of achmed ; monalisa and novy , a lesbian couple with two daughters , one of whom is murdered in the first scene of the story ; countess karen blitzen yousopoff , the stick-thin aristocrat who directs public relations for the world trade organization and [purposes] as a liason to many paramilitary groups ; col. oliver south , usmc ret. , a born-again christian whose still-vital connections with power have landed him a position as the world 's top anti-terrorist mercenary , head of world security operations , inc , ; tim tilden , the great-nephew of notorious and brilliant gay tennis star of the 1920 's , big bill tilden , a young albino african-american adopted by the sitholes ; the baby ( once mistakenly named little nell-cf .

Pathways involved in oral and genital functions `` converge in that part of the hypothalamus in which electrical stimulation results in angry and defensive behaviour '' ( MacLean 1973:44 ) .
pathways involved in oral and genital [purposes] `` converge in that part of the hypothalamus in which electrical stimulation results in angry and defensive behaviour '' ( maclean 1973:44 ) .

When Wilcha and his colleague were given the job of starting the alt-rock catalog , they explicitly adopted a team structure , breaking down the traditional hierarchical division between the 19 th and 17 th floors and integrating the marketing , creative , and design functions in a way that had never been done before at Columbia House .
when wilcha and his colleague were given the job of starting the alt-rock catalog , they explicitly adopted a team structure , breaking down the traditional hierarchical division between the 19 th and 17 th floors and integrating the marketing , creative , and design [purposes] in a way that had never been done before at columbia house .

The crucial ruling , both leads report , was the lords ' 3-2 decision that torture and hostage taking are not legitimate government functions .
the crucial ruling , both leads report , was the lords ' 3-2 decision that torture and hostage taking are not legitimate government [purposes] .

Its oven would perform all the functions of a microwave , a broiler , and a conventional oven , as well as steam-cooking and steam-cleaning .
its oven would perform all the [purposes] of a microwave , a broiler , and a conventional oven , as well as steam-cooking and steam-cleaning .

The director is Sidney Lumet , who functions as the opposite of a safety net : Even chronic underactors overact in Lumet pictures , and his camera is somehow always in the right place to catch them doing it .
the director is sidney lumet , who [purposes] as the opposite of a safety net : even chronic underactors overact in lumet pictures , and his camera is somehow always in the right place to catch them doing it .

It is n't clear why firms do n't fulfill most of the functions of civil society .
it is n't clear why firms do n't fulfill most of the [purposes] of civil society .

Many of the DOE 's functions , like owning oil ( the Strategic Petroleum Reserve ) and oil fields ( the Naval Petroleum Reserve ) , can be privatized .
many of the doe 's [purposes] , like owning oil ( the strategic petroleum reserve ) and oil fields ( the naval petroleum reserve ) , can be privatized .

Your computer would have fused the functions of your telephone , television , and fax machine into one seamless whole .
your computer would have fused the [purposes] of your telephone , television , and fax machine into one seamless whole .

Well-designed pantsuits and formal pant-wear allow me to attend professional and social functions without the appearance of an obvious handicap .
well-designed pantsuits and formal pant-wear allow me to attend professional and social [purposes] without the appearance of an obvious handicap .

My question : Why do so many people take offense at my wearing pants to the many functions I must attend ?
my question : why do so many people take offense at my wearing pants to the many [purposes] i must attend ?

According to the Associated Press , the attackers belong to a campus secret society that functions like a gang , retaliating against students and teachers who oppose them .
according to the associated press , the attackers belong to a campus secret society that [purposes] like a gang , retaliating against students and teachers who oppose them .

Predictions : Blue-chip companies will use the Internet to transform themselves ; business-to-business e-commerce will flourish ; and companies will outsource everything but their core functions .
predictions : blue-chip companies will use the internet to transform themselves ; business-to-business e-commerce will flourish ; and companies will outsource everything but their core [purposes] .

Most of the book consisted of chapters about the functions of government , with such prosaic titles as `` National Defense '' or `` Agriculture . ''
most of the book consisted of chapters about the [purposes] of government , with such prosaic titles as `` national defense '' or `` agriculture . ''

The budget still has the president 's message and a section organized according to the functions of government .
the budget still has the president 's message and a section organized according to the [purposes] of government .

Dung has a whole new meaning in the context of the sardonic primitivism , the parodic putti-cum-naked-models , the way the entire picture functions both as an homage to and an ironic commentary on the Western cult of the Madonna and its role in African culture .
dung has a whole new meaning in the context of the sardonic primitivism , the parodic putti-cum-naked-models , the way the entire picture [purposes] both as an homage to and an ironic commentary on the western cult of the madonna and its role in african culture .

An office building that functions poorly as an office building but looks impressive should be criticized , just as a dictionary that has impressive photos and presses flowers well but has poor definitions and etymologies should be criticized .
an office building that [purposes] poorly as an office building but looks impressive should be criticized , just as a dictionary that has impressive photos and presses flowers well but has poor definitions and etymologies should be criticized .

The purpose of tax policy should be to generate income for the government , so that it can perform its necessary and essential functions , with the least distortion and effect on the overall economy as possible .
the purpose of tax policy should be to generate income for the government , so that it can perform its necessary and essential [purposes] , with the least distortion and effect on the overall economy as possible .

What we ought to do to fund the proper functions of government is to charge contract and user fees .
what we ought to do to fund the proper [purposes] of government is to charge contract and user fees .

Energy Daily reported the Bush administration 's energy secretary , Adm. James Watkins , as saying , `` I think it would be a mistake to give [ weapons functions to the ] DOD , '' and that Defense Department officials may not understand the importance of rigorous -- and expensive -- nuclear-safety practices .
energy daily reported the bush administration 's energy secretary , adm. james watkins , as saying , `` i think it would be a mistake to give [ weapons [purposes] to the ] dod , '' and that defense department officials may not understand the importance of rigorous -- and expensive -- nuclear-safety practices .

The nation-state currently functions as the enforcer of contracts , making certain rules and formalities a practical necessity .
the nation-state currently [purposes] as the enforcer of contracts , making certain rules and formalities a practical necessity .

That is not to say that these institutions do n't have functions beyond lending out books .
that is not to say that these institutions do n't have [purposes] beyond lending out books .

Even with the reservoir of good will public libraries have , such ancillary functions are n't enough to keep them alive if their basic purpose fades .
even with the reservoir of good will public libraries have , such ancillary [purposes] are n't enough to keep them alive if their basic purpose fades .

Miles sets the situation into historical context : `` What made the fortune , so to speak , of the God of Israel , '' he observes , `` was that he combined two functions previously separate : on the one hand , the function of the Mesopotamian personal God , a kind of guardian angel whose responsibilities were concentrated on one man or woman but whose powers were also limited ; on the other , the function of the Canaanite/Mesopotamian high God , El , whose attention to any individual man or woman was slight or unpredictable but whose powers were universal .
miles sets the situation into historical context : `` what made the fortune , so to speak , of the god of israel , '' he observes , `` was that he combined two [purposes] previously separate : on the one hand , the function of the mesopotamian personal god , a kind of guardian angel whose responsibilities were concentrated on one man or woman but whose powers were also limited ; on the other , the function of the canaanite/mesopotamian high god , el , whose attention to any individual man or woman was slight or unpredictable but whose powers were universal .

That the booze-peddling Bronfmans wanted nothing to do with a film that functions as the opposite of an intoxicant is the kind of irony with which Happiness teems .
that the booze-peddling bronfmans wanted nothing to do with a film that [purposes] as the opposite of an intoxicant is the kind of irony with which happiness teems .

Editorialists debated whether the voters were punishing Chirac and Juppe for 1 ) daring to privatize and cut government functions ( the New York Times ) ; 2 ) failing to privatize and cut government functions ( the Wall Street Journal ) ; or 3 ) `` on-again , off-again '' weaving between the two positions ( the Washington Post ) .
editorialists debated whether the voters were punishing chirac and juppe for 1 ) daring to privatize and cut government [purposes] ( the new york times ) ; 2 ) failing to privatize and cut government [purposes] ( the wall street journal ) ; or 3 ) `` on-again , off-again '' weaving between the two positions ( the washington post ) .

IT 'S EVERYWHERE : Note that Clinton 's ultimate sin -- the sin of corporatism , of seeing society as a single body with individual human components performing different social functions and having different , unequal rights -- is the same as Kenneth Starr 's sin .
it 's everywhere : note that clinton 's ultimate sin -- the sin of corporatism , of seeing society as a single body with individual human components performing different social [purposes] and having different , unequal rights -- is the same as kenneth starr 's sin .

Yet she functions as his official consort .
yet she [purposes] as his official consort .

American currency circulating abroad functions as `` an interest-free loan to the U.S. government '' and demonstrates extreme worldwide confidence in the U.S. economy .
american currency circulating abroad [purposes] as `` an interest-free loan to the u.s. government '' and demonstrates extreme worldwide confidence in the u.s. economy .

Virtually every newspaper in the country has married some editorial and business functions , but Willes would go further .
virtually every newspaper in the country has married some editorial and business [purposes] , but willes would go further .

Assuming the bare-bones basic functions of government are to be maintained , where then will be the room for any border-control guards or anti-terrorism measures , or Head Start or education grants or peanut subsidies or national parks , or disaster relief -- let alone the enhancements that Congress deemed so necessary this October ?
assuming the bare-bones basic [purposes] of government are to be maintained , where then will be the room for any border-control guards or anti-terrorism measures , or head start or education grants or peanut subsidies or national parks , or disaster relief -- let alone the enhancements that congress deemed so necessary this october ?

Jane Jacobs long ago wrote that successful cities needed a variety of buildings , old as well as new , which could serve a variety of functions .
jane jacobs long ago wrote that successful cities needed a variety of buildings , old as well as new , which could serve a variety of [purposes] .

Mathematicians are , after all , people who fancy that they commune with perfect Platonic objects -- abstract spaces , infinite numbers , zeta functions -- that are invisible to normal humans .
mathematicians are , after all , people who fancy that they commune with perfect platonic objects -- abstract spaces , infinite numbers , zeta [purposes] -- that are invisible to normal humans .

The delicate plastic ear bones are just begging to be snapped , and the toy 's many cool functions spark curiosity about how it all works .
the delicate plastic ear bones are just begging to be snapped , and the toy 's many cool [purposes] spark curiosity about how it all works .

Even the casting functions as a form of allusion .
even the casting [purposes] as a form of allusion .

To use the source code effectively , a competitor would need to figure out which commands affect which functions and how changes to one part would affect the functioning of the whole -- a nearly impossible guessing game for even the most experienced programmers .
to use the source code effectively , a competitor would need to figure out which commands affect which [purposes] and how changes to one part would affect the functioning of the whole -- a nearly impossible guessing game for even the most experienced programmers .

The truth , banal as it may seem , is that we still do n't really know very much about how the potentially democratizing Internet really functions in a thoroughly undemocratic society , just as we do n't really know very much about how the market-revolutionizing Internet functions in a non-capitalist economy .
the truth , banal as it may seem , is that we still do n't really know very much about how the potentially democratizing internet really [purposes] in a thoroughly undemocratic society , just as we do n't really know very much about how the market-revolutionizing internet [purposes] in a non-capitalist economy .

Surely it would be relevant to know if it functions similarly to what 's being proposed now and to know if it has indeed helped make medicine safer .
surely it would be relevant to know if it [purposes] similarly to what 's being proposed now and to know if it has indeed helped make medicine safer .

Murray 's more laconic account is based upon a classical liberal argument : Force is bad ; cooperation is good ; government is force ; ergo , the only legitimate functions of government are to enforce voluntary agreements , and to prevent force and fraud .
murray 's more laconic account is based upon a classical liberal argument : force is bad ; cooperation is good ; government is force ; ergo , the only legitimate [purposes] of government are to enforce voluntary agreements , and to prevent force and fraud .

They 've `` outsourced '' functions that used to be part of their responsibility ( baby sitters , tutors , camps ) , creating a fragmented regimen .
they 've `` outsourced '' [purposes] that used to be part of their responsibility ( baby sitters , tutors , camps ) , creating a fragmented regimen .

The more interesting transformation signaled by the relationship between Galoob and Lucasfilm may be the one from an economy in which companies design and make products in-house toward an economy in which those functions are separated and contracted out .
the more interesting transformation signaled by the relationship between galoob and lucasfilm may be the one from an economy in which companies design and make products in-house toward an economy in which those [purposes] are separated and contracted out .

Conservative clothing at business-related functions ought to put you both at ease .
conservative clothing at business-related [purposes] ought to put you both at ease .

A browser 's source is small because it uses the functions of the GUI .
a browser 's source is small because it uses the [purposes] of the gui .

Thus , the existence of supranational bodies with significant functions of governance is no longer the issue .
thus , the existence of supranational bodies with significant [purposes] of governance is no longer the issue .

In fact , our `` utility functions , '' as economists call them , have not really changed .
in fact , our `` utility [purposes] , '' as economists call them , have not really changed .

As I understand it , when political scientists and sociologists refer to a society as `` civil '' they are citing the many important functions that are performed by voluntary , intermediate institutions .
as i understand it , when political scientists and sociologists refer to a society as `` civil '' they are citing the many important [purposes] that are performed by voluntary , intermediate institutions .

In other words , it functions as a polite observation naturally terminating the transaction .
in other words , it [purposes] as a polite observation naturally terminating the transaction .

Churches and the like are out , too , since my atheism probably would n't go over too well at such functions .
churches and the like are out , too , since my atheism probably would n't go over too well at such [purposes] .

The deciding factor is how the rest of the relationship functions .
the deciding factor is how the rest of the relationship [purposes] .

While no one really likes forking over taxes , that money pays for a multitude of government services and functions .
while no one really likes forking over taxes , that money pays for a multitude of government services and [purposes] .

The remaining 74 percent process tax returns , provide help to taxpayers , and carry out other administrative and adjudicative functions .
the remaining 74 percent process tax returns , provide help to taxpayers , and carry out other administrative and adjudicative [purposes] .

The Washington Times ' editorial page , directed by Tod Lindberg , functions like the Journal 's .
the washington times ' editorial page , directed by tod lindberg , [purposes] like the journal 's .

Whether biblical language will continue to serve the same functions in English is another story .
whether biblical language will continue to serve the same [purposes] in english is another story .

Organizations combining public and private functions appeal to the woolly ideal of government-business partnership .
organizations combining public and private [purposes] appeal to the woolly ideal of government-business partnership .

In spite of political barriers , the academic circle in the mainland of China prefer dian nao to their original translation of calculating machine : calculating being just one of the several functions of computers , Taiwan 's translation is felt to be more exact .
in spite of political barriers , the academic circle in the mainland of china prefer dian nao to their original translation of calculating machine : calculating being just one of the several [purposes] of computers , taiwan 's translation is felt to be more exact .

Perhaps cost-cutting ( which the BBC , for example , seems to regard as one of its main functions these days ) has led to cornercutting -- before , during , and after the recording session : less run-through time , less editorial monitoring , less post-production checking and polishing .
perhaps cost-cutting ( which the bbc , for example , seems to regard as one of its main [purposes] these days ) has led to cornercutting -- before , during , and after the recording session : less run-through time , less editorial monitoring , less post-production checking and polishing .

On mine , nestled among some control keys on the right side is what is called a “ number pad , ” which resembles the key arrangement one sees on an adding machine or calculator ; on the left side is a double bank of five keys marked F1 through F10 which , when pressed alone or in combination with another key , perform certain functions , some of which are useful , others of which are evidently thought useful by the manufacturer but which I never use .
on mine , nestled among some control keys on the right side is what is called a “ number pad , ” which resembles the key arrangement one sees on an adding machine or calculator ; on the left side is a double bank of five keys marked f1 through f10 which , when pressed alone or in combination with another key , perform certain [purposes] , some of which are useful , others of which are evidently thought useful by the manufacturer but which i never use .

After that , the DOS , as it is called , performs certain functions , though seldom any that anyone but a computer specialist would want to perform .
after that , the dos , as it is called , performs certain [purposes] , though seldom any that anyone but a computer specialist would want to perform .

Bodily Functions and Parts/A Bit Raunchy J.M .
bodily [purposes] and parts/a bit raunchy j.m .

It is not surprising , semantically speaking , that the word widened its meaning so quickly since it naturally lent itself ( as did closet ) to the description of a solitary place , one where people performed lavatorial functions .
it is not surprising , semantically speaking , that the word widened its meaning so quickly since it naturally lent itself ( as did closet ) to the description of a solitary place , one where people performed lavatorial [purposes] .

We are probably indebted to spelling-check functions on computers and electronic typewriters for an apparent decrease in spelling errors such as the following :
we are probably indebted to spelling-check [purposes] on computers and electronic typewriters for an apparent decrease in spelling errors such as the following :

Orca functions as a euphemism only because its true meaning is forgotten .
orca [purposes] as a euphemism only because its true meaning is forgotten .

While we have been taught to accept that brain cells are incapable of regeneration , some investigators continue to experiment with the stimulation of healthy parts of the brain to perform functions that atrophied or injured parts have abrogated .
while we have been taught to accept that brain cells are incapable of regeneration , some investigators continue to experiment with the stimulation of healthy parts of the brain to perform [purposes] that atrophied or injured parts have abrogated .

In modern dialogue , which in no sense approaches the gentility of the perfumed puritanicals , the denotation of unmentionables has broadened to include body organs , curses , and biological functions .
in modern dialogue , which in no sense approaches the gentility of the perfumed puritanicals , the denotation of unmentionables has broadened to include body organs , curses , and biological [purposes] .

Later , vagina was borrowed into English and assigned its present meaning from the similarity of the functions .
later , vagina was borrowed into english and assigned its present meaning from the similarity of the [purposes] .

Chairmen do preside , of course , but to the English speaker steeped in a tradition of civic committees and PTA the functions of a chairman go beyond simply presiding .
chairmen do preside , of course , but to the english speaker steeped in a tradition of civic committees and pta the [purposes] of a chairman go beyond simply presiding .

As the authors point out , the taboos among speakers of English occur mostly among terms for death , God , fear , sex , lust , and bodily parts , to which one should add bodily functions and , perhaps , disease .
as the authors point out , the taboos among speakers of english occur mostly among terms for death , god , fear , sex , lust , and bodily parts , to which one should add bodily [purposes] and , perhaps , disease .

Not only the meanings of words and the meanings of sentences , as most linguists define sentence meanings , but also the appropriateness of the uses of sentences , the functions carried out by sentences , and numerous other facets of what we call “ meaning ” have been proposed as part of the native speaker 's linguistic knowledge ... . [ W ] e ... note that adopting this view ... ultimately may be equivalent to Bloomfield 's view that no aspects of meaning belong in grammar .
not only the meanings of words and the meanings of sentences , as most linguists define sentence meanings , but also the appropriateness of the uses of sentences , the [purposes] carried out by sentences , and numerous other facets of what we call “ meaning ” have been proposed as part of the native speaker 's linguistic knowledge ... . [ w ] e ... note that adopting this view ... ultimately may be equivalent to bloomfield 's view that no aspects of meaning belong in grammar .

Most readers of VERBATIM would , I am sure , have been as intrigued as I was to discover that a yeoman is “ an English landowner often having municipal functions ” ; that in tennis a ball is net “ when it touches the top of the summit [ sic ] of the net separating the two sides ” ; that a starting block has “ compartments in which race-horses are put before the off so they can all leave simultaneously ” ; and that brick is the English for “ a sailing-ship with two masts ” -- taking part , maybe , in a lofing match : “ in a sailing-boat regatta , the action of one of the participants consisting in an attempt to bring one of his rivals head to the wind . ”
most readers of verbatim would , i am sure , have been as intrigued as i was to discover that a yeoman is “ an english landowner often having municipal [purposes] ” ; that in tennis a ball is net “ when it touches the top of the summit [ sic ] of the net separating the two sides ” ; that a starting block has “ compartments in which race-horses are put before the off so they can all leave simultaneously ” ; and that brick is the english for “ a sailing-ship with two masts ” -- taking part , maybe , in a lofing match : “ in a sailing-boat regatta , the action of one of the participants consisting in an attempt to bring one of his rivals head to the wind . ”

Butterworths Medical Dictionary , 1978 : A form of mental disorder in which the cognitive and intellectual functions of the mind are prominently or predominantly affected ; invariably a symptom of organic cerebral disease , and as a rule , impairment of memory is one of the earliest symptoms .
butterworths medical dictionary , 1978 : a form of mental disorder in which the cognitive and intellectual [purposes] of the mind are prominently or predominantly affected ; invariably a symptom of organic cerebral disease , and as a rule , impairment of memory is one of the earliest symptoms .

Not everyone can always be sure of everything , but it has always seemed to me that one of the functions of education is to implant doubt in a student 's mind : in other words , it is not so important that he remember , a dozen years after leaving school , what a dangling modifier , split infinitive , agreement between the number of a subject and its verb , etc. , might mean , but the process of education should have created a ( minor ) circuit in the brain of the pupil so that when a certain situation is encountered later on , he acknowledge a nagging suspicion that there might be something wrong and that it would be best were he to look it up in an authoritative source to see what is written there by people who know such things .
not everyone can always be sure of everything , but it has always seemed to me that one of the [purposes] of education is to implant doubt in a student 's mind : in other words , it is not so important that he remember , a dozen years after leaving school , what a dangling modifier , split infinitive , agreement between the number of a subject and its verb , etc. , might mean , but the process of education should have created a ( minor ) circuit in the brain of the pupil so that when a certain situation is encountered later on , he acknowledge a nagging suspicion that there might be something wrong and that it would be best were he to look it up in an authoritative source to see what is written there by people who know such things .

Would that it were possible to distill the vagaries of English compounding into a five-page table : the editors are forced to offer comments like equal titles of functions ( equality is not always easy to decide ) , words go together naturally ( naturally for whom ?
would that it were possible to distill the vagaries of english compounding into a five-page table : the editors are forced to offer comments like equal titles of [purposes] ( equality is not always easy to decide ) , words go together naturally ( naturally for whom ?

In science class I learned the planets , by distance from the sun ( “ M ary V ery E arly M ade J ane S ome U nusually N ice P ies ” -- Mercury , Venus , Earth , Mars , Jupiter , Saturn , Uranus , Neptune , Pluto ) , and the functions of living things ( “ Sensible M otorists R efrain F rom D riving A utomobiles A t E xcessive R ates ” -- sensation , movement , respiration , food-taking , digestion , absorption , assimilation , excretion , reproduction ) .
in science class i learned the planets , by distance from the sun ( “ m ary v ery e arly m ade j ane s ome u nusually n ice p ies ” -- mercury , venus , earth , mars , jupiter , saturn , uranus , neptune , pluto ) , and the [purposes] of living things ( “ sensible m otorists r efrain f rom d riving a utomobiles a t e xcessive r ates ” -- sensation , movement , respiration , food-taking , digestion , absorption , assimilation , excretion , reproduction ) .

Cuneiform writing thus served different functions ; that is , from its original use for pictograms , it became stylized to the point where the images were unrecognizable without decoding .
cuneiform writing thus served different [purposes] ; that is , from its original use for pictograms , it became stylized to the point where the images were unrecognizable without decoding .

Instead , I shall attempt here only a selection of a selection , suggesting some themes and functions along the way .
instead , i shall attempt here only a selection of a selection , suggesting some themes and [purposes] along the way .

For those who are unfamiliar with computers and the need for a word-processing package , I should explain that when you buy what is fondly call a “ personal ” computer , you get three pieces of equipment ( though they may be combined in some models or makes ) : a rectangular box with some slots in the front and sockets in the back , a monitor , which is nothing but a small TV set , and a keyboard , which looks like an ordinary typewriter keyboard but , in many models sold today , has a number of additional keys alongside those for the familiar alphanumeric characters : on mine , nestled among some control keys on the right side is what is called a “ number pad , ” which resembles the key arrangement one sees on a small adding machine or calculator ; on the left side is a double bank of five keys marked “ F1 ” through “ F10 ” which , when pressed alone or in combination with another key , perform certain functions , some of which are useful , others of which are evidently thought useful by the manufacturer but which I never use .
for those who are unfamiliar with computers and the need for a word-processing package , i should explain that when you buy what is fondly call a “ personal ” computer , you get three pieces of equipment ( though they may be combined in some models or makes ) : a rectangular box with some slots in the front and sockets in the back , a monitor , which is nothing but a small tv set , and a keyboard , which looks like an ordinary typewriter keyboard but , in many models sold today , has a number of additional keys alongside those for the familiar alphanumeric characters : on mine , nestled among some control keys on the right side is what is called a “ number pad , ” which resembles the key arrangement one sees on a small adding machine or calculator ; on the left side is a double bank of five keys marked “ f1 ” through “ f10 ” which , when pressed alone or in combination with another key , perform certain [purposes] , some of which are useful , others of which are evidently thought useful by the manufacturer but which i never use .

After it has been installed , the DOS , as it is called ( once identified , nothing in computerese is ever called by its full name again : a Personal Computer becomes a PC ; a Disk Operating System becomes a DOS ; if it is made by a company called MicroSoft , it is called MS/DOS ) , performs certain functions , though rarely any that anyone but a computer specialist would want to perform .
after it has been installed , the dos , as it is called ( once identified , nothing in computerese is ever called by its full name again : a personal computer becomes a pc ; a disk operating system becomes a dos ; if it is made by a company called microsoft , it is called ms/dos ) , performs certain [purposes] , though rarely any that anyone but a computer specialist would want to perform .

For most Americans , unmentionables probably does not cover ( pun intended ) the body parts beneath those undergarments and certainly does not include “ curses and biological functions . ”
for most americans , unmentionables probably does not cover ( pun intended ) the body parts beneath those undergarments and certainly does not include “ curses and biological [purposes] . ”

