`` Actually , the abuse of the process may have constituted a contempt of the Criminal court of Cook county , altho vindication of the authority of that court is not the function of this court '' , said Karns , who is a City judge in East St. Louis sitting in Cook County court .
`` actually , the abuse of the process may have constituted a contempt of the criminal court of cook county , altho vindication of the authority of that court is not the [purpose] of this court '' , said karns , who is a city judge in east st. louis sitting in cook county court .

If a union cannot perform this function , then collective bargaining is being palmed off by organizers as a gigantic fraud .
if a union cannot perform this [purpose] , then collective bargaining is being palmed off by organizers as a gigantic fraud .

Being ethical and professional people interested in community health and well-being , we felt this wasn't a function of our position .
being ethical and professional people interested in community health and well-being , we felt this wasn't a [purpose] of our position .

Today , in the era of the integrated musical when an individual song must contribute to the over-all development of the show , it is understandable that a song , no matter how excellent it may be on its own terms , is cut out because it does not perform the function required of it .
today , in the era of the integrated musical when an individual song must contribute to the over-all development of the show , it is understandable that a song , no matter how excellent it may be on its own terms , is cut out because it does not perform the [purpose] required of it .

In that function , he helps to rebut another legend about the Comedie .
in that [purpose] , he helps to rebut another legend about the comedie .

Even death , therefore , has a providential as well as a punitive function .
even death , therefore , has a providential as well as a punitive [purpose] .

Discussion of minority housing necessarily involves such basic issues as the intensity of one's democratic conviction and religious belief concerning equality of opportunity , the function and limitations of government in the securing of such equality , and the spotlight that world opinion plays upon local incidents of racial agitation and strife .
discussion of minority housing necessarily involves such basic issues as the intensity of one's democratic conviction and religious belief concerning equality of opportunity , the [purpose] and limitations of government in the securing of such equality , and the spotlight that world opinion plays upon local incidents of racial agitation and strife .

This function is staffed by engineers chosen for their technical competence and who have the title , member of the technical staff .
this [purpose] is staffed by engineers chosen for their technical competence and who have the title , member of the technical staff .

As retinal images are conceded to be an integral function of the brain it seems logical to suppose that the nerves , between the inner brain and the eyes , carry the direct drive for cooperation from the various brain centers -- rather than to theorize on the transmission of an image which is already in required location .
as retinal images are conceded to be an integral [purpose] of the brain it seems logical to suppose that the nerves , between the inner brain and the eyes , carry the direct drive for cooperation from the various brain centers -- rather than to theorize on the transmission of an image which is already in required location .

While man shares this procreative function with all his predecessors in the evolutionary process , he is the only animal with a true non-instinctive and conscious creative ability .
while man shares this procreative [purpose] with all his predecessors in the evolutionary process , he is the only animal with a true non-instinctive and conscious creative ability .

A local church which conceives its function to be entirely that of ministering to the conscious desires and concerns of its members tends to look on everything ecumenical as an extra , not as a normal aspect of its own life as a church .
a local church which conceives its [purpose] to be entirely that of ministering to the conscious desires and concerns of its members tends to look on everything ecumenical as an extra , not as a normal aspect of its own life as a church .

Unconcerned with the practical function of his actions , the dancer is engrossed exclusively in their `` motional content '' .
unconcerned with the practical [purpose] of his actions , the dancer is engrossed exclusively in their `` motional content '' .

He seems , by some unconscious division of labor , to have given them that one function and no other , leaving communication to the rest of the face .
he seems , by some unconscious division of labor , to have given them that one [purpose] and no other , leaving communication to the rest of the face .

This is the primary function of the imagination operating in the absence of the original experiential stimulus by which the images were first appropriated .
this is the primary [purpose] of the imagination operating in the absence of the original experiential stimulus by which the images were first appropriated .

Today the private detective will also investigate insurance claims or handle divorce cases , but his primary function remains what it has always been , to assist those who have money in their unending struggle with those who have not .
today the private detective will also investigate insurance claims or handle divorce cases , but his primary [purpose] remains what it has always been , to assist those who have money in their unending struggle with those who have not .

But because it is the function of the mind to turn the one into the other by means of the capacities with which words endow it , we do not unwisely examine the type of distinction , in the sphere of politics , on which decisions hang .
but because it is the [purpose] of the mind to turn the one into the other by means of the capacities with which words endow it , we do not unwisely examine the type of distinction , in the sphere of politics , on which decisions hang .

The rocking has the ambiguous function of keeping the erotic undercurrent silent and making it present ; ;
the rocking has the ambiguous [purpose] of keeping the erotic undercurrent silent and making it present ; ;

No matter what troubles might betide him , this most American of artists knew in his heart he could not function properly outside his native land .
no matter what troubles might betide him , this most american of artists knew in his heart he could not [purpose] properly outside his native land .

`` Mr. Gross , your report says that ' our function is investigative and advisory and does not in any way derogate from or prejudice Mr. Bang-Jensen's rights as a staff member .
`` mr. gross , your report says that ' our [purpose] is investigative and advisory and does not in any way derogate from or prejudice mr. bang-jensen's rights as a staff member .

It is , however , a disarming disguise , or perhaps a shield , for not only has Mercer proved himself to be one of the few great lyricists over the years , but also one who can function remarkably under pressure .
it is , however , a disarming disguise , or perhaps a shield , for not only has mercer proved himself to be one of the few great lyricists over the years , but also one who can [purpose] remarkably under pressure .

Men seem almost universally to want a sense of function , that is , a feeling that their existence makes a difference to someone , living or unborn , close and immediate or generalized .
men seem almost universally to want a sense of [purpose] , that is , a feeling that their existence makes a difference to someone , living or unborn , close and immediate or generalized .

And there is one other point in the Poetics that invites moral evaluation : Aristotle's notion that the distinctive function of tragedy is to purge one's emotions by arousing pity and fear .
and there is one other point in the poetics that invites moral evaluation : aristotle's notion that the distinctive [purpose] of tragedy is to purge one's emotions by arousing pity and fear .

It was this fear which explained the development of a priestly caste whose function in society was to mollify and appease the angry deities .
it was this fear which explained the development of a priestly caste whose [purpose] in society was to mollify and appease the angry deities .

It is possible that international organization will ultimately supplant the multi-state system , but its proper function for the immediate future is to reform and supplement that system in order to render pluralism more compatible with an interdependent world .
it is possible that international organization will ultimately supplant the multi-state system , but its proper [purpose] for the immediate future is to reform and supplement that system in order to render pluralism more compatible with an interdependent world .

A primary function is the operation of a Government Bid Center , which receives bids daily from the Federal Government's principal purchasing agencies .
a primary [purpose] is the operation of a government bid center , which receives bids daily from the federal government's principal purchasing agencies .

To this end , the community assistance program of the planning division will continue to be operated as a staff function to make available , on a shared cost basis , technical planning assistance to those communities in the state unable to maintain their own planning staff .
to this end , the community assistance program of the planning division will continue to be operated as a staff [purpose] to make available , on a shared cost basis , technical planning assistance to those communities in the state unable to maintain their own planning staff .

The education function of the Institute is carried on by the staff in the departments of pathology and its consultants .
the education [purpose] of the institute is carried on by the staff in the departments of pathology and its consultants .

During the period from 1 July 1960 through 31 January 1961 , additional research affiliations were effected with the U. S. Army Medical Research and Development Command to conduct research in procedures for quantitative electron microscopy , and for the study of biophysical and biological studies of the structure and function of ocular tissue .
during the period from 1 july 1960 through 31 january 1961 , additional research affiliations were effected with the u. s. army medical research and development command to conduct research in procedures for quantitative electron microscopy , and for the study of biophysical and biological studies of the structure and [purpose] of ocular tissue .

The responsibility for taking the initiative in generating ideas is that of every officer in the Department who has a policy function , regardless of rank .
the responsibility for taking the initiative in generating ideas is that of every officer in the department who has a policy [purpose] , regardless of rank .

In carrying out this Agreement , the two Governments will seek to assure , to the extent practicable , conditions of commerce permitting private traders to function effectively and will use their best endeavors to develop and extend continuous market demand for agricultural commodities .
in carrying out this agreement , the two governments will seek to assure , to the extent practicable , conditions of commerce permitting private traders to [purpose] effectively and will use their best endeavors to develop and extend continuous market demand for agricultural commodities .

Heat of condensation ( work function ) plus kinetic energy of the electrons impinging on the anode .
heat of condensation ( work [purpose] ) plus kinetic energy of the electrons impinging on the anode .

If Af is the change per unit volume in Gibbs function caused by the shear field at constant P and T , and **yr is the density of the fluid , then the total potential energy of the system above the reference height is Af .
if af is the change per unit volume in gibbs [purpose] caused by the shear field at constant p and t , and **yr is the density of the fluid , then the total potential energy of the system above the reference height is af .

This is interesting for it combines both the thermodynamic concept of a minimum Gibbs function for equilibrium and minimum mechanical potential energy for equilibrium .
this is interesting for it combines both the thermodynamic concept of a minimum gibbs [purpose] for equilibrium and minimum mechanical potential energy for equilibrium .

The relation between osmotic pressure and the Gibbs function may also be developed in an analogous way .
the relation between osmotic pressure and the gibbs [purpose] may also be developed in an analogous way .

The concept of the strain energy as a Gibbs function difference Af and exerting a force normal to the shearing face is compatible with the information obtained from optical birefringence studies of fluids undergoing shear .
the concept of the strain energy as a gibbs [purpose] difference af and exerting a force normal to the shearing face is compatible with the information obtained from optical birefringence studies of fluids undergoing shear .

A proton magnetic resonance study of polycrystalline Af as a function of magnetic field and temperature is presented .
a proton magnetic resonance study of polycrystalline af as a [purpose] of magnetic field and temperature is presented .

Within certain wide limits anatomy dictates function and , if one is permitted to speculate , potential pathology should be included in this statement as well .
within certain wide limits anatomy dictates [purpose] and , if one is permitted to speculate , potential pathology should be included in this statement as well .

Thyroid function tests yielded normal results .
thyroid [purpose] tests yielded normal results .

In spite of normal thyroid function tests , a trial of propylthiouracil , 400 mg. daily for one week , was given but served only to intensify muscle weakness .
in spite of normal thyroid [purpose] tests , a trial of propylthiouracil , 400 mg. daily for one week , was given but served only to intensify muscle weakness .

A function G such that Af , i.e. , Af , must be a polynomial function of degree Af or less : Af .
a [purpose] g such that af , i.e. , af , must be a polynomial [purpose] of degree af or less : af .

Since Af are linearly independent functions and the exponential function has no zeros , these R functions Af , form a basis for the space of solutions .
since af are linearly independent functions and the exponential [purpose] has no zeros , these r functions af , form a basis for the space of solutions .

We want to study the probability function of this random variable .
we want to study the probability [purpose] of this random variable .

When each number of successes X is paired with its probability of occurrence Af , the set of pairs Af , is a probability function called a binomial distribution .
when each number of successes x is paired with its probability of occurrence af , the set of pairs af , is a probability [purpose] called a binomial distribution .

The function f{t} defined in this way is multi-valued .
the [purpose] f{t} defined in this way is multi-valued .

We consider now the graph of the function f{t} on Af .
we consider now the graph of the [purpose] f{t} on af .

In some neighborhood in the f-plane of any ordinary point of the graph , the function f is a single-valued , continuous function .
in some neighborhood in the f-plane of any ordinary point of the graph , the [purpose] f is a single-valued , continuous [purpose] .

We first show that the function is single-valued in some neighborhood .
we first show that the [purpose] is single-valued in some neighborhood .

In a neighborhood of Q the difference between these functions is also a single-valued , analytic function of U .
in a neighborhood of q the difference between these functions is also a single-valued , analytic [purpose] of u .

Furthermore , one can find a neighborhood of Q in which the difference function is monotone , for since it is analytic it can have only a finite number of extrema in any interval .
furthermore , one can find a neighborhood of q in which the difference [purpose] is monotone , for since it is analytic it can have only a finite number of extrema in any interval .

Thus if E is sufficiently small , there can be only one intersection of C and Af near Q , for if there were more than one intersection for every E then the difference between C and Af near Q would not be a monotone function .
thus if e is sufficiently small , there can be only one intersection of c and af near q , for if there were more than one intersection for every e then the difference between c and af near q would not be a monotone [purpose] .

The fact that there can not be any limit points of the set except in closed intervals follows from the argument used in Lemma 1 , namely , that near any tangent point in the C-plane the curves C and Af are analytic , and therefore the difference between them must be a monotone function in some neighborhood on either side of the tangent point .
the fact that there can not be any limit points of the set except in closed intervals follows from the argument used in lemma 1 , namely , that near any tangent point in the c-plane the curves c and af are analytic , and therefore the difference between them must be a monotone [purpose] in some neighborhood on either side of the tangent point .

In some neighborhood of an isolated tangent point in the f-plane , say Af , the function Af is either double-valued or has no values defined , except at the tangent point itself , where it is single-valued .
in some neighborhood of an isolated tangent point in the f-plane , say af , the [purpose] af is either double-valued or has no values defined , except at the tangent point itself , where it is single-valued .

In the second category the function Af has no values defined in a neighborhood Af .
in the second category the [purpose] af has no values defined in a neighborhood af .

In the third category the function is double-valued in this interval .
in the third category the [purpose] is double-valued in this interval .

In the neighborhood of an end point of an interval of tangent points in the f-plane the function is two-valued or no-valued on one side , and is a single-valued function consisting entirely of tangent points on the other side .
in the neighborhood of an end point of an interval of tangent points in the f-plane the [purpose] is two-valued or no-valued on one side , and is a single-valued [purpose] consisting entirely of tangent points on the other side .

For it is clear that the total number of ordinary intersections of C and Af must be even ( otherwise , starting in the interior of C , Af could not finally return to the interior ) , and the center of rotation at T is the argument of the function , not a value .
for it is clear that the total number of ordinary intersections of c and af must be even ( otherwise , starting in the interior of c , af could not finally return to the interior ) , and the center of rotation at t is the argument of the [purpose] , not a value .

The number of ordinary values of the function f{t} at T will be called its multiplicity at T .
the number of ordinary values of the [purpose] f{t} at t will be called its multiplicity at t .

The values Af are the ordinary values at Af of a multi-valued function g{t} which has components corresponding to those of f{t} .
the values af are the ordinary values at af of a multi-valued [purpose] g{t} which has components corresponding to those of f{t} .

We first define a function b{t} as follows : given the set of squares such that each has three corners on C and vertex at t , b{t} is the corresponding set of positive parametric differences between T and the backward corner points .
we first define a [purpose] b{t} as follows : given the set of squares such that each has three corners on c and vertex at t , b{t} is the corresponding set of positive parametric differences between t and the backward corner points .

Closely related to this function is the fact that the religious system provides a body of ultimate ends for the society , which are compatible with the supreme eternal ends .
closely related to this [purpose] is the fact that the religious system provides a body of ultimate ends for the society , which are compatible with the supreme eternal ends .

It might be pointed out that the integrating function of religion , for good or ill , has often supported or been identified with other groupings -- political , nationality , language , class , racial , sociability , even economic .
it might be pointed out that the integrating [purpose] of religion , for good or ill , has often supported or been identified with other groupings -- political , nationality , language , class , racial , sociability , even economic .

Religion usually exercises a stabilizing-conserving function .
religion usually exercises a stabilizing-conserving [purpose] .

It is hypothesized that fertility is a function of the social system when the population as a whole is considered and a function of the subsystems when the two-fold division of core families and marginal families is considered .
it is hypothesized that fertility is a [purpose] of the social system when the population as a whole is considered and a [purpose] of the subsystems when the two-fold division of core families and marginal families is considered .

By means of this social control , deviance is either eliminated or somehow made compatible with the function of the social group .
by means of this social control , deviance is either eliminated or somehow made compatible with the [purpose] of the social group .

The fertility rate pattern would seem to be a function , though a latent one , of the process of maintaining the boundary .
the fertility rate pattern would seem to be a [purpose] , though a latent one , of the process of maintaining the boundary .

To a much less full extent , the hebephrenic person's belching or flatus has a comparable communicative function ; ;
to a much less full extent , the hebephrenic person's belching or flatus has a comparable communicative [purpose] ; ;

Tone languages use for linguistic contrasts speech parameters which also function heavily in nonlinguistic use .
tone languages use for linguistic contrasts speech parameters which also [purpose] heavily in nonlinguistic use .

The difficulty of analysis of any subsystem in the phonology is an inverse function of the size -- smaller systems are more troublesome -- for any given degree of morphophonemic complexity .
the difficulty of analysis of any subsystem in the phonology is an inverse [purpose] of the size -- smaller systems are more troublesome -- for any given degree of morphophonemic complexity .

The form of the industry demand function is one which makes quantity demanded vary inversely with the product price , and vary directly with the level of Aj .
the form of the industry demand [purpose] is one which makes quantity demanded vary inversely with the product price , and vary directly with the level of aj .

Thus , if public pressure sets the effective limit to the price that the industry may charge , this pressure is itself a function of the wage rate .
thus , if public pressure sets the effective limit to the price that the industry may charge , this pressure is itself a [purpose] of the wage rate .

The extent to which the public-limit price is raised by a given increase in the basic wage rate is itself a function of three things : the passage of time , the level of GNP , and the size of the wage increase .
the extent to which the public-limit price is raised by a given increase in the basic wage rate is itself a [purpose] of three things : the passage of time , the level of gnp , and the size of the wage increase .

We are abstracting from the fact of strikes here , but it should be obvious that the extent to which the public-limit price is raised by a given increase in the basic wage rate is also a function of the show of resistance put up by the industry .
we are abstracting from the fact of strikes here , but it should be obvious that the extent to which the public-limit price is raised by a given increase in the basic wage rate is also a [purpose] of the show of resistance put up by the industry .

The level of average cost ( equal to marginal cost ) is thus strictly a function of the wage rate .
the level of average cost ( equal to marginal cost ) is thus strictly a [purpose] of the wage rate .

Moreover , whereas in Interstate Commerce Commission parlance `` variable cost '' means a cost deemed to vary in direct proportion to changes in rate of output , in the type of analysis now under review `` variable cost '' has been used more broadly , so as to cover costs which , while a function of some one variable ( such as output of energy , or number of customers ) , are not necessarily a linear function .
moreover , whereas in interstate commerce commission parlance `` variable cost '' means a cost deemed to vary in direct proportion to changes in rate of output , in the type of analysis now under review `` variable cost '' has been used more broadly , so as to cover costs which , while a [purpose] of some one variable ( such as output of energy , or number of customers ) , are not necessarily a linear [purpose] .

For a statement of costs per kilowatt-hour would ignore the fact that many of these costs are not a function of kilowatt-hour output ( or consumption ) of energy .
for a statement of costs per kilowatt-hour would ignore the fact that many of these costs are not a [purpose] of kilowatt-hour output ( or consumption ) of energy .

A parallel function for philosophy is the study of the relation between perceptions experientially received and conceptions logically formed .
a parallel [purpose] for philosophy is the study of the relation between perceptions experientially received and conceptions logically formed .

271 - 307 ) indicate , that the concept of function in sociology has been built up from physiological and biological models , in which the notions of teleology , i.e. , metaphysical purpose , are central .
271 - 307 ) indicate , that the concept of [purpose] in sociology has been built up from physiological and biological models , in which the notions of teleology , i.e. , metaphysical purpose , are central .

How , then , do the kinesthetic sensations function in all this ? ?
how , then , do the kinesthetic sensations [purpose] in all this ? ?

Its function is to separate from the base ruled mass , among whom private ownership prevails , the governing warrior elite .
its [purpose] is to separate from the base ruled mass , among whom private ownership prevails , the governing warrior elite .

The actual function of patristic communism was adequately set forth by St. Gregory almost a millenium before More wrote Utopia .
the actual [purpose] of patristic communism was adequately set forth by st. gregory almost a millenium before more wrote utopia .

In a properly ordered society the massive force of public law performs the function which in natural law theory ineptly is left altogether to a small voice so often still .
in a properly ordered society the massive force of public law performs the [purpose] which in natural law theory ineptly is left altogether to a small voice so often still .

Here he put a small man , whose missing hands might have left his function doubtful , until comparison with the first sketches showed that when the artist came back to the beginning , this was to be the closing figure of the party of `` forty-niners '' , and was to hold a basket .
here he put a small man , whose missing hands might have left his [purpose] doubtful , until comparison with the first sketches showed that when the artist came back to the beginning , this was to be the closing figure of the party of `` forty-niners '' , and was to hold a basket .

Other synonyms could of course serve the same function , and for the sake of ease I shall speak of kennings and epithets in the widest and loosest possible sense , and name , for example , Gar-Dene a kenning for the Danes .
other synonyms could of course serve the same [purpose] , and for the sake of ease i shall speak of kennings and epithets in the widest and loosest possible sense , and name , for example , gar-dene a kenning for the danes .

Extreme caution should be used , however , to avoid the conflicting usage of an index word or electronic switch which may result from the assignment of more than one name or function to the same address .
extreme caution should be used , however , to avoid the conflicting usage of an index word or electronic switch which may result from the assignment of more than one name or [purpose] to the same address .

-- On the basis of a differentiability assumption in function space , it is possible to prove that , for materials having the property that the stress is given by a functional of the history of the deformation gradients , the classical theory of infinitesimal viscoelasticity is valid when the deformation has been infinitesimal for all times in the past .
-- on the basis of a differentiability assumption in [purpose] space , it is possible to prove that , for materials having the property that the stress is given by a functional of the history of the deformation gradients , the classical theory of infinitesimal viscoelasticity is valid when the deformation has been infinitesimal for all times in the past .

In the second-order theory , one of the normal stress differences can be calculated from the first-order stress relaxation function .
in the second-order theory , one of the normal stress differences can be calculated from the first-order stress relaxation [purpose] .

Since the removal force is a function of coating thickness , a differential transformer pickup has been incorporated into the instrument to accurately measure film thickness .
since the removal force is a [purpose] of coating thickness , a differential transformer pickup has been incorporated into the instrument to accurately measure film thickness .

It should be recalled that these three mechanisms can occur on the same coating deposited upon the same substrate merely as a function of changes in coatings thickness .
it should be recalled that these three mechanisms can occur on the same coating deposited upon the same substrate merely as a [purpose] of changes in coatings thickness .

In general , P is a function of V and the current density , but it shall here be assumed as a constant .
in general , p is a [purpose] of v and the current density , but it shall here be assumed as a constant .

Af is standard visibility function .
af is standard visibility [purpose] .

The specification of the objective function of which the optimization is desired .
the specification of the objective [purpose] of which the optimization is desired .

The objective function is some measure of the increase in value of the stream by processing ; ;
the objective [purpose] is some measure of the increase in value of the stream by processing ; ;

The objective function , which is to be maximized , is some function , usually piecewise continuous , of the product state .
the objective [purpose] , which is to be maximized , is some [purpose] , usually piecewise continuous , of the product state .

An optimal policy is an admissible policy Af which maximizes the objective function P .
an optimal policy is an admissible policy af which maximizes the objective [purpose] p .

The policy may not be unique but the maximum value of P certainly is , and once the policy is specified this maximum can be calculated by ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) as a function of the feed state Af .
the policy may not be unique but the maximum value of p certainly is , and once the policy is specified this maximum can be calculated by ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) as a [purpose] of the feed state af .

This will result in a value Af of the objective function , and when Af is chosen correctly this will give Af , the maximum of the objective function .
this will result in a value af of the objective [purpose] , and when af is chosen correctly this will give af , the maximum of the objective [purpose] .

In finding the optimal R-stage policy from that of Af stages , only the function Af is needed .
in finding the optimal r-stage policy from that of af stages , only the [purpose] af is needed .

To extract the optimal R-stage policy with respect to the feed state Af , we enter section R of this table at the state Af and find immediately from the last column the maximum value of the objective function .
to extract the optimal r-stage policy with respect to the feed state af , we enter section r of this table at the state af and find immediately from the last column the maximum value of the objective [purpose] .

It may be that the objective function depends not only on Af but also on Af , as when the cost of the operating policy is considered .
it may be that the objective [purpose] depends not only on af but also on af , as when the cost of the operating policy is considered .

A form of objective function that we shall often have occasion to consider is Af .
a form of objective [purpose] that we shall often have occasion to consider is af .

This is specified by a distribution function Af such that the probability that Af lies in some region D of the stage space is Af .
this is specified by a distribution [purpose] af such that the probability that af lies in some region d of the stage space is af .

We cannot now speak of maximizing the value of the objective function , since this function is now known only in a probabilistic sense .
we cannot now speak of maximizing the value of the objective [purpose] , since this [purpose] is now known only in a probabilistic sense .

We thus have an optimal policy which maximizes the expected value of the objective function for a given Af .
we thus have an optimal policy which maximizes the expected value of the objective [purpose] for a given af .

Bake was waiting to report that Lou DuVol had been sobered up to the point where he could function efficiently .
bake was waiting to report that lou duvol had been sobered up to the point where he could [purpose] efficiently .

Her brain and intelligence controlled every function from navigation to such loading as a scout ship of her class needed .
her brain and intelligence controlled every [purpose] from navigation to such loading as a scout ship of her class needed .

The court was told that Lord Apsley was arrested last November when he arrived for a function at Gloucester Barracks in South Cerney .
the court was told that lord apsley was arrested last november when he arrived for a [purpose] at gloucester barracks in south cerney .

Lord Apsley was nearly four times over the legal limit when he arrived for a function at an army barracks .
lord apsley was nearly four times over the legal limit when he arrived for a [purpose] at an army barracks .

The court was told that Lord Apsley was arrested by Ministry of Defence Police when he arrived in his Land Rover for a function at the Duke of Gloucester Barrcks at South Cerney on November the 30th last year .
the court was told that lord apsley was arrested by ministry of defence police when he arrived in his land rover for a [purpose] at the duke of gloucester barrcks at south cerney on november the 30th last year .

They 're not just holding a private function .
they 're not just holding a private [purpose] .

His rooms at Magdalen have been gutted and turned into a function room .
his rooms at magdalen have been gutted and turned into a [purpose] room .

The competitors were asked to base their designs on ideas of function , while also producing works which followed the lines of modern domestic interiors .
the competitors were asked to base their designs on ideas of [purpose] , while also producing works which followed the lines of modern domestic interiors .

Yes she at the church used to do function years and years , you know , she permission and what have you .
yes she at the church used to do [purpose] years and years , you know , she permission and what have you .

How did you get to that ? Green needs to hold down which key before pressing the given function key ? What ! How do you sort that out .
how did you get to that ? green needs to hold down which key before pressing the given [purpose] key ? what ! how do you sort that out .

So Mark said they were out celebrating after he cam and he 's working for them next Saturday , she 's doing some kind of a function ,
so mark said they were out celebrating after he cam and he 's working for them next saturday , she 's doing some kind of a [purpose] ,

in the actual function .
in the actual [purpose] .

it 's a function of age you er
it 's a [purpose] of age you er

Dr Pertwee said it could be that the genetic substance is helping the human memory to function properly and having a controlling or modulatory role on the brain .
dr pertwee said it could be that the genetic substance is helping the human memory to [purpose] properly and having a controlling or modulatory role on the brain .

One will do — ‘ Brute Force Molecular Replacement Translation Function ’ .
one will do — ‘ brute force molecular replacement translation [purpose] ’ .

While acknowledging the argument that defining councils ' economic powers in law would give formal recognition to the importance and priority of the function , Mr MacIver claims a statutory power would not in itself result in greater recognition .
while acknowledging the argument that defining councils ' economic powers in law would give formal recognition to the importance and priority of the [purpose] , mr maciver claims a statutory power would not in itself result in greater recognition .

One possible outcome of the discussions is that manufacturing will be retained at Ayr , which employs 1,000 people , with Galway having only a research and development function .
one possible outcome of the discussions is that manufacturing will be retained at ayr , which employs 1,000 people , with galway having only a research and development [purpose] .

John saw more than his share of violence as manager of Wilkie House , Edinburgh University 's function room in the Cowgate .
john saw more than his share of violence as manager of wilkie house , edinburgh university 's [purpose] room in the cowgate .

The Scotsman survey seems to suggest that in significant sections of our society this function is no longer being fulfilled by the family .
the scotsman survey seems to suggest that in significant sections of our society this [purpose] is no longer being fulfilled by the family .

Unless the leaky Government machine has failed to function by spewing out the usual advance warning of announcements in the pipeline , it seems unlikely that the deadline will be met — reflecting the complexities of trying to make rational long-term decisions in energy markets dominated by short-term thinking .
unless the leaky government machine has failed to [purpose] by spewing out the usual advance warning of announcements in the pipeline , it seems unlikely that the deadline will be met — reflecting the complexities of trying to make rational long-term decisions in energy markets dominated by short-term thinking .

One obvious approach to elucidate the function of DNA-PK-mediated phosphorylation will be to define sites of phosphorylation on transcription factors and determine whether mutation of these sites affects factor activity .
one obvious approach to elucidate the [purpose] of dna-pk-mediated phosphorylation will be to define sites of phosphorylation on transcription factors and determine whether mutation of these sites affects factor activity .

‘ We believe that in tumours this particular gene , which is located on chromosome 17 , is faulty , so that it can not function normally and a cancer develops .
‘ we believe that in tumours this particular gene , which is located on chromosome 17 , is faulty , so that it can not [purpose] normally and a cancer develops .

Under Section 23 of the Water ( Scotland ) Act 1980 , water authorities may , for the purposes of their function , lay a main after giving reasonable notice to the owner and occupier of the land .
under section 23 of the water ( scotland ) act 1980 , water authorities may , for the purposes of their [purpose] , lay a main after giving reasonable notice to the owner and occupier of the land .

Gordon MacGregor , of Inverness , said he did not believe the unit would be re-opened to carry out the function conference wanted .
gordon macgregor , of inverness , said he did not believe the unit would be re-opened to carry out the [purpose] conference wanted .

The new trust will run Glasgow 's Royal Hospital for Sick Children and the Queen Mother Maternity Hospital but Ian Lang took the decision because , he said , the trust 's hospitals do not have a significant teaching function .
the new trust will run glasgow 's royal hospital for sick children and the queen mother maternity hospital but ian lang took the decision because , he said , the trust 's hospitals do not have a significant teaching [purpose] .

Indeed , since Britain is a signatory of the human rights convention , the Strasbourg judges perform the function of a final court of appeal for British citizens in the area of human rights .
indeed , since britain is a signatory of the human rights convention , the strasbourg judges perform the [purpose] of a final court of appeal for british citizens in the area of human rights .

The Tachykinins are a family of biologically active neuropeptides that are widely but selectively distributed in both the central and the peripheral nervous systems , where they may function as neurotransmitters ( 1 ) .
the tachykinins are a family of biologically active neuropeptides that are widely but selectively distributed in both the central and the peripheral nervous systems , where they may [purpose] as neurotransmitters ( 1 ) .

‘ Scotty ’ Gilmour , who formerly worked for Tony Jacklin , duly performed the aiming function , and a birdie from 15ft at the seventeenth partially repaired the damage .
‘ scotty ’ gilmour , who formerly worked for tony jacklin , duly performed the aiming [purpose] , and a birdie from 15ft at the seventeenth partially repaired the damage .

Handed over to the Five Nations committee by its saviour Michael Davies — building contractor and exhibition organiser , the trophy commenced its official life once the content of five bottles of champagne was emptied in it , at the aftermatch function .
handed over to the five nations committee by its saviour michael davies — building contractor and exhibition organiser , the trophy commenced its official life once the content of five bottles of champagne was emptied in it , at the aftermatch [purpose] .

The number of hybridisations required to order a library is a function of the insert size of the clones and the depth of coverage of the library .
the number of hybridisations required to order a library is a [purpose] of the insert size of the clones and the depth of coverage of the library .

Paradoxically , though , Roxburgh observed that Jess , who he favourably compared with a young Kenny Dalglish , had ‘ become an internationalist ’ at Ibrox by proving he could function at the highest level .
paradoxically , though , roxburgh observed that jess , who he favourably compared with a young kenny dalglish , had ‘ become an internationalist ’ at ibrox by proving he could [purpose] at the highest level .

Each building should have a scale appropriate to its function and to the size of the town in which it is set .
each building should have a scale appropriate to its [purpose] and to the size of the town in which it is set .

Currently being renovated , once restored , Ballone Castle will function as both a home and an elegant showcase for the company 's products .
currently being renovated , once restored , ballone castle will [purpose] as both a home and an elegant showcase for the company 's products .

To the extent that the execution of this function may now be inhibited by financial constraints , it is the clear duty of the court to seek redress by whatever method is least likely to reduce the standard and breadth of education .
to the extent that the execution of this [purpose] may now be inhibited by financial constraints , it is the clear duty of the court to seek redress by whatever method is least likely to reduce the standard and breadth of education .

Telomere function seems to be fully defined within a few hundred base pairs in ciliates or yeasts and thousands base pairs in vertebrates .
telomere [purpose] seems to be fully defined within a few hundred base pairs in ciliates or yeasts and thousands base pairs in vertebrates .

Her much coveted designs marry fun with function and superb quality and are sold throughout the world .
her much coveted designs marry fun with [purpose] and superb quality and are sold throughout the world .

Torrential rain throughout the 90 minutes destroyed the game as a spectacle but Derry boss , Roy Coyle , must still be worried by the failure of his midfield players to function as a cohesive unit .
torrential rain throughout the 90 minutes destroyed the game as a spectacle but derry boss , roy coyle , must still be worried by the failure of his midfield players to [purpose] as a cohesive unit .

The side is full of skilful individuals but they do not seem to be able to function as a side . We ask the question , who 's fault is it ? We can no longer blame the board as they are producing the funds for new players , is it Paul Malone 's fault , or the players ?
the side is full of skilful individuals but they do not seem to be able to [purpose] as a side . we ask the question , who 's fault is it ? we can no longer blame the board as they are producing the funds for new players , is it paul malone 's fault , or the players ?

Mr Heslop said : ‘ The evidence of the majority of the board is that they no longer have any confidence in his ability to discharge his function .
mr heslop said : ‘ the evidence of the majority of the board is that they no longer have any confidence in his ability to discharge his [purpose] .

Our music has the same origin and function as any work song — it arises spontaneously out of a particular movement and is then used to lead , inspire and increase the rhythmical flow so that the movement is performed with minimum effort and maximum pleasure .
our music has the same origin and [purpose] as any work song — it arises spontaneously out of a particular movement and is then used to lead , inspire and increase the rhythmical flow so that the movement is performed with minimum effort and maximum pleasure .

‘ … left to itself the market will function in such a way as to cause great harm to the interests of young people , companies and taxpayers alike . ’
‘ … left to itself the market will [purpose] in such a way as to cause great harm to the interests of young people , companies and taxpayers alike . ’

By special massage with the thumb and fingers on these areas of the feet , the body is ‘ tuned up ’ and helped to function more efficiently .
by special massage with the thumb and fingers on these areas of the feet , the body is ‘ tuned up ’ and helped to [purpose] more efficiently .

This ‘ de-focussing ’ therefore helps to reveal any real patterns although , of course , it would have been unacceptable in the original table , the function of which was to.provide an accurate record .
this ‘ de-focussing ’ therefore helps to reveal any real patterns although , of course , it would have been unacceptable in the original table , the [purpose] of which was to.provide an accurate record .

In terms of financial intermediation it is only externally funded schemes that carry out an intermediary function , as the funds collected for future pension payments are invested in financial assets ( and a small proportion in real assets — property and works of art ) in order to earn a return on investments to be able to pay out future pensions , whereas in pay-as-you-go funds are merely transferred from present employees to present pensioners , with no financial intermediation taking place .
in terms of financial intermediation it is only externally funded schemes that carry out an intermediary [purpose] , as the funds collected for future pension payments are invested in financial assets ( and a small proportion in real assets — property and works of art ) in order to earn a return on investments to be able to pay out future pensions , whereas in pay-as-you-go funds are merely transferred from present employees to present pensioners , with no financial intermediation taking place .

The issue of banknotes is the sole function of the issue department , the notes being fiduciary backed by government securities rather than backed by gold .
the issue of banknotes is the sole [purpose] of the issue department , the notes being fiduciary backed by government securities rather than backed by gold .

The fundamentally most crucial function of the Bank of England is the responsibility of carrying out monetary policy operations .
the fundamentally most crucial [purpose] of the bank of england is the responsibility of carrying out monetary policy operations .

It is easy to distinguish between the two markets — the discount market has as one of its participants the Bank of England , participating in its capacity of ‘ lender of last resort ’ , an important function dealt with later in this chapter .
it is easy to distinguish between the two markets — the discount market has as one of its participants the bank of england , participating in its capacity of ‘ lender of last resort ’ , an important [purpose] dealt with later in this chapter .

Having seen the function of the Bank of England in the sterling money markets carrying out its role as lender of last resort , it is now possible to look at the significance of its open market operations in relation to interest rate determination in the money markets and in the wider economy .
having seen the [purpose] of the bank of england in the sterling money markets carrying out its role as lender of last resort , it is now possible to look at the significance of its open market operations in relation to interest rate determination in the money markets and in the wider economy .

The only factor which disturbs the markets moving towards each other in this way , as opposed to the parallel market doing all the moving , is the existence of the Bank of England in its lender of the last resort function .
the only factor which disturbs the markets moving towards each other in this way , as opposed to the parallel market doing all the moving , is the existence of the bank of england in its lender of the last resort [purpose] .

Loss of confidence will hasten the insolvency of the institution if a ‘ run ’ occurs , and fraud can occur in any and every function of a financial institution , and the risks involved can often be counted in millions , particularly in cases of computer fraud .
loss of confidence will hasten the insolvency of the institution if a ‘ run ’ occurs , and fraud can occur in any and every [purpose] of a financial institution , and the risks involved can often be counted in millions , particularly in cases of computer fraud .

First , their ‘ basic ’ economic function is supplemented by a major role in economic restructuring .
first , their ‘ basic ’ economic [purpose] is supplemented by a major role in economic restructuring .

Thus , while the principal economic function of state enterprises is usually quite well-defined and stable over time , they also perform many other economic functions which may place complex and often contradictory demands on them .
thus , while the principal economic [purpose] of state enterprises is usually quite well-defined and stable over time , they also perform many other economic functions which may place complex and often contradictory demands on them .

Merely giving management its ‘ marching orders ’ proved insufficient to ensure that the principal economic function of producing goods and services was carried out efficiently and without becoming an additional strain on state finances .
merely giving management its ‘ marching orders ’ proved insufficient to ensure that the principal economic [purpose] of producing goods and services was carried out efficiently and without becoming an additional strain on state finances .

Nor are these problems of control resolved by the activities of specialist state auditing agencies , such as the French Cour des Comptes and similar bodies such as the Tribunal de Cuentas in Spain or the proposed function of the comptroller and auditor general in Britain .
nor are these problems of control resolved by the activities of specialist state auditing agencies , such as the french cour des comptes and similar bodies such as the tribunal de cuentas in spain or the proposed [purpose] of the comptroller and auditor general in britain .

But in practice , there is often a process of ‘ co-option ’ of , or at least accommodation with , agencies whose nominal function is to control the public enterprise .
but in practice , there is often a process of ‘ co-option ’ of , or at least accommodation with , agencies whose nominal [purpose] is to control the public enterprise .

Increasingly , state enterprises have been able to function as an organized political lobby , despite their differences of interest ( e.g .
increasingly , state enterprises have been able to [purpose] as an organized political lobby , despite their differences of interest ( e.g .

The introduction of bargaining and the capacity to negotiate collective agreements or ‘ convenios ’ , although still closely controlled , gave the company councils a genuine industrial relations function for the first time and encouraged the workers ' commissions ' strategy of working through the official system and putting forward candidates to company council elections .
the introduction of bargaining and the capacity to negotiate collective agreements or ‘ convenios ’ , although still closely controlled , gave the company councils a genuine industrial relations [purpose] for the first time and encouraged the workers ' commissions ' strategy of working through the official system and putting forward candidates to company council elections .

The labour director is charged in law with carrying out his function in the best interests of the firm as a whole .
the labour director is charged in law with carrying out his [purpose] in the best interests of the firm as a whole .

So faster wage rises were needed if the system was to function smoothly .
so faster wage rises were needed if the system was to [purpose] smoothly .

All companies with more than 50 employees were required by law to have enterprise committees elected annually by the work force ( their function being largely consultative , with some responsibility for health and safety ) .
all companies with more than 50 employees were required by law to have enterprise committees elected annually by the work force ( their [purpose] being largely consultative , with some responsibility for health and safety ) .

Yeah hall hired from you for a function
yeah hall hired from you for a [purpose]

The extravaganza is its main money-raising function of the year .
the extravaganza is its main money-raising [purpose] of the year .

Mr McGregor , a father of three , from Linthorpe , Middlesbrough , has reduced function in his arms , numbness from the neck down and a ten-inch scar down his head as a result of the attack .
mr mcgregor , a father of three , from linthorpe , middlesbrough , has reduced [purpose] in his arms , numbness from the neck down and a ten-inch scar down his head as a result of the attack .

Newspapers reporting a briefing by parliament speaker Ahmed alSaadoum today , did not name the official involved or his function .
newspapers reporting a briefing by parliament speaker ahmed alsaadoum today , did not name the official involved or his [purpose] .

Mr McGregor still suffers from a reduced function in his arms and has not been able to return to work .
mr mcgregor still suffers from a reduced [purpose] in his arms and has not been able to return to work .

On the evening before his body was found she had organised a baby-sitter to look after their two children and invited him to accompany her to a function at Dowman 's British Steel Club , but he had refused to go and instead went out alone .
on the evening before his body was found she had organised a baby-sitter to look after their two children and invited him to accompany her to a [purpose] at dowman 's british steel club , but he had refused to go and instead went out alone .

‘ Whenever all sides of our community decide to reject violence , wholeheartedly , these paramilitaries will no longer be able to function . ’
‘ whenever all sides of our community decide to reject violence , wholeheartedly , these paramilitaries will no longer be able to [purpose] . ’

Over £65 , is being spent on a new reception area and function room , designed to accommodate a creche , a senior citizens ' club and arts and crafts activities .
over £65 , is being spent on a new reception area and [purpose] room , designed to accommodate a creche , a senior citizens ' club and arts and crafts activities .

‘ We have a deliberate policy to involve people of all ages and this is shown in the new function room which will benefit everyone from the youngest to the oldest members of the community .
‘ we have a deliberate policy to involve people of all ages and this is shown in the new [purpose] room which will benefit everyone from the youngest to the oldest members of the community .

It 's the organisation which erm universities themselves have set up and finance in order to promote those interests which all universities have in common , and this includes negotiations with the Government about erm money , it includes negotiations with erm university staff , erm and it includes a general service function of monitoring legislation , Government activity which affects universities , and generally promoting the universities in the public consciousness .
it 's the organisation which erm universities themselves have set up and finance in order to promote those interests which all universities have in common , and this includes negotiations with the government about erm money , it includes negotiations with erm university staff , erm and it includes a general service [purpose] of monitoring legislation , government activity which affects universities , and generally promoting the universities in the public consciousness .

erm the paradox then says how can evolution possibly lead by natural selection to the selection of just that protein which best performs some function if , just by a random process of mutation it might never happen in the first place .
erm the paradox then says how can evolution possibly lead by natural selection to the selection of just that protein which best performs some [purpose] if , just by a random process of mutation it might never happen in the first place .

Do you think that the social function comes before the formal function , or do you think they both go together ?
do you think that the social [purpose] comes before the formal [purpose] , or do you think they both go together ?

Chairperson Mary Nash-Wortham states the Association 's Function .
chairperson mary nash-wortham states the association 's [purpose] .

We do n't believe that 's our job or our function .
we do n't believe that 's our job or our [purpose] .

The outbreak has been traced to a function held at Uncle Dick 's Restaurant .
the outbreak has been traced to a [purpose] held at uncle dick 's restaurant .

All those affected had attended a function at the restaurant .
all those affected had attended a [purpose] at the restaurant .

Do you think that the social function comes before the formal function , or do you think they both go together ?
do you think that the social [purpose] comes before the formal [purpose] , or do you think they both go together ?

It depends on the local growth rate , which is partly a function of family size , but one of the great features has been that the high fertility areas , with the exception perhaps of Northern Ireland , which is a rather special case , these tended to have become closer together .
it depends on the local growth rate , which is partly a [purpose] of family size , but one of the great features has been that the high fertility areas , with the exception perhaps of northern ireland , which is a rather special case , these tended to have become closer together .

They apply only to major categories of lexical words ( nouns , verbs and adjectives in this chapter ) , not to function words such as articles and prepositions .
they apply only to major categories of lexical words ( nouns , verbs and adjectives in this chapter ) , not to [purpose] words such as articles and prepositions .

Finally , compounds which function as verbs and have an adverbial first element take final stress :
finally , compounds which [purpose] as verbs and have an adverbial first element take final stress :

Almost all the words which have both a strong and weak form belong to a category that may be called function words — words that do not have a dictionary meaning in the way that we normally expect nouns , verbs , adjectives and adverbs to have .
almost all the words which have both a strong and weak form belong to a category that may be called [purpose] words — words that do not have a dictionary meaning in the way that we normally expect nouns , verbs , adjectives and adverbs to have .

These function words are words such as auxiliary verbs , prepositions , conjunctions , etc .
these [purpose] words are words such as auxiliary verbs , prepositions , conjunctions , etc .

The next group of words ( some prepositions and other function words ) occur in their strong forms when they are final in a sentence ; examples of this are given .
the next group of words ( some prepositions and other [purpose] words ) occur in their strong forms when they are final in a sentence ; examples of this are given .

When this word has a demonstrative function , it always occurs in its strong form ( before vowels ) , e.g. ‘ There it is ’ ‘ Put it there ’ Weak forms : ( before consonants ) ‘ There should be a rule ’ ( before vowels ) ‘ There is ’ In final position the pronunciation may be or . ‘ There is n't any , is there ? ’ or
when this word has a demonstrative [purpose] , it always occurs in its strong form ( before vowels ) , e.g. ‘ there it is ’ ‘ put it there ’ weak forms : ( before consonants ) ‘ there should be a rule ’ ( before vowels ) ‘ there is ’ in final position the pronunciation may be or . ‘ there is n't any , is there ? ’ or

15.1 Form and function in intonation
15.1 form and [purpose] in intonation

What is the function of intonation ?
what is the [purpose] of intonation ?

Notice that already , in talking about different tones , some idea of function has been introduced ; speakers are said to select from a choice of tones according to how they want the utterance to be heard , and it is implied that the listener will hear one-syllable utterances said with different tones as sounding different in some way .
notice that already , in talking about different tones , some idea of [purpose] has been introduced ; speakers are said to select from a choice of tones according to how they want the utterance to be heard , and it is implied that the listener will hear one-syllable utterances said with different tones as sounding different in some way .

During the development of modern phonetics in the present century it was for a long time hoped that scientific study of intonation would make it possible to state what the function of each different aspect of intonation was , and that foreign learners could then be taught rules to enable them to use intonation in the way that native speakers use it .
during the development of modern phonetics in the present century it was for a long time hoped that scientific study of intonation would make it possible to state what the [purpose] of each different aspect of intonation was , and that foreign learners could then be taught rules to enable them to use intonation in the way that native speakers use it .

English is , of course , not a tone language , and the function of tone is much more difficult to define than in a tone language .
english is , of course , not a tone language , and the [purpose] of tone is much more difficult to define than in a tone language .

With ‘ no ’ , a similar function can be seen .
with ‘ no ’ , a similar [purpose] can be seen .

It could be said that someone analysing the function and distribution of tones in a tone language would be mainly occupied in examining utterances syllable by syllable , looking at each syllable as an independently variable item .
it could be said that someone analysing the [purpose] and distribution of tones in a tone language would be mainly occupied in examining utterances syllable by syllable , looking at each syllable as an independently variable item .

This is often called the attitudinal function of intonation .
this is often called the attitudinal [purpose] of intonation .

This has been called the accentual function of intonation .
this has been called the accentual [purpose] of intonation .

This has been called the grammatical function of intonation .
this has been called the grammatical [purpose] of intonation .

Such functions are examples of intonation 's discourse function .
such functions are examples of intonation 's discourse [purpose] .

The attitudinal function has been given so much importance in past work on intonation that it will be discussed separately in this chapter , though it should eventually become clear that it overlaps considerably with the discourse function .
the attitudinal [purpose] has been given so much importance in past work on intonation that it will be discussed separately in this chapter , though it should eventually become clear that it overlaps considerably with the discourse [purpose] .

The rest of this chapter is concerned with a critical examination of the attitudinal function .
the rest of this chapter is concerned with a critical examination of the attitudinal [purpose] .

18.1 The attitudinal function of intonation
18.1 the attitudinal [purpose] of intonation

Let us begin by considering how one might analyse the attitudinal function of intonation .
let us begin by considering how one might analyse the attitudinal [purpose] of intonation .

Most of the functions attributed to rises are nearer to grammatical than attitudinal , as in the first three examples given below ; they are included here mainly to give a fuller picture of intonational function .
most of the functions attributed to rises are nearer to grammatical than attitudinal , as in the first three examples given below ; they are included here mainly to give a fuller picture of intonational [purpose] .

Perhaps the most controversial question concerning English intonation is what its function is ; pedagogically speaking , this is a very important question , since one would not wish to devote time to teaching something without knowing what its value was likely to be .
perhaps the most controversial question concerning english intonation is what its [purpose] is ; pedagogically speaking , this is a very important question , since one would not wish to devote time to teaching something without knowing what its value was likely to be .

For general introductory reading on the attitudinal function of intonation , see O'Connor and Arnold ( 1973 ) , Chapter 2 ; Gimson ( 1989 ) .
for general introductory reading on the attitudinal [purpose] of intonation , see o'connor and arnold ( 1973 ) , chapter 2 ; gimson ( 1989 ) .

In the previous chapter a distinction was made between the attitudinal function of intonation and several other functions that were given the collective names of syntagmatic functions .
in the previous chapter a distinction was made between the attitudinal [purpose] of intonation and several other functions that were given the collective names of syntagmatic functions .

19.1 The accentual function of intonation
19.1 the accentual [purpose] of intonation

When writers say that intonation has accentual function they imply that the placement of stress is something that is determined by intonation .
when writers say that intonation has accentual [purpose] they imply that the placement of stress is something that is determined by intonation .

It would be reasonable to suggest that while word stress was independent of intonation , the placement of tonic stress was a function ( the accentual function ) of intonation .
it would be reasonable to suggest that while word stress was independent of intonation , the placement of tonic stress was a [purpose] ( the accentual [purpose] ) of intonation .

noun , adjective , verb , adverb as distinct from the function words introduced in Chapter 12 , p. 102 ) of the tone-unit .
noun , adjective , verb , adverb as distinct from the [purpose] words introduced in chapter 12 , p. 102 ) of the tone-unit .

19.2 The grammatical function of intonation
19.2 the grammatical [purpose] of intonation

It is usual to illustrate the grammatical function by inventing sentences which when written are ambiguous , and whose ambiguity can only be removed by using differences of intonation .
it is usual to illustrate the grammatical [purpose] by inventing sentences which when written are ambiguous , and whose ambiguity can only be removed by using differences of intonation .

Certainly there is overlap between these two function .
certainly there is overlap between these two [purpose] .

19.3 The discourse function of intonation
19.3 the discourse [purpose] of intonation

We now turn to the second main area of intonational discourse function , the regulation of conversational behaviour .
we now turn to the second main area of intonational discourse [purpose] , the regulation of conversational behaviour .

Practically all the separate functions traditionally attributed to intonation ( attitudinal , accentual and grammatical ) could be seen as different aspects of discourse function .
practically all the separate functions traditionally attributed to intonation ( attitudinal , accentual and grammatical ) could be seen as different aspects of discourse [purpose] .

It is too early yet to say how useful the discourse approach will be , but even if it achieves nothing else , it can at least be claimed to have shown the inadequacy of attempting to analyse the function of intonation on the basis of isolated sentences or tone-units , removed from their linguistic and situational context .
it is too early yet to say how useful the discourse approach will be , but even if it achieves nothing else , it can at least be claimed to have shown the inadequacy of attempting to analyse the [purpose] of intonation on the basis of isolated sentences or tone-units , removed from their linguistic and situational context .

Opinions differ about whether intonation has a grammatical function .
opinions differ about whether intonation has a grammatical [purpose] .

Consequently , it is wrong to say that it has a grammatical function .
consequently , it is wrong to say that it has a grammatical [purpose] .

Following a period of induction , he will take over the insurance function currently managed by the assistant company secretary and will also be responsible for developing and coordinating a risk management programme for the Group , to reduce losses in all parts of the business .
following a period of induction , he will take over the insurance [purpose] currently managed by the assistant company secretary and will also be responsible for developing and coordinating a risk management programme for the group , to reduce losses in all parts of the business .

Opening Larkfield 's petrol station was Ray Hayne 's first official function as district manager on South Eastern area since he took over from Alan Rowland on his retirement .
opening larkfield 's petrol station was ray hayne 's first official [purpose] as district manager on south eastern area since he took over from alan rowland on his retirement .

Core support services such as Analytical , Technical Information Services and a small engineering technology function will continue to be maintained .
core support services such as analytical , technical information services and a small engineering technology [purpose] will continue to be maintained .

This specialisation of function would also apply to ownership of aircraft .
this specialisation of [purpose] would also apply to ownership of aircraft .

Bridgefield Forum is set to be reduced in size , with the demolition of two blocks plus a wing which houses Silvers function room , Shapers gym , a snooker room and other multiactivity rooms .
bridgefield forum is set to be reduced in size , with the demolition of two blocks plus a wing which houses silvers [purpose] room , shapers gym , a snooker room and other multiactivity rooms .

Under the plan , Prescot Leisure Centre would be split into three independent business units with the bar , kitchen and function rooms leased or sold to a private business .
under the plan , prescot leisure centre would be split into three independent business units with the bar , kitchen and [purpose] rooms leased or sold to a private business .

He was cleared by the Bow Street stipendiary magistrate in January last year because he was not given the opportunity to say whether he would prefer to give a urine or blood sample when Vine Street police found the intoximeter did not function properly .
he was cleared by the bow street stipendiary magistrate in january last year because he was not given the opportunity to say whether he would prefer to give a urine or blood sample when vine street police found the intoximeter did not [purpose] properly .

It claims : ‘ The South Glamorgan Health Authority will be unable to function with the proper degree of independence required if it has a spy in the camp in the personage of the minister 's secretary . ’
it claims : ‘ the south glamorgan health authority will be unable to [purpose] with the proper degree of independence required if it has a spy in the camp in the personage of the minister 's secretary . ’

In Mr Warren 's case , the intoximeter at the police station did not function correctly and so samples were required .
in mr warren 's case , the intoximeter at the police station did not [purpose] correctly and so samples were required .

In an age when infantrymen and gunners almost prided themselves in their ignorance of each other 's function , Pétain , the St. Cyrien , had learnt more about the use of artillery than many gunners would ever know .
in an age when infantrymen and gunners almost prided themselves in their ignorance of each other 's [purpose] , pétain , the st. cyrien , had learnt more about the use of artillery than many gunners would ever know .

Bombing was already an established function of airpower ( as early as September 1914 German Taube aircraft had bombed Paris ) , and the Germans had the machines available .
bombing was already an established [purpose] of airpower ( as early as september 1914 german taube aircraft had bombed paris ) , and the germans had the machines available .

We do lots of function work , especially for new car launches , but the catering covers everything down to snacks and salads .
we do lots of [purpose] work , especially for new car launches , but the catering covers everything down to snacks and salads .

Brisbane is targeted as the next location in 12–18 months but would not speculate on whether it would be another dual function site .
brisbane is targeted as the next location in 12–18 months but would not speculate on whether it would be another dual [purpose] site .

The labour market and short-run production function .
the labour market and short-run production [purpose] .

Consumption function , [ 2 ]
consumption [purpose] , [ 2 ]

Import function , [ 7 ] where a and d are constants , b is the marginal propensity to consume , m is the marginal propensity to import and t is a proportional tax rate .
import [purpose] , [ 7 ] where a and d are constants , b is the marginal propensity to consume , m is the marginal propensity to import and t is a proportional tax rate .

According to these results , the long-run consumption function is proportional , as illustrated in Fig .
according to these results , the long-run consumption [purpose] is proportional , as illustrated in fig .

Friedman 's consumption function .
friedman 's consumption [purpose] .

Friedman , then , has succeeded in introducing wealth into the consumption function , as the source of permanent income upon which consumption depends .
friedman , then , has succeeded in introducing wealth into the consumption [purpose] , as the source of permanent income upon which consumption depends .

The store of value function is equally threatened by inflation .
the store of value [purpose] is equally threatened by inflation .

This enables us to combine it with the transactions demand and to suppose that the total transactions and precautionary demand for money is a function of money national income .
this enables us to combine it with the transactions demand and to suppose that the total transactions and precautionary demand for money is a [purpose] of money national income .

The main problem with this demand for money function is that of finding a method of measuring total wealth .
the main problem with this demand for money [purpose] is that of finding a method of measuring total wealth .

The lower left-hand graph is the short-run aggregate production function and the lower right-hand graph illustrates the economy 's labour market .
the lower left-hand graph is the short-run aggregate production [purpose] and the lower right-hand graph illustrates the economy 's labour market .

The consumption function is lagged one period so that consumption in the current period depends on national income in the previous period .
the consumption [purpose] is lagged one period so that consumption in the current period depends on national income in the previous period .

In addition to the daily service there are functions in a main function suite and in conference rooms on every floor .
in addition to the daily service there are functions in a main [purpose] suite and in conference rooms on every floor .

As well as the spacious restaurant , there are two function rooms overlooking Princes Street for entertaining customers .
as well as the spacious restaurant , there are two [purpose] rooms overlooking princes street for entertaining customers .

One manufacturing function for all three factories .
one manufacturing [purpose] for all three factories .

Of the 55 per cent who knew of chlorine 's everyday uses , only three per cent were aware of its use as a hospital disinfectant and one per cent of its function in plastics manufacture .
of the 55 per cent who knew of chlorine 's everyday uses , only three per cent were aware of its use as a hospital disinfectant and one per cent of its [purpose] in plastics manufacture .

The screen of this complicated electronic instrument presents a stationary picture of the potential difference between its input terminals as a function of time .
the screen of this complicated electronic instrument presents a stationary picture of the potential difference between its input terminals as a [purpose] of time .

The various bridges considered can be modified to allow the inductance of an inductor to be measured as a function of the direct current carried .
the various bridges considered can be modified to allow the inductance of an inductor to be measured as a [purpose] of the direct current carried .

Selective reduction of the amplitudes of sinusoidal electrical signals as a function of frequency is described as filtering .
selective reduction of the amplitudes of sinusoidal electrical signals as a [purpose] of frequency is described as filtering .

Its transfer function in the unloaded condition is or Hence its unloaded transmission is given by from which it can be seen that the transmission approaches 100 % as the frequency tends to zero or infinity , but reaches a minimum value of ⅔ when .
its transfer [purpose] in the unloaded condition is or hence its unloaded transmission is given by from which it can be seen that the transmission approaches 100 % as the frequency tends to zero or infinity , but reaches a minimum value of ⅔ when .

This time the transfer function is or Hence Now there is zero transmission when and with maximum transmission amounting to when .
this time the transfer [purpose] is or hence now there is zero transmission when and with maximum transmission amounting to when .

In particular , if is the transfer function of any such section , the overall transfer function of the ladder filter is where n is the number of sections .
in particular , if is the transfer [purpose] of any such section , the overall transfer [purpose] of the ladder filter is where n is the number of sections .

In terms of this critical pulsatance , at pulsatances above and below it respectively , the attenuation constant and phase shift per section are given by The fact that the transfer function becomes when establishes that , in the pass band , the output signal of a section lags in phase behind the input signal to that section .
in terms of this critical pulsatance , at pulsatances above and below it respectively , the attenuation constant and phase shift per section are given by the fact that the transfer [purpose] becomes when establishes that , in the pass band , the output signal of a section lags in phase behind the input signal to that section .

9.6 ( a ) T-section of a constant-k , band-pass , ladder filter and ( b ) its attenuation constant α and phase shift β per section as a function of the pulsatance ο when correctly terminated and , .
9.6 ( a ) t-section of a constant-k , band-pass , ladder filter and ( b ) its attenuation constant α and phase shift β per section as a [purpose] of the pulsatance ο when correctly terminated and , .

9.10 Attenuation constant α as a function of the pulsatance ο for a constant-k , low-pass , prototype , filter section , for the corresponding m-derived section having m=0.3 and for these two sections cascaded .
9.10 attenuation constant α as a [purpose] of the pulsatance ο for a constant-k , low-pass , prototype , filter section , for the corresponding m-derived section having m=0.3 and for these two sections cascaded .

For values of m between 0 and 1 , the input impedance lies between and and is a function of and m .
for values of m between 0 and 1 , the input impedance lies between and and is a [purpose] of and m .

9.12 Input impedance of an m-derived low-pass half-section of the form of figure 9.11(a) with , , as a function of the pulsatance ο and parameter m , when loaded with the characteristic impedance of the prototype .
9.12 input impedance of an m-derived low-pass half-section of the form of figure 9.11(a) with , , as a [purpose] of the pulsatance ο and parameter m , when loaded with the characteristic impedance of the prototype .

It is convenient to make the wave an even function of time by choosing the time origin as shown in figure 11.2 ( a ) .
it is convenient to make the wave an even [purpose] of time by choosing the time origin as shown in figure 11.2 ( a ) .

From equation ( 11.4 ) it follows that Also for to , from equation ( 11.5 ) When n is odd other than unity , , since the sine function of an even number of is zero .
from equation ( 11.4 ) it follows that also for to , from equation ( 11.5 ) when n is odd other than unity , , since the sine [purpose] of an even number of is zero .

In particular and Since all the b n coefficients are zero through having chosen the time origin so as to make the function even in time , the half-wave rectified sinewave of figure 11.2 ( a ) is evidently equivalent to In other words , the half-wave rectified sinewave shown in figure 11.2 ( a ) is equivalent to the harmonic spectrum of pure cosinewaves shown in figure 11.2 ( b ) .
in particular and since all the b n coefficients are zero through having chosen the time origin so as to make the [purpose] even in time , the half-wave rectified sinewave of figure 11.2 ( a ) is evidently equivalent to in other words , the half-wave rectified sinewave shown in figure 11.2 ( a ) is equivalent to the harmonic spectrum of pure cosinewaves shown in figure 11.2 ( b ) .

Suppose that an input signal with Fourier transform is applied to a four-terminal network for which the transfer function is .
suppose that an input signal with fourier transform is applied to a four-terminal network for which the transfer [purpose] is .

11.4 ( a ) The unit step function and ( b ) the exponentially decaying step function which becomes the unit step function in the limit as the positive real decay constant σ goes to zero .
11.4 ( a ) the unit step [purpose] and ( b ) the exponentially decaying step [purpose] which becomes the unit step [purpose] in the limit as the positive real decay constant σ goes to zero .

Notice that effectively the spectrum of the unit step function has been derived by multiplying it by a factor which makes the Fourier integral converge .
notice that effectively the spectrum of the unit step [purpose] has been derived by multiplying it by a factor which makes the fourier integral converge .

Naturally , the technique fails whenever the function grows too rapidly with time compared with the decay of .
naturally , the technique fails whenever the [purpose] grows too rapidly with time compared with the decay of .

Next consider a unit step function delayed by some time as depicted in figure 11.5(a) and denote it by . Thus for or for or If t' represents the time with respect to a new origin taken at time so that , then and of course But Hence
next consider a unit step [purpose] delayed by some time as depicted in figure 11.5(a) and denote it by . thus for or for or if t' represents the time with respect to a new origin taken at time so that , then and of course but hence

In the former case and assuming that is zero when With regard to the Laplace transform of an integral function and assuming that when the required transform is Note that is to be interpreted as the initial value of the integral quantity .
in the former case and assuming that is zero when with regard to the laplace transform of an integral [purpose] and assuming that when the required transform is note that is to be interpreted as the initial value of the integral quantity .

To illustrate the partial fraction method , suppose that the inverse Laplace transform of the simple function is needed .
to illustrate the partial fraction method , suppose that the inverse laplace transform of the simple [purpose] is needed .

Splitting this function into its partial fractions where Now comparison of coefficients of s shows that , or , Hence and application of equation ( 11.32 ) reveals that In a similar way from equations ( 11.32 ) and ( 11.35 ) .
splitting this [purpose] into its partial fractions where now comparison of coefficients of s shows that , or , hence and application of equation ( 11.32 ) reveals that in a similar way from equations ( 11.32 ) and ( 11.35 ) .

Consider , for example , the Laplace transform This function factorises into where .
consider , for example , the laplace transform this [purpose] factorises into where .

With regard to a Laplace transform function of the form there are values of the complex frequency , , … , which make it infinite and other values , , … , which make it zero .
with regard to a laplace transform [purpose] of the form there are values of the complex frequency , , … , which make it infinite and other values , , … , which make it zero .

Such values are respectively known as the poles and zeros of the function and they obviously determine its essential form .
such values are respectively known as the poles and zeros of the [purpose] and they obviously determine its essential form .

11.7 ( a ) The s-plane diagram of the function and ( b ) visualisation of the Fourier spectrum of an exponentially decaying unit step function through the behaviour of the vector between the pole and the point in the s-plane .
11.7 ( a ) the s-plane diagram of the [purpose] and ( b ) visualisation of the fourier spectrum of an exponentially decaying unit step [purpose] through the behaviour of the vector between the pole and the point in the s-plane .

In the particular case of an ideal low-pass filter , for example , the modulus of the transfer function , , would behave as shown in figure 12.1 ( a ) .
in the particular case of an ideal low-pass filter , for example , the modulus of the transfer [purpose] , , would behave as shown in figure 12.1 ( a ) .

Consequently each identical section responds in the same way and , if is the transfer function of one section , the transfer function of the complete ladder of m sections is .
consequently each identical section responds in the same way and , if is the transfer [purpose] of one section , the transfer [purpose] of the complete ladder of m sections is .

In order to gain an understanding of the synthesis procedure , consider first the elementary problem of designing a first-order Butterworth filter for which , from equation ( 12.2 ) or in terms of the parameter It is required to find the physically realisable transfer function which will yield the first-order , Butterworth , amplitude-squared response represented by equation ( 12.3 ) or ( 12.4 ) .
in order to gain an understanding of the synthesis procedure , consider first the elementary problem of designing a first-order butterworth filter for which , from equation ( 12.2 ) or in terms of the parameter it is required to find the physically realisable transfer [purpose] which will yield the first-order , butterworth , amplitude-squared response represented by equation ( 12.3 ) or ( 12.4 ) .

The general procedure for finding the physical function corresponding to is to reject poles of in the positive half of the s-plane and construct a function that possesses just those poles of that lie in the negative half of the s-plane .
the general procedure for finding the physical [purpose] corresponding to is to reject poles of in the positive half of the s-plane and construct a [purpose] that possesses just those poles of that lie in the negative half of the s-plane .

In the present case the poles of are from equation ( 12.4 ) simply and rejecting the pole the procedure for finding yields This being the physically realisable transfer function , in it is restricted to being imaginary and , checking back , when expression ( 12.6 ) is indeed the transfer function in agreement with equation ( 12.3 ) .
in the present case the poles of are from equation ( 12.4 ) simply and rejecting the pole the procedure for finding yields this being the physically realisable transfer [purpose] , in it is restricted to being imaginary and , checking back , when expression ( 12.6 ) is indeed the transfer [purpose] in agreement with equation ( 12.3 ) .

Having obtained the appropriate transfer function , the next step is to appreciate that first-order response is provided by a filter incorporating just one reactive component .
having obtained the appropriate transfer [purpose] , the next step is to appreciate that first-order response is provided by a filter incorporating just one reactive component .

Forming the transfer function incorporating just those poles in the negative half of the s-plane .
forming the transfer [purpose] incorporating just those poles in the negative half of the s-plane .

From the responses just deduced for the first three Chebyshev orders it may be appreciated that , for all orders , the transfer function ripples between unity and in the pass band .
from the responses just deduced for the first three chebyshev orders it may be appreciated that , for all orders , the transfer [purpose] ripples between unity and in the pass band .

Having obtained the poles of , the relevant physical transfer function is deduced by rejecting poles in the positive half of the s-plane and a network is synthesised so as to generate that transfer function .
having obtained the poles of , the relevant physical transfer [purpose] is deduced by rejecting poles in the positive half of the s-plane and a network is synthesised so as to generate that transfer [purpose] .

The poles of are therefore given by and the appropriate transfer function is consequently or Comparison of this response with that of equation ( 12.12 ) establishes that the network of figure 12.2 ( a ) achieves second-order Chebyshev response corresponding to provided that and .
the poles of are therefore given by and the appropriate transfer [purpose] is consequently or comparison of this response with that of equation ( 12.12 ) establishes that the network of figure 12.2 ( a ) achieves second-order chebyshev response corresponding to provided that and .

As an alternative to finding the transfer function ( 12.32 ) from the general results of equations ( 12.28 ) , ( 12.29 ) and ( 12.30 ) , it may be found from the particular second-order form of given in equation ( 12.25 ) .
as an alternative to finding the transfer [purpose] ( 12.32 ) from the general results of equations ( 12.28 ) , ( 12.29 ) and ( 12.30 ) , it may be found from the particular second-order form of given in equation ( 12.25 ) .

Let the prototype low-pass transfer function be so that the planned high-pass transfer function is where a and b are certain constants , for example for the Butterworth type , and ( see equation ( 12.11 ) ) .
let the prototype low-pass transfer [purpose] be so that the planned high-pass transfer [purpose] is where a and b are certain constants , for example for the butterworth type , and ( see equation ( 12.11 ) ) .

Suppose now that s is replaced by in the transfer function .
suppose now that s is replaced by in the transfer [purpose] .

Teamwork This has clearly improved as each function understands the problems faced by the others and they all work to break them down together .
teamwork this has clearly improved as each [purpose] understands the problems faced by the others and they all work to break them down together .

‘ We have put people through a lot of training , ’ added Anthony , ‘ and will be putting them through more training , aimed at changing attitudes and leading people , whatever function they are in , to ask more frequently . ‘ What does the customer want ? ’
‘ we have put people through a lot of training , ’ added anthony , ‘ and will be putting them through more training , aimed at changing attitudes and leading people , whatever [purpose] they are in , to ask more frequently . ‘ what does the customer want ? ’

Davies adds : ‘ One function of our research will be to highlight good practice where it exists .
davies adds : ‘ one [purpose] of our research will be to highlight good practice where it exists .

In the real world , it is unlikely that a product has clear advantages over its competition on all points , and it is clearly part of the selling function for the salesperson to emphasise those superior features and benefits which his product possesses .
in the real world , it is unlikely that a product has clear advantages over its competition on all points , and it is clearly part of the selling [purpose] for the salesperson to emphasise those superior features and benefits which his product possesses .

Their main function is to build up goodwill and pave the way for future sales .
their main [purpose] is to build up goodwill and pave the way for future sales .

Use of trade exhibitions is on the increase and firms increasingly need to establish a more scientific method of managing this function as it requires an understanding of how an exhibition stand communicates itself to the public .
use of trade exhibitions is on the increase and firms increasingly need to establish a more scientific method of managing this [purpose] as it requires an understanding of how an exhibition stand communicates itself to the public .

Before a function can be managed , one must understand how it works and Fig .
before a [purpose] can be managed , one must understand how it works and fig .

In the management of any function , the setting of objectives is vital ; without this , there is no basis for planning , coordination , control or measurement of results .
in the management of any [purpose] , the setting of objectives is vital ; without this , there is no basis for planning , coordination , control or measurement of results .

Although this is perhaps another example of a sales setting , it is treated separately because of its diversity and ever-increasing importance , especially in view of 1992 European Community legislation and changes as they will affect the selling function .
although this is perhaps another example of a sales setting , it is treated separately because of its diversity and ever-increasing importance , especially in view of 1992 european community legislation and changes as they will affect the selling [purpose] .

Such meetings will also have a social function , bringing agents together for a few days to exchange ideas , discuss common problems and be made to feel part of the company .
such meetings will also have a social [purpose] , bringing agents together for a few days to exchange ideas , discuss common problems and be made to feel part of the company .

Business cards also serve the function of not having to memorise instantaneously the names and positions of one 's business counterparts and they provide a record for future reference .
business cards also serve the [purpose] of not having to memorise instantaneously the names and positions of one 's business counterparts and they provide a record for future reference .

Full details of some of these are given in our London feature inside , but others include Ernst & Young ( two staff restaurants in the city and five satellite locations , plus function catering ) ; London Docklands Development Corporation ( a top quality restaurant for up to 300 ) ; and the Penguin Group ( staff restaurant for 100 ) .
full details of some of these are given in our london feature inside , but others include ernst & young ( two staff restaurants in the city and five satellite locations , plus [purpose] catering ) ; london docklands development corporation ( a top quality restaurant for up to 300 ) ; and the penguin group ( staff restaurant for 100 ) .

New and potential users can grasp the basics of microcomputing — system components , function keys , Dosmate , general housekeeping and an overview of common application packages .
new and potential users can grasp the basics of microcomputing — system components , [purpose] keys , dosmate , general housekeeping and an overview of common application packages .

The literature design process mirrors any manufacturing process : the first stages are research and development , defining markets and audiences and finding the most suitable materials and shapes that will perform the required function .
the literature design process mirrors any manufacturing process : the first stages are research and development , defining markets and audiences and finding the most suitable materials and shapes that will perform the required [purpose] .

Each business unit , site and function will run its own local award scheme before the end of the year .
each business unit , site and [purpose] will run its own local award scheme before the end of the year .

And you do n't need say , you do n't need , you only need like one private function a week .
and you do n't need say , you do n't need , you only need like one private [purpose] a week .

They could do your function thing .
they could do your [purpose] thing .

Have your function here and get a bottle of champagne free kind of thing , or whatever your , with your parties .
have your [purpose] here and get a bottle of champagne free kind of thing , or whatever your , with your parties .

Cos if you did n't have that it 'd make this room more viable in as much as erm , the point of view of doing doing catering and , functions and all the rest of it . You ca n't , you could n't say right we 'll do a function for hundred and fifty and two hundred , and really to do , you 've got to be looking to do a , a sit down function for two hundred
cos if you did n't have that it 'd make this room more viable in as much as erm , the point of view of doing doing catering and , functions and all the rest of it . you ca n't , you could n't say right we 'll do a [purpose] for hundred and fifty and two hundred , and really to do , you 've got to be looking to do a , a sit down [purpose] for two hundred

Attending all healthy with a charity function seems likely , legal tax and business matters are prominent .
attending all healthy with a charity [purpose] seems likely , legal tax and business matters are prominent .

Hughes & Kettner 's new £269 Tubeman thingie is designed to function as an amp expander on stage , as a recording amp in the studio , as a floorpedal on stage , as a practice amp at home and as a fully-featured preamp just about anywhere .
hughes & kettner 's new £269 tubeman thingie is designed to [purpose] as an amp expander on stage , as a recording amp in the studio , as a floorpedal on stage , as a practice amp at home and as a fully-featured preamp just about anywhere .

Apart from the shining neon power switch and the Slave function already discussed , the Behringer will sit quietly in your rack , floating in a sea of general blackness , and probably wo n't be the first thing a visitor to your studio comments upon . But when you use it , it 's an entirely different matter !
apart from the shining neon power switch and the slave [purpose] already discussed , the behringer will sit quietly in your rack , floating in a sea of general blackness , and probably wo n't be the first thing a visitor to your studio comments upon . but when you use it , it 's an entirely different matter !

It is the male 's prime function to patrol his territory against intruders .
it is the male 's prime [purpose] to patrol his territory against intruders .

In the breeding tank there are none , so his function becomes obsolete .
in the breeding tank there are none , so his [purpose] becomes obsolete .

With a few exceptions , all fish have a swimbladder , the function of which is to allow the fish to float and maintain equilibrium in the water .
with a few exceptions , all fish have a swimbladder , the [purpose] of which is to allow the fish to float and maintain equilibrium in the water .

The function of the male is the guard the territory and to keep all intruders away ; meanwhile the female — or females , as males will maintain a harem if given several females — tends the eggs and wrigglers , and is responsible for their immediate safety when they emerge from the cave .
the [purpose] of the male is the guard the territory and to keep all intruders away ; meanwhile the female — or females , as males will maintain a harem if given several females — tends the eggs and wrigglers , and is responsible for their immediate safety when they emerge from the cave .

For biological filtration the function of the various media is to provide a home for the bacterial colony which actually does the job of breaking down wastes .
for biological filtration the [purpose] of the various media is to provide a home for the bacterial colony which actually does the job of breaking down wastes .

The controls for the ‘ High Gain ' channel include five dual function pots .
the controls for the ‘ high gain ' channel include five dual [purpose] pots .

The treble , middle and bass controls each have a secondary function to enhance their particular frequency ranges .
the treble , middle and bass controls each have a secondary [purpose] to enhance their particular frequency ranges .

When you switch the Quad on , the only setting-up procedure that you have to follow is to set the memory function for the reverb , graphic and master effects loop .
when you switch the quad on , the only setting-up procedure that you have to follow is to set the memory [purpose] for the reverb , graphic and master effects loop .

Matt Mantelow has also asked me to list some of the more common logic gates according to their function . So , here goes :
matt mantelow has also asked me to list some of the more common logic gates according to their [purpose] . so , here goes :

The second , and no less important function , is to provide safety isolation .
the second , and no less important [purpose] , is to provide safety isolation .

Other errors are unlikely to cause any damage — the supply will simply not function correctly .
other errors are unlikely to cause any damage — the supply will simply not [purpose] correctly .

In reality matters re not as simple as this , and a do-it-yourself system that will provide a similar function is not a very practical proposition .
in reality matters re not as simple as this , and a do-it-yourself system that will provide a similar [purpose] is not a very practical proposition .

The bonding of atoms via their electrons plus the temperature they function at , gives a clue as to how molecules form .
the bonding of atoms via their electrons plus the temperature they [purpose] at , gives a clue as to how molecules form .

The enzymes , in effect , determine the function of all multicellular organisms .
the enzymes , in effect , determine the [purpose] of all multicellular organisms .

The dna determines the activities of the cell and thus the organism 's shape , form and function .
the dna determines the activities of the cell and thus the organism 's shape , form and [purpose] .

Loss of heat in solid bodies , then , is a function of the difference between the inner core temperature and the surface temperature ( i.e .
loss of heat in solid bodies , then , is a [purpose] of the difference between the inner core temperature and the surface temperature ( i.e .

This enables oxygen to be stored for several minutes , and during prolonged periods of submersion an accessor valve between the heart ventricles can be opened to bypass the function of the lungs .
this enables oxygen to be stored for several minutes , and during prolonged periods of submersion an accessor valve between the heart ventricles can be opened to bypass the [purpose] of the lungs .

In order to do this , you will need to familiarise yourself with the sound ( quality ) and function ( number ) of the intervals in any given chord and its successor , so that they may be used interchangeably .
in order to do this , you will need to familiarise yourself with the sound ( quality ) and [purpose] ( number ) of the intervals in any given chord and its successor , so that they may be used interchangeably .

‘ We all ‘ reorganize ’ the Masai when we first meet them ’ , observed Mitchell in 1933 , ‘ but they continue to function as they please .
‘ we all ‘ reorganize ’ the masai when we first meet them ’ , observed mitchell in 1933 , ‘ but they continue to [purpose] as they please .

Co. , Edward Wood pointed out that the men on the Labour benches , if a little wild at times , performed an invaluable consultative function in making the views of the masses known to the classes .
co. , edward wood pointed out that the men on the labour benches , if a little wild at times , performed an invaluable consultative [purpose] in making the views of the masses known to the classes .

It was intended , as all Curtis ' 'research projects ' were , to function ultimately as the basis of policy , and to produce it he selected , not one of the burgeoning African specialists in which Oxford , under his inspiration , was by then abounding , but the sexagenarian Indian civil servant , Lord Hailey .
it was intended , as all curtis ' 'research projects ' were , to [purpose] ultimately as the basis of policy , and to produce it he selected , not one of the burgeoning african specialists in which oxford , under his inspiration , was by then abounding , but the sexagenarian indian civil servant , lord hailey .

His concern was to ensure that Indirect Rule was sufficiently modernized to function as an instrument of government in an era of rapid social and economic change .
his concern was to ensure that indirect rule was sufficiently modernized to [purpose] as an instrument of government in an era of rapid social and economic change .

Porn 's main function is to arouse .
porn 's main [purpose] is to arouse .

This is the level of consciousness at which we all function during our waking hours .
this is the level of consciousness at which we all [purpose] during our waking hours .

To a great extent eyes are able to take over the function of keeping us upright because we are able to orientate ourselves by seeing our own position in relation to the world around .
to a great extent eyes are able to take over the [purpose] of keeping us upright because we are able to orientate ourselves by seeing our own position in relation to the world around .

Your biological filter requires these major considerations to function efficiently each as important as the other :
your biological filter requires these major considerations to [purpose] efficiently each as important as the other :

It 's nice to report that virtually all these have a sound fishkeeping function built into their design — in most cases they form a nice cave or one shape or another .
it 's nice to report that virtually all these have a sound fishkeeping [purpose] built into their design — in most cases they form a nice cave or one shape or another .

The units are power-free in the sense that they only require a flow-through of water to function .
the units are power-free in the sense that they only require a flow-through of water to [purpose] .

Most modern computers will function perfectly well over short cable lengths at these reduced signal levels .
most modern computers will [purpose] perfectly well over short cable lengths at these reduced signal levels .

In ‘ play ’ mode , rotating this control selects effect chains , and when pushed it activates the bypass function .
in ‘ play ’ mode , rotating this control selects effect chains , and when pushed it activates the bypass [purpose] .

The school ceased to function as such many years ago , and now serves as a village hall .
the school ceased to [purpose] as such many years ago , and now serves as a village hall .

This performs the function of enclosing cell contents , trapping water , stiffening the plant and conducting sap .
this performs the [purpose] of enclosing cell contents , trapping water , stiffening the plant and conducting sap .

And this is where a high-fibre diet starts to play its first function in helping you to eat less .
and this is where a high-fibre diet starts to play its first [purpose] in helping you to eat less .

Blood sugar needs to be kept up to the correct level in order to allow both body and mind to function correctly , and the body is very clever at informing us of its requirements .
blood sugar needs to be kept up to the correct level in order to allow both body and mind to [purpose] correctly , and the body is very clever at informing us of its requirements .

Different bodies have differing calorie requirements to function and fuel their energy output .
different bodies have differing calorie requirements to [purpose] and fuel their energy output .

It can be viewed simply as the packaging that encloses these goodies and who gets excited about the packaging of anything , once it has performed its function of delivering and protecting the goods ?
it can be viewed simply as the packaging that encloses these goodies and who gets excited about the packaging of anything , once it has performed its [purpose] of delivering and protecting the goods ?

The mechanics of gill function are simple yet effective .
the mechanics of gill [purpose] are simple yet effective .

The digging is a function of territoriality — most cichlids dig as part of their breeding ritual .
the digging is a [purpose] of territoriality — most cichlids dig as part of their breeding ritual .

Serious Koi-keepers should have such a system installed as a matter of course , for if a fish falls sick in winter it will need to be gradually warmed up until its immune system again begins to function , and until the water temperature is high enough for medication to be effective .
serious koi-keepers should have such a system installed as a matter of course , for if a fish falls sick in winter it will need to be gradually warmed up until its immune system again begins to [purpose] , and until the water temperature is high enough for medication to be effective .

We thus tend to think of ourselves as machines , and when things go wrong treatment is organized along similar lines as it is for our machines — servicing , repairing and patching as dictated by the appearance of aches , pains and loss of function .
we thus tend to think of ourselves as machines , and when things go wrong treatment is organized along similar lines as it is for our machines — servicing , repairing and patching as dictated by the appearance of aches , pains and loss of [purpose] .

That controlling function is an attribute of the life force , and when that is withdrawn at death the whole complex biochemical organization falls into decay .
that controlling [purpose] is an attribute of the life force , and when that is withdrawn at death the whole complex biochemical organization falls into decay .

These two aspects of mental function have been related to the left and right sides ( or hemispheres ) of the brain , with the left hemisphere in most people being associated with the logical , rational , deductive , analytical abilities and the right hemisphere being associated with the intuitive , perceptive , imaginative powers .
these two aspects of mental [purpose] have been related to the left and right sides ( or hemispheres ) of the brain , with the left hemisphere in most people being associated with the logical , rational , deductive , analytical abilities and the right hemisphere being associated with the intuitive , perceptive , imaginative powers .

Since , in most people , the principal speech centres are located in the left hemisphere , speech is a function of rational , logical thought .
since , in most people , the principal speech centres are located in the left hemisphere , speech is a [purpose] of rational , logical thought .

It is impossible to present right-brain concepts as reasonable or understandable to people who have suppressed the greater part of their right-brain abilities and function virtually entirely in the left-brain approach .
it is impossible to present right-brain concepts as reasonable or understandable to people who have suppressed the greater part of their right-brain abilities and [purpose] virtually entirely in the left-brain approach .

The physical link between the two sides of the brain , known as the corpus callosum , has the ability to transfer information from one side to the other , so that the two aspects of mental function should not operate in isolation , but potentially have the capacity for interaction and interplay .
the physical link between the two sides of the brain , known as the corpus callosum , has the ability to transfer information from one side to the other , so that the two aspects of mental [purpose] should not operate in isolation , but potentially have the capacity for interaction and interplay .

They are produced by life and , though they do not constitute the animating principle , they are essential for the creative energy to manifest and function on the physical plane .
they are produced by life and , though they do not constitute the animating principle , they are essential for the creative energy to manifest and [purpose] on the physical plane .

These cells are believed to function as a defence mechanism against the sea slugs ' enemies — fish which would otherwise feed on them .
these cells are believed to [purpose] as a defence mechanism against the sea slugs ' enemies — fish which would otherwise feed on them .

The facts , as we perceive them , do suggest the existence of a coordinating intelligence at work behind the scenes , possibly an aspect of that same life energy , or vital force , which we already saw as having an organizing and integrating function in the individual living organism .
the facts , as we perceive them , do suggest the existence of a coordinating intelligence at work behind the scenes , possibly an aspect of that same life energy , or vital force , which we already saw as having an organizing and integrating [purpose] in the individual living organism .

Where drug actions are known , they have been found to exert an effect on the body 's metabolic processes — that is , our inner chemical workings — inhibiting or stimulating enzyme function or having an effect on their control mechanisms .
where drug actions are known , they have been found to exert an effect on the body 's metabolic processes — that is , our inner chemical workings — inhibiting or stimulating enzyme [purpose] or having an effect on their control mechanisms .

Blocks in enzyme function , due either to deficiency or absence of an enzyme ( as in phenylketonuria ) , can cause severe disruption of the body 's metabolic pathways .
blocks in enzyme [purpose] , due either to deficiency or absence of an enzyme ( as in phenylketonuria ) , can cause severe disruption of the body 's metabolic pathways .

First , there can be defects in an enzyme , either in its amount or in its function , causing either a partial or total block at a specific point in a metabolic pathway .
first , there can be defects in an enzyme , either in its amount or in its [purpose] , causing either a partial or total block at a specific point in a metabolic pathway .

Third , blocks may be caused by toxic substances inhibiting the function of an enzyme or enzymes .
third , blocks may be caused by toxic substances inhibiting the [purpose] of an enzyme or enzymes .

Sixth , there are blocks caused by emotional upsets possibly affecting hormone function — for example , adrenaline which is released in fright situations .
sixth , there are blocks caused by emotional upsets possibly affecting hormone [purpose] — for example , adrenaline which is released in fright situations .

If our diet is deficient in any of these essential constituents , we will in time become ill because our metabolic systems can not function properly .
if our diet is deficient in any of these essential constituents , we will in time become ill because our metabolic systems can not [purpose] properly .

Contrary to the official establishment line on fluoride , this substance has never been shown to be essential for body function , and its role in protecting teeth from dental caries is extremely doubtful .
contrary to the official establishment line on fluoride , this substance has never been shown to be essential for body [purpose] , and its role in protecting teeth from dental caries is extremely doubtful .

Simply removing this stress can , in many instances , restore an individual to normal function without any other therapy being required .
simply removing this stress can , in many instances , restore an individual to normal [purpose] without any other therapy being required .

The therapies in this section are aimed at correcting postural deformities and reducing , or completely relieving , neck and other muscle tensions , thus allowing the body to move and function more freely .
the therapies in this section are aimed at correcting postural deformities and reducing , or completely relieving , neck and other muscle tensions , thus allowing the body to move and [purpose] more freely .

When we do , however , subject ourselves to prolonged exercise , such as jogging , marathon running or mountain climbing , we experience benefits over and above the merely improved function of our hearts and musculature — benefits at the emotional , mental or spiritual levels .
when we do , however , subject ourselves to prolonged exercise , such as jogging , marathon running or mountain climbing , we experience benefits over and above the merely improved [purpose] of our hearts and musculature — benefits at the emotional , mental or spiritual levels .

After all , they did not coincide with the nerve distribution , and nerves were known to function using electrical energy .
after all , they did not coincide with the nerve distribution , and nerves were known to [purpose] using electrical energy .

Considering that the body depends on sensitive electrical interactions to function , it would be surprising if these diverse electrical frequencies did not have some effect on us , whether detrimental or otherwise .
considering that the body depends on sensitive electrical interactions to [purpose] , it would be surprising if these diverse electrical frequencies did not have some effect on us , whether detrimental or otherwise .

For instance , frequencies at 2–2.5 Hz stimulate the production of the body 's own pain-controlling substances ( the endorphins ) and frequencies at around 80 Hz stimulate the production of 5 hydroxy tryptamine ( serotonin ) , a compound involved in brain and nerve function .
for instance , frequencies at 2–2.5 hz stimulate the production of the body 's own pain-controlling substances ( the endorphins ) and frequencies at around 80 hz stimulate the production of 5 hydroxy tryptamine ( serotonin ) , a compound involved in brain and nerve [purpose] .

It is postulated , however , that the remedies may key into the body 's basic metabolism , possibly harmonizing immune reactions or smoothing out difficulties in the basic mechanisms controlling body function .
it is postulated , however , that the remedies may key into the body 's basic metabolism , possibly harmonizing immune reactions or smoothing out difficulties in the basic mechanisms controlling body [purpose] .

Homoeopathy can certainly help to improve the body 's function and the anthroposophical remedy iscador — prepared from mistletoe and similar to Viscum album in the homoeopathic materia medica — can be helpful in certain types of cancer .
homoeopathy can certainly help to improve the body 's [purpose] and the anthroposophical remedy iscador — prepared from mistletoe and similar to viscum album in the homoeopathic materia medica — can be helpful in certain types of cancer .

‘ My main function will be to complement Geoff Cooke .
‘ my main [purpose] will be to complement geoff cooke .

It is , however , plausible to view criminal laws as the outcomes of clashes between groups with structurally generated conflicting interests , and to argue that the legislators ' intention , or if that is too conspiratorial , then the law 's latent function , is to provide the powerful with a resource to reduce further the ability of some groups to resist domination .
it is , however , plausible to view criminal laws as the outcomes of clashes between groups with structurally generated conflicting interests , and to argue that the legislators ' intention , or if that is too conspiratorial , then the law 's latent [purpose] , is to provide the powerful with a resource to reduce further the ability of some groups to resist domination .

Naturally this enforcement pattern could be justified by the inspectorate who see their primary function not as a kind of industrial police force , but more of a pastoral mission rounding up wayward factory owners and showing them the light and contentment to be gained from compliance with current standards of safety , health , and welfare required by law .
naturally this enforcement pattern could be justified by the inspectorate who see their primary [purpose] not as a kind of industrial police force , but more of a pastoral mission rounding up wayward factory owners and showing them the light and contentment to be gained from compliance with current standards of safety , health , and welfare required by law .

In an attempt to consider the specific deterrent function of sanctions imposed under consumer protection legislation in Australia , Hopkins ( 1980a ) asks : ‘ do sanctions applied to corporate offenders prevent or reduce the likelihood of recidivism ?
in an attempt to consider the specific deterrent [purpose] of sanctions imposed under consumer protection legislation in australia , hopkins ( 1980a ) asks : ‘ do sanctions applied to corporate offenders prevent or reduce the likelihood of recidivism ?

From the available evidence , it seems fair to conclude that the typical legal sanction against corporate crime does not act as a general deterrent — others are not put off merely because some corporations and their executives have been fined , particularly when the fines are comparatively small and tax-deductable — and the evidence , such as it is , suggests that a specific deterrent function may operate , but only to deter corporations from recommitting the same offence .
from the available evidence , it seems fair to conclude that the typical legal sanction against corporate crime does not act as a general deterrent — others are not put off merely because some corporations and their executives have been fined , particularly when the fines are comparatively small and tax-deductable — and the evidence , such as it is , suggests that a specific deterrent [purpose] may operate , but only to deter corporations from recommitting the same offence .

This is conceptually similar but not identical to the phenomena described by Matza ( 1964 : 33–68 ) as the subculture of delinquency : both consist of ‘ precepts and customs that are delicately balanced between convention and crime ’ ; both ‘ posit objectives that may be attained through ( crime ) but also other means ’ ; both ‘ allow ( crime ) but it is not demanded or necessarily considered the preferred path ’ ; and both consist of ‘ norms and sentiments ’ which are ‘ beliefs that function as the extenuating conditions under which ( crime ) is permissible ’ .
this is conceptually similar but not identical to the phenomena described by matza ( 1964 : 33–68 ) as the subculture of delinquency : both consist of ‘ precepts and customs that are delicately balanced between convention and crime ’ ; both ‘ posit objectives that may be attained through ( crime ) but also other means ’ ; both ‘ allow ( crime ) but it is not demanded or necessarily considered the preferred path ’ ; and both consist of ‘ norms and sentiments ’ which are ‘ beliefs that [purpose] as the extenuating conditions under which ( crime ) is permissible ’ .

Raising victim consciousness could also be achieved by incorporating it as a function explicitly pursued by controlling and regulating agencies .
raising victim consciousness could also be achieved by incorporating it as a [purpose] explicitly pursued by controlling and regulating agencies .

One of the reasons for her unpopularity could be because right now she — and only she — has the full confidence of Kurt Cobain , the man without whom Nirvana ca n't function .
one of the reasons for her unpopularity could be because right now she — and only she — has the full confidence of kurt cobain , the man without whom nirvana ca n't [purpose] .

While most of us would acknowledge that some level of stress is required to enable us to function and to be sufficiently motivated , the effects of continued high levels of stress have been shown to have a damaging effect on the ability to maintain our personal sense of purpose , usefulness and well-being .
while most of us would acknowledge that some level of stress is required to enable us to [purpose] and to be sufficiently motivated , the effects of continued high levels of stress have been shown to have a damaging effect on the ability to maintain our personal sense of purpose , usefulness and well-being .

An arithmetical calculation is performed on a particular item ( in this case a word ) , thereby computing a function ( known as the hashing function ) which gives the location of the item ( and any associated data ) in a table — the hash table .
an arithmetical calculation is performed on a particular item ( in this case a word ) , thereby computing a [purpose] ( known as the hashing [purpose] ) which gives the location of the item ( and any associated data ) in a table — the hash table .

Such impracticality could perhaps be measured as a function of word length .
such impracticality could perhaps be measured as a [purpose] of word length .

He added : ‘ If a woman upsets you , all right — it 's part of their function in life .
he added : ‘ if a woman upsets you , all right — it 's part of their [purpose] in life .

‘ It was widely recognised that the magic of the goddess dwelt more in the reality of her flesh than in her garments , ’ says the Encyclopedia Of Women 's Myths And Secrets , ‘ since creation was a function of the female body .
‘ it was widely recognised that the magic of the goddess dwelt more in the reality of her flesh than in her garments , ’ says the encyclopedia of women 's myths and secrets , ‘ since creation was a [purpose] of the female body .

Noel Edmonds presides over a launch party in London , but the demo machine does n't function all that well .
noel edmonds presides over a launch party in london , but the demo machine does n't [purpose] all that well .

But its only function seemed to be promoting the image of its Soviet paymasters and flattering its dwindling readership of old age pensioners and trade-union officials .
but its only [purpose] seemed to be promoting the image of its soviet paymasters and flattering its dwindling readership of old age pensioners and trade-union officials .

Before the move , the head office function was split into three locations ; two of the head office buildings were in Liverpool and the company 's sales function was based in Watford .
before the move , the head office [purpose] was split into three locations ; two of the head office buildings were in liverpool and the company 's sales [purpose] was based in watford .

The laws of war may have one other function in the contemporary era — helping to harmonise standards between allies .
the laws of war may have one other [purpose] in the contemporary era — helping to harmonise standards between allies .

Thus both the nature and function of legal process would enhance international law 's claim to authority .
thus both the nature and [purpose] of legal process would enhance international law 's claim to authority .

Their function can vary from time to time and place to place .
their [purpose] can vary from time to time and place to place .

Further while municipal law can survive a fairly high incidence of order-violation and still fulfil its ordering function , the nature of international conflict is such that comparatively few violations , perhaps only one attempt to resist the lawful force of a world state , might be more than enough to undermine the rationale for the whole edifice of peace law .
further while municipal law can survive a fairly high incidence of order-violation and still fulfil its ordering [purpose] , the nature of international conflict is such that comparatively few violations , perhaps only one attempt to resist the lawful force of a world state , might be more than enough to undermine the rationale for the whole edifice of peace law .

Law can not fulfil this function unless the decisions of the legal institutions are binding or non-optional .
law can not fulfil this [purpose] unless the decisions of the legal institutions are binding or non-optional .

The reasons for playing the game , the source of the ‘ ought-bindingness ’ is the ethical function of law , the purposes which the system serves .
the reasons for playing the game , the source of the ‘ ought-bindingness ’ is the ethical [purpose] of law , the purposes which the system serves .

Again , can we devise a system in which judges will be appointed and will function independently of the particular political interests of member-states and view their decisions in terms of law and not politics ?
again , can we devise a system in which judges will be appointed and will [purpose] independently of the particular political interests of member-states and view their decisions in terms of law and not politics ?

For he explains that the function of the party system has been to blur the conflict of class since each party has been obliged to appeal to ‘ the common good ’ in pursuit of long-term majority support .
for he explains that the [purpose] of the party system has been to blur the conflict of class since each party has been obliged to appeal to ‘ the common good ’ in pursuit of long-term majority support .

Dworkin 's theory of adjudication makes it clear that the function of the courts is limited to that of reaching decisions based upon arguments of principle , that is , arguments which justify a decision by showing that it secures or respects some individual or group right .
dworkin 's theory of adjudication makes it clear that the [purpose] of the courts is limited to that of reaching decisions based upon arguments of principle , that is , arguments which justify a decision by showing that it secures or respects some individual or group right .

As a result the function of second-level policy-making institutions such as Public Local Inquiries is seen in terms of merely affording an opportunity for those whose private individual rights and interests may be affected by a policy proposal , to make this known to those responsible for making the decision .
as a result the [purpose] of second-level policy-making institutions such as public local inquiries is seen in terms of merely affording an opportunity for those whose private individual rights and interests may be affected by a policy proposal , to make this known to those responsible for making the decision .

Here , powers are devolved not by reference to a particular geographical area , but by reference to a particular function or service , such as transport or telecommunications .
here , powers are devolved not by reference to a particular geographical area , but by reference to a particular [purpose] or service , such as transport or telecommunications .

The regimes under which nationalised industries function are by no means the only examples of vertical devolution under the United Kingdom constitution at present .
the regimes under which nationalised industries [purpose] are by no means the only examples of vertical devolution under the united kingdom constitution at present .

There still exists today a Northern Ireland Assembly , but its main function is as a scrutiny body for Westminster legislation applying to Northern Ireland and it lacks executive powers .
there still exists today a northern ireland assembly , but its main [purpose] is as a scrutiny body for westminster legislation applying to northern ireland and it lacks executive powers .

Such legislative powers as the three Offices enjoy are delegated by Parliament and subject to its scrutiny , though they differ in form and function .
such legislative powers as the three offices enjoy are delegated by parliament and subject to its scrutiny , though they differ in form and [purpose] .

Their function was to advise the monarch and if he chose to dispense with their advice , so be it .
their [purpose] was to advise the monarch and if he chose to dispense with their advice , so be it .

The case that is usually made out for retention is that the House of Lords nevertheless discharges a valuable constitutional function especially in the processing of uncontroversial Bills and the revision of Bills passed , perhaps with undue haste and lack of consideration , by the House of Commons .
the case that is usually made out for retention is that the house of lords nevertheless discharges a valuable constitutional [purpose] especially in the processing of uncontroversial bills and the revision of bills passed , perhaps with undue haste and lack of consideration , by the house of commons .

It is the function of elections to identify claimants to seats in the House of Commons .
it is the [purpose] of elections to identify claimants to seats in the house of commons .

The chief function of boundary commissions is to secure even representation amongst the constituencies within their jurisdiction , each of which will have a notional ‘ quota ’ consisting of the total number of electors divided by the number of constituencies .
the chief [purpose] of boundary commissions is to secure even representation amongst the constituencies within their jurisdiction , each of which will have a notional ‘ quota ’ consisting of the total number of electors divided by the number of constituencies .

( 1 ) The legislative function
( 1 ) the legislative [purpose]

Parliament 's legislative function is five-fold :
parliament 's legislative [purpose] is five-fold :

Once the European law is made , therefore , Parliament 's function is confined to reacting to a fait accompli , perhaps by chastising a Minister for acquiescing in its making , perhaps by pressing him to seek change .
once the european law is made , therefore , parliament 's [purpose] is confined to reacting to a fait accompli , perhaps by chastising a minister for acquiescing in its making , perhaps by pressing him to seek change .

It remains , under our constitution , the right of every citizen to petition Parliament for the redress of grievances and one function of Parliament , therefore , is to receive such petitions .
it remains , under our constitution , the right of every citizen to petition parliament for the redress of grievances and one [purpose] of parliament , therefore , is to receive such petitions .

Each of the Houses discharges a quasi judicial function in relation to the regulation of its own affairs . Each House has a Committee of Privileges to which prima facie of breach of privilege or contempt of
each of the houses discharges a quasi judicial [purpose] in relation to the regulation of its own affairs . each house has a committee of privileges to which prima facie of breach of privilege or contempt of

They are , instead , handled by a different committee of the House whose main function is to secure the public interest by ensuring that the facts are as alleged and that all the appropriate procedures for promotion of the Bill , such as giving notice for objectors , as required by Standing Orders , have been gone through .
they are , instead , handled by a different committee of the house whose main [purpose] is to secure the public interest by ensuring that the facts are as alleged and that all the appropriate procedures for promotion of the bill , such as giving notice for objectors , as required by standing orders , have been gone through .

Whilst there is still some pressure for further reform , it is generally recognised that the Lords do perform a useful function and the abolition lobby no longer enjoys the political significance it once did .
whilst there is still some pressure for further reform , it is generally recognised that the lords do perform a useful [purpose] and the abolition lobby no longer enjoys the political significance it once did .

( vii ) Lords amendments The critical examination and , if necessary , revision of Commons Bills is now the chief legislative function of the House of Lords .
( vii ) lords amendments the critical examination and , if necessary , revision of commons bills is now the chief legislative [purpose] of the house of lords .

In discharging this function , it is by no means in constant opposition to the House of Commons .
in discharging this [purpose] , it is by no means in constant opposition to the house of commons .

It is the main function of the Statutory Instruments Act to ensure that where an instrument is made by a Minister of the Crown in pursuance of powers delegated to him by Parliament , Parliament shall have a reasonable opportunity to scrutinise his efforts with a view to deciding whether or not to endorse them .
it is the main [purpose] of the statutory instruments act to ensure that where an instrument is made by a minister of the crown in pursuance of powers delegated to him by parliament , parliament shall have a reasonable opportunity to scrutinise his efforts with a view to deciding whether or not to endorse them .

Parliament has chosen to discharge this function by placing primary responsibility upon a scrutiny committee formed especially for the purpose .
parliament has chosen to discharge this [purpose] by placing primary responsibility upon a scrutiny committee formed especially for the purpose .

For all these improvements in the formal mechanisms whereby the House seeks to keep government in check , any full account of procedures relating to this function would be incomplete without reference , again , to the importance of the Houses as forums of informal debates , discussions and plain horse-trading .
for all these improvements in the formal mechanisms whereby the house seeks to keep government in check , any full account of procedures relating to this [purpose] would be incomplete without reference , again , to the importance of the houses as forums of informal debates , discussions and plain horse-trading .

This function is now discharged by departmental select committees .
this [purpose] is now discharged by departmental select committees .

In terms of both history and function , the chief feature of parliamentary privilege is freedom of speech .
in terms of both history and [purpose] , the chief feature of parliamentary privilege is freedom of speech .

Most allegations of breach of privilege or contempt end there , but if it appears to the Speaker that there has been a prima facie breach of privilege , the matter will be referred to the Committee of Privileges , the function of which is to receive evidence , determine whether , in its view , a breach or contempt has occurred and , if so , report to this effect to the House with any recommendations thought fit .
most allegations of breach of privilege or contempt end there , but if it appears to the speaker that there has been a prima facie breach of privilege , the matter will be referred to the committee of privileges , the [purpose] of which is to receive evidence , determine whether , in its view , a breach or contempt has occurred and , if so , report to this effect to the house with any recommendations thought fit .

The Council formally makes the more important regulations and directives ; otherwise legislation is in substance a function of the Commission .
the council formally makes the more important regulations and directives ; otherwise legislation is in substance a [purpose] of the commission .

There is instituted under it , however , a regime which , if not a part of the constitution of the United Kingdom , at least discharges there a function which , in most other democratic states , is a constitutional function .
there is instituted under it , however , a regime which , if not a part of the constitution of the united kingdom , at least discharges there a [purpose] which , in most other democratic states , is a constitutional [purpose] .

On receiving a petition it is the function of the Commission to ascertain the facts and seek to bring about a friendly settlement of the matter on the basis of respect for the human rights set out in the Convention ( Art.28 ) .
on receiving a petition it is the [purpose] of the commission to ascertain the facts and seek to bring about a friendly settlement of the matter on the basis of respect for the human rights set out in the convention ( art.28 ) .

In addition to meeting rooms and lounges , a large function room is used for conferences and is hired for celebrations such as wedding receptions . There can not be many Catholics in Halifax who have not been to an event at St. Mary 's !
in addition to meeting rooms and lounges , a large [purpose] room is used for conferences and is hired for celebrations such as wedding receptions . there can not be many catholics in halifax who have not been to an event at st. mary 's !

For some years the three-cornered parish with its three Mass centres had been looking to provide a parish centre with meeting and function rooms and to locate the priests ' house onsite .
for some years the three-cornered parish with its three mass centres had been looking to provide a parish centre with meeting and [purpose] rooms and to locate the priests ' house onsite .

The function of the Petit Meslier has thus been similar to that of the Petit Verdot in Bordeaux .
the [purpose] of the petit meslier has thus been similar to that of the petit verdot in bordeaux .

Unlike normal fat which is smooth and functions as the body 's spare energy larder , cellulite has a granular texture and no known function .
unlike normal fat which is smooth and functions as the body 's spare energy larder , cellulite has a granular texture and no known [purpose] .

They come from all parts of the country , although it 's true that a function organised by one particular branch will tend to attract mainly members from that area .
they come from all parts of the country , although it 's true that a [purpose] organised by one particular branch will tend to attract mainly members from that area .

The ring of arteries seemed so tiny and vulnerable in his estimation , considering the extreme importance of their function .
the ring of arteries seemed so tiny and vulnerable in his estimation , considering the extreme importance of their [purpose] .

The pastor 's function changes as the church grows .
the pastor 's [purpose] changes as the church grows .

These call for fresh thinking and approach , and a willingness to change function .
these call for fresh thinking and approach , and a willingness to change [purpose] .

‘ It 's generally agreed that , given the constraints imposed by its function and the site , the power station is rather successful architecturally .
‘ it 's generally agreed that , given the constraints imposed by its [purpose] and the site , the power station is rather successful architecturally .

In order to allow the school to function without undue disruption , during building operations , close liaison with the Headmaster was necessary to establish phasing sequences , and the manner in which building works could be undertaken .
in order to allow the school to [purpose] without undue disruption , during building operations , close liaison with the headmaster was necessary to establish phasing sequences , and the manner in which building works could be undertaken .

The main function of a residential area is to house people and to provide the everyday necessities of life .
the main [purpose] of a residential area is to house people and to provide the everyday necessities of life .

Some spatial variations in accident distribution are observable , however , as Dutch research shows that the majority of accidents occur on roads that serve a distribution function .
some spatial variations in accident distribution are observable , however , as dutch research shows that the majority of accidents occur on roads that serve a distribution [purpose] .

‘ … strict differentiation of streets according to their traffic function leads to safer residential areas ;
‘ … strict differentiation of streets according to their traffic [purpose] leads to safer residential areas ;

… on roads providing a distributive function , accident rates are minimised where frontage access is prohibited and the layout of the residential development is such that pedestrians and cyclists have no need to use routes that run alongside highways .
… on roads providing a distributive [purpose] , accident rates are minimised where frontage access is prohibited and the layout of the residential development is such that pedestrians and cyclists have no need to use routes that run alongside highways .

Although a traffic function would remain , the car would be demoted from the position of priority which it had come to hold in most streets .
although a traffic [purpose] would remain , the car would be demoted from the position of priority which it had come to hold in most streets .

Within the residential areas the habitat function must be improved without reducing the accessibility of destinations .
within the residential areas the habitat [purpose] must be improved without reducing the accessibility of destinations .

The removal of the Konopkastrasse 's ring road function is the second element of the Buxtehude strategy , and is evident in its changed relationship with crossing foot traffic .
the removal of the konopkastrasse 's ring road [purpose] is the second element of the buxtehude strategy , and is evident in its changed relationship with crossing foot traffic .

Such ‘ Fahrradstrasse ’ are not created as a function of cyclist density , though some attempts have been made to funnel cross-town traffic along them to ensure that motorists are intimidated by the greater volume of cycle traffic .
such ‘ fahrradstrasse ’ are not created as a [purpose] of cyclist density , though some attempts have been made to funnel cross-town traffic along them to ensure that motorists are intimidated by the greater volume of cycle traffic .

They were , first , practical measures such as speed humps to make drivers aware of their speed and thus slow their vehicles ; second , a designed environment that conveys to the driver the fact that the area is one whose function is principally for living not travelling , with a consequent imparted feeling that awareness of soft traffic is imperative ; third , a legal change in priority , so that all occupants of the street space are equal ; and fourth , lest drivers are encouraged to view the new street layout as a challenge to driving skill rather than an encouragement of self-restraint and caution , a new regulation on car speeds .
they were , first , practical measures such as speed humps to make drivers aware of their speed and thus slow their vehicles ; second , a designed environment that conveys to the driver the fact that the area is one whose [purpose] is principally for living not travelling , with a consequent imparted feeling that awareness of soft traffic is imperative ; third , a legal change in priority , so that all occupants of the street space are equal ; and fourth , lest drivers are encouraged to view the new street layout as a challenge to driving skill rather than an encouragement of self-restraint and caution , a new regulation on car speeds .

This lacks the boldness of the Dutch approaches that date from the same period , so that fundamental changes in the function of the road surface and attitudes towards its use can not be achieved .
this lacks the boldness of the dutch approaches that date from the same period , so that fundamental changes in the [purpose] of the road surface and attitudes towards its use can not be achieved .

Some of these are indirect ways of reducing speeds , but nowhere is the direct way used ie a change in the law to bring speed limits below 50 km/h , applied street by street or across a zone , delimited by signs , enforced by the police , publicised widely , and then supported by infrastructural measures to ensure compliance as well as by environmental enhancement to reinforce perception of the changing function of the street to one of pedestrian ownership .
some of these are indirect ways of reducing speeds , but nowhere is the direct way used ie a change in the law to bring speed limits below 50 km/h , applied street by street or across a zone , delimited by signs , enforced by the police , publicised widely , and then supported by infrastructural measures to ensure compliance as well as by environmental enhancement to reinforce perception of the changing [purpose] of the street to one of pedestrian ownership .

Some of the textured pavement and warning tiles did not function well and some caused difficulties for the non-handicapped , as when snagging high heels .
some of the textured pavement and warning tiles did not [purpose] well and some caused difficulties for the non-handicapped , as when snagging high heels .

He had a hand-picked team whose sole function was to do just that .
he had a hand-picked team whose sole [purpose] was to do just that .

The Schools Council ( for curriculum and examinations ) , was established in 1964 by the Secretary of State for Education and Science as an independent body with the function of ‘ the promotion of education by carrying out research into , and keeping under review , curricula , teaching methods and examinations in schools ’ .
the schools council ( for curriculum and examinations ) , was established in 1964 by the secretary of state for education and science as an independent body with the [purpose] of ‘ the promotion of education by carrying out research into , and keeping under review , curricula , teaching methods and examinations in schools ’ .

It saw its function not to produce curricular prescriptions but rather ‘ to extend the range of possibilities open to teachers , and to provide them with the most detailed research evidence on which their judgement can be exercised ’ .
it saw its [purpose] not to produce curricular prescriptions but rather ‘ to extend the range of possibilities open to teachers , and to provide them with the most detailed research evidence on which their judgement can be exercised ’ .

Although central government departments bear a considerable responsibility for this failure , the ability of local authorities to perform this vital function depends in part upon how they are organized .
although central government departments bear a considerable responsibility for this failure , the ability of local authorities to perform this vital [purpose] depends in part upon how they are organized .

Indeed , one important function of research is to indicate what is not relevant , a particularly important contribution in view of commonly held views on matters such as the causes of delinquency-is it ‘ latch-key ’ children or television violence ?
indeed , one important [purpose] of research is to indicate what is not relevant , a particularly important contribution in view of commonly held views on matters such as the causes of delinquency-is it ‘ latch-key ’ children or television violence ?

For example , as educational research has found , the child who can not read at eight is unlikely ever to learn , and that eight is the latest age at which a child can function in school as an illiterate .
for example , as educational research has found , the child who can not read at eight is unlikely ever to learn , and that eight is the latest age at which a child can [purpose] in school as an illiterate .

So what do parents require if they are to function effectively as a family ?
so what do parents require if they are to [purpose] effectively as a family ?

Whether one views this level of success as notable or disappointing is largely a function of personal perspective and professional choice .
whether one views this level of success as notable or disappointing is largely a [purpose] of personal perspective and professional choice .

It is a simple extension of that approach to then use methods to invoke pieces of procedure and function .
it is a simple extension of that approach to then use methods to invoke pieces of procedure and [purpose] .

The zoo has a practical function , because its stables also house the Emperor 's war monsters : the Griffons , Pegasi and other creatures he rides to battle .
the zoo has a practical [purpose] , because its stables also house the emperor 's war monsters : the griffons , pegasi and other creatures he rides to battle .

For Marxists , by contrast , the welfare of the masses is not only economically determined but a quantifiable function of the degree of their immiseration .
for marxists , by contrast , the welfare of the masses is not only economically determined but a quantifiable [purpose] of the degree of their immiseration .

Some merely regard their function as a necessary official procedure best conducted with the least possible fuss and difficulty , while others regard themselves as the only impartial authority capable of investigating a sequence of events involving fatality no matter how technically complicated it might be .
some merely regard their [purpose] as a necessary official procedure best conducted with the least possible fuss and difficulty , while others regard themselves as the only impartial authority capable of investigating a sequence of events involving fatality no matter how technically complicated it might be .

The identification of such people is incidental and they should always be described in terms of their function , as for instance ‘ the duty air traffic controller ’ , ‘ the aircraft designer ’ or ‘ the pilot in command ’ .
the identification of such people is incidental and they should always be described in terms of their [purpose] , as for instance ‘ the duty air traffic controller ’ , ‘ the aircraft designer ’ or ‘ the pilot in command ’ .

Bourne , creator of the original Unix Bourne shell command interpreter , believes that the fact that development of Unix operating systems is generally done in a handcrafted manner is not a function of the inherent diversity of Unix itself , but is a long-term software engineering problem .
bourne , creator of the original unix bourne shell command interpreter , believes that the fact that development of unix operating systems is generally done in a handcrafted manner is not a [purpose] of the inherent diversity of unix itself , but is a long-term software engineering problem .

We can even take charge of your entire logistics function , so you can redeploy assets , gain flexibility , reduce risk .
we can even take charge of your entire logistics [purpose] , so you can redeploy assets , gain flexibility , reduce risk .

Compare for yourself ! The Croton Aqua Chrono Master boasts a state-of-the-art quartz movement housed in a precision machined , brushed stainless steel case that 's water resistant to 300 feet , a stopwatch function that tracks to of a second , and there 's even a countdown timer .
compare for yourself ! the croton aqua chrono master boasts a state-of-the-art quartz movement housed in a precision machined , brushed stainless steel case that 's water resistant to 300 feet , a stopwatch [purpose] that tracks to of a second , and there 's even a countdown timer .

Take our article on the latest Japanese gimmick , for instance , It 's an electronic notebook with ‘ revolutionary image input function ’ .
take our article on the latest japanese gimmick , for instance , it 's an electronic notebook with ‘ revolutionary image input [purpose] ’ .

The buildings of the Benedictine abbey of Königsmünster in Mescede had become too small , with the result that the abbey , was ‘ only just ’ able to function .
the buildings of the benedictine abbey of königsmünster in mescede had become too small , with the result that the abbey , was ‘ only just ’ able to [purpose] .

stopwatch features 5 lap/split time and total time memories , 5 target times and an auto-start function .
stopwatch features 5 lap/split time and total time memories , 5 target times and an auto-start [purpose] .

• Auto-receive function • Print & save options
• auto-receive [purpose] • print & save options

That is to say , if creativity and psychosis are found to be connected then this is more likely to be revealed , not as a function of the psychotic state itself , but in more subtle ways — for example , through certain modes or forms of thinking and perception which the tendencies to psychosis and creativity might prove to have in common .
that is to say , if creativity and psychosis are found to be connected then this is more likely to be revealed , not as a [purpose] of the psychotic state itself , but in more subtle ways — for example , through certain modes or forms of thinking and perception which the tendencies to psychosis and creativity might prove to have in common .

The best clues are almost certainly to be found by studying those aspects of brain function which , if they become deranged , could account for the symptoms of psychotic illness , and currently a considerable amount of research is in progress testing out various possibilities .
the best clues are almost certainly to be found by studying those aspects of brain [purpose] which , if they become deranged , could account for the symptoms of psychotic illness , and currently a considerable amount of research is in progress testing out various possibilities .

However , performing its adaptive function blood pressure is merely a natural physiological trait , though one that can vary over a wide range even in healthy individuals .
however , performing its adaptive [purpose] blood pressure is merely a natural physiological trait , though one that can vary over a wide range even in healthy individuals .

To appreciate the significance of this idea it is necessary to look briefly at some general features of the lateral arrangement of the brain as it relates to psychological function .
to appreciate the significance of this idea it is necessary to look briefly at some general features of the lateral arrangement of the brain as it relates to psychological [purpose] .

Thus the right hemisphere is well-placed to undertake the early parallel , preconscious scanning of large amounts of information , the left taking on the later function of conscious elaboration of selected items .
thus the right hemisphere is well-placed to undertake the early parallel , preconscious scanning of large amounts of information , the left taking on the later [purpose] of conscious elaboration of selected items .

Should the state merely have a ‘ regulatory ’ function in such matters as the allocation of frequencies for broadcasting , or should it have a more active role as guarantor of the mass media and their ‘ public service ’ ?
should the state merely have a ‘ regulatory ’ [purpose] in such matters as the allocation of frequencies for broadcasting , or should it have a more active role as guarantor of the mass media and their ‘ public service ’ ?

They may either be conceived as the ultimate arbiters of truth and values ( a function once held by the churches ) or they may meet certain religious or psychological needs .
they may either be conceived as the ultimate arbiters of truth and values ( a [purpose] once held by the churches ) or they may meet certain religious or psychological needs .

Is it a function of ageing or simply that the mode of communication may become more restrained and that the emotional experiences are as rich as ever ?
is it a [purpose] of ageing or simply that the mode of communication may become more restrained and that the emotional experiences are as rich as ever ?

Walker ( 1981 ) draws particular attention to poverty in old age , arguing that it is ‘ primarily a function of low economic and social status prior to retirement and the depressed social status of the retired , and , secondly of the relatively low level of state benefits ’ .
walker ( 1981 ) draws particular attention to poverty in old age , arguing that it is ‘ primarily a [purpose] of low economic and social status prior to retirement and the depressed social status of the retired , and , secondly of the relatively low level of state benefits ’ .

Acceptance , dependence or rejection will therefore be inextricably tied in with the preservation of areas of activity which have given self-esteem , which are associated with a particular role function , which confirm the old person as the sort of person he or she wants to be .
acceptance , dependence or rejection will therefore be inextricably tied in with the preservation of areas of activity which have given self-esteem , which are associated with a particular role [purpose] , which confirm the old person as the sort of person he or she wants to be .

Social dislocation , of course , is not simply a function of unemployment .
social dislocation , of course , is not simply a [purpose] of unemployment .

Indeed , as Evers ( 1984 ) found in her study , old people who in objective terms may be described as severely disabled may continue to perform these services , such as preparing the evening meal , and many function domestically more competently than those who are less physically impaired .
indeed , as evers ( 1984 ) found in her study , old people who in objective terms may be described as severely disabled may continue to perform these services , such as preparing the evening meal , and many [purpose] domestically more competently than those who are less physically impaired .

Of the very old , about one in four will have a substantial degree of mental infirmity , often dementia , which seriously impairs their capacity to function competently in a domestic setting .
of the very old , about one in four will have a substantial degree of mental infirmity , often dementia , which seriously impairs their capacity to [purpose] competently in a domestic setting .

Sufficiency of performance is taken to mean that an elder can function as an ordinary person without requiring extra support .
sufficiency of performance is taken to mean that an elder can [purpose] as an ordinary person without requiring extra support .

They no longer function adequately ‘ on automatic ’ and may therefore be exposed to unacceptable risks .
they no longer [purpose] adequately ‘ on automatic ’ and may therefore be exposed to unacceptable risks .

But where there are irreversible or extensive neurological changes , the assessing practitioner may have to conclude that such an elder has lost the capacity to function independently .
but where there are irreversible or extensive neurological changes , the assessing practitioner may have to conclude that such an elder has lost the capacity to [purpose] independently .

For example , a basic sense of trust about oneself and the world is arguably necessary for a person to function competently .
for example , a basic sense of trust about oneself and the world is arguably necessary for a person to [purpose] competently .

It is not , for instance , possible to say to what extent the differences in construction relate to their function .
it is not , for instance , possible to say to what extent the differences in construction relate to their [purpose] .

The excavator suggests that the positioning of the doors and the size of the buildings ‘ does not seem to indicate an agricultural function ’ ( Millett 1983 , p. 247 ) , preferring to see the stability of the layout as a reflection of social units , whether divided by ‘ kinship , sex or status ’ ( ibid . )
the excavator suggests that the positioning of the doors and the size of the buildings ‘ does not seem to indicate an agricultural [purpose] ’ ( millett 1983 , p. 247 ) , preferring to see the stability of the layout as a reflection of social units , whether divided by ‘ kinship , sex or status ’ ( ibid . )

On occasions their function is much clearer than with the larger rectangular structures ; for instance , at West Stow 9 per cent of the sunken buildings contained weaving and textile-related equipment .
on occasions their [purpose] is much clearer than with the larger rectangular structures ; for instance , at west stow 9 per cent of the sunken buildings contained weaving and textile-related equipment .

Alternatively this may only be a change in the precious metal brought about by necessity , and silver coinage may have continued the earlier function of the gold coinage , as bullion .
alternatively this may only be a change in the precious metal brought about by necessity , and silver coinage may have continued the earlier [purpose] of the gold coinage , as bullion .

It is difficult to understand the function of gold in early Anglo-Saxon society in much greater detail .
it is difficult to understand the [purpose] of gold in early anglo-saxon society in much greater detail .

Does the variation have a function similar to the interpretation placed upon the cremation pottery , that it represents the wearer 's social group ?
does the variation have a [purpose] similar to the interpretation placed upon the cremation pottery , that it represents the wearer 's social group ?

Much of the variation in the items is indeed directly related to their use , but the variability in the design of objects destined for the same function may point to socio-cultural differences .
much of the variation in the items is indeed directly related to their use , but the variability in the design of objects destined for the same [purpose] may point to socio-cultural differences .

It is not easy to be sure of their function or functions .
it is not easy to be sure of their [purpose] or functions .

They may have had a function in aiding the picking out of broken threads on the loom .
they may have had a [purpose] in aiding the picking out of broken threads on the loom .

Clothing was the principal function of textiles , just as the principal function of buckles , sleeve-fasteners , pins and brooches was to hold the clothing together .
clothing was the principal [purpose] of textiles , just as the principal [purpose] of buckles , sleeve-fasteners , pins and brooches was to hold the clothing together .

Such metalwork and fabric may have been decorated in a way which conveyed meaning to the wearer and the viewer , but all of the artefacts whose technology we have considered had , first and foremost a function to their owners .
such metalwork and fabric may have been decorated in a way which conveyed meaning to the wearer and the viewer , but all of the artefacts whose technology we have considered had , first and foremost a [purpose] to their owners .

Vessels may have been used for eating , drinking , containing and carrying liquids , but each type may have had a specific function such as the use of open bowls as lamps .
vessels may have been used for eating , drinking , containing and carrying liquids , but each type may have had a specific [purpose] such as the use of open bowls as lamps .

The capacities of such vessels may offer dues to their function .
the capacities of such vessels may offer dues to their [purpose] .

The function of early Anglo-Saxon pottery seems at first glance to be obvious .
the [purpose] of early anglo-saxon pottery seems at first glance to be obvious .

This may imply that in cremating areas the vessels were made a certain size for the specific function of containing the ashes , whereas in areas practising inhumation there may not have been such specialised production , the vessels being drawn from the domestic stock .
this may imply that in cremating areas the vessels were made a certain size for the specific [purpose] of containing the ashes , whereas in areas practising inhumation there may not have been such specialised production , the vessels being drawn from the domestic stock .

Published reports rarely comment on evidence for the function of domestic pottery , and unlike studies of later medieval pottery the presence or absence of sooting on the vessels ' surfaces is not always commented on .
published reports rarely comment on evidence for the [purpose] of domestic pottery , and unlike studies of later medieval pottery the presence or absence of sooting on the vessels ' surfaces is not always commented on .

While the association may not be relevant to the function of the pottery , he interpreted the stones as pot-boilers ( 1936 , p. 24 ) .
while the association may not be relevant to the [purpose] of the pottery , he interpreted the stones as pot-boilers ( 1936 , p. 24 ) .

More direct indications of function come with small groups of vessels having three solid or horizontally pierced lugs for suspension by a cord or thong ; these were designed primarily as household utensils .
more direct indications of [purpose] come with small groups of vessels having three solid or horizontally pierced lugs for suspension by a cord or thong ; these were designed primarily as household utensils .

The function of certain artefacts is less open to interpretation .
the [purpose] of certain artefacts is less open to interpretation .

An edit function .
an edit [purpose] .

An encore function for instantly repeating the last ten seconds of the scene you 've just watched .
an encore [purpose] for instantly repeating the last ten seconds of the scene you 've just watched .

Behind closed doors you will find a variety of shelves , drawers and pullout units , each carefully designed to function smoothly and silently without fuss .
behind closed doors you will find a variety of shelves , drawers and pullout units , each carefully designed to [purpose] smoothly and silently without fuss .

This function is more fully described elsewhere but the idea is to raise artificially the idle speed when the throttle stick is pulled right back .
this [purpose] is more fully described elsewhere but the idea is to raise artificially the idle speed when the throttle stick is pulled right back .

Here again , the more advanced radios cater for this situation by incorporating a separate low pitch adjustment associated with the ‘ idle up 2 ’ function .
here again , the more advanced radios cater for this situation by incorporating a separate low pitch adjustment associated with the ‘ idle up 2 ’ [purpose] .

Do it , as always , at a safe height and remember that the tail was the most difficult function to control initially and is the most likely one to give you problems when the action is the opposite of what you have come to expect .
do it , as always , at a safe height and remember that the tail was the most difficult [purpose] to control initially and is the most likely one to give you problems when the action is the opposite of what you have come to expect .

She had the sort of belly that has produced perhaps three or four children and never managed to forget its importance or let go of its previous function or recover from its distension .
she had the sort of belly that has produced perhaps three or four children and never managed to forget its importance or let go of its previous [purpose] or recover from its distension .

We shall start by examining discrete changes , in which the coefficients of the objective function or the RHSs of the constraints assume new values , or constraints are added or removed .
we shall start by examining discrete changes , in which the coefficients of the objective [purpose] or the rhss of the constraints assume new values , or constraints are added or removed .

How does this change if the objective function is replaced by The general approach to discrete changes is to first find how the optimal tableau changes when the new data is used .
how does this change if the objective [purpose] is replaced by the general approach to discrete changes is to first find how the optimal tableau changes when the new data is used .

We have assumed that all objective functions are ‘ desirable ’ in that we prefer greater to lesser objective function values .
we have assumed that all objective functions are ‘ desirable ’ in that we prefer greater to lesser objective [purpose] values .

It is a consequence of the definition that it is impossible to increase any objective function at an efficient solution without decreasing another .
it is a consequence of the definition that it is impossible to increase any objective [purpose] at an efficient solution without decreasing another .

To accommodate multiple objectives , we will extend the simplex tableau by including an additional objective row for each objective function .
to accommodate multiple objectives , we will extend the simplex tableau by including an additional objective row for each objective [purpose] .

Consequently , these additional rows are subject to the usual pivoting rules and the formulae ( 3.6 ) for generating the objective row from the objective function coefficients and the remaining rows are still valid .
consequently , these additional rows are subject to the usual pivoting rules and the formulae ( 3.6 ) for generating the objective row from the objective [purpose] coefficients and the remaining rows are still valid .

This involves specifying a goal or target value for the objective function .
this involves specifying a goal or target value for the objective [purpose] .

If no such solution can be found , we impose the constraint that the first objective function should not drop below its optimal value before turning to the second objective .
if no such solution can be found , we impose the constraint that the first objective [purpose] should not drop below its optimal value before turning to the second objective .

If ( x 1 , … , x n ) is optimal for the first objective function , this implies that , if , then we impose the constraint .
if ( x 1 , … , x n ) is optimal for the first objective [purpose] , this implies that , if , then we impose the constraint .

We commence by maximising the first objective function , using the simplex method , until we reach a tableau in which the objective function value is non-negative ( so that the goal is achieved ) or which is optimal .
we commence by maximising the first objective [purpose] , using the simplex method , until we reach a tableau in which the objective [purpose] value is non-negative ( so that the goal is achieved ) or which is optimal .

One context in which multiple-objective problems arise is when the objective function can be one of several possibilities , which one being determined by external factors beyond the control of the decision-maker .
one context in which multiple-objective problems arise is when the objective [purpose] can be one of several possibilities , which one being determined by external factors beyond the control of the decision-maker .

With no knowledge of these probabilities , he might decide to assume the worst and maximise the lowest objective function , that is maximise min subject to the constraints .
with no knowledge of these probabilities , he might decide to assume the worst and maximise the lowest objective [purpose] , that is maximise min subject to the constraints .

We will write z k for the optimal objective function value of LPk and [ z k ] for the greatest integer not exceeding z k ( so that ) .
we will write z k for the optimal objective [purpose] value of lpk and [ z k ] for the greatest integer not exceeding z k ( so that ) .

( We have assumed that all objective function coefficients are integers . )
( we have assumed that all objective [purpose] coefficients are integers . )

We will therefore examine how bounds can be placed on the change in objective function value when a variable is chosen for branching .
we will therefore examine how bounds can be placed on the change in objective [purpose] value when a variable is chosen for branching .

The new objective function value , after one pivot in the -row and the Jth column , is .
the new objective [purpose] value , after one pivot in the -row and the jth column , is .

This says that the decrease in objective function value after one dual-simplex is Dk ( x r ) where and Dk ( x r ) is called the down-penalty .
this says that the decrease in objective [purpose] value after one dual-simplex is dk ( x r ) where and dk ( x r ) is called the down-penalty .

This means that the decrease in objective function value after one dual-simplex pivot is , the up-penalty , where .
this means that the decrease in objective [purpose] value after one dual-simplex pivot is , the up-penalty , where .

Once again is an upper bound on the objective function value of the up -problem .
once again is an upper bound on the objective [purpose] value of the up -problem .

In this context penalties are implicitly treated as if they gave the exact decrease in objective function when a variable is branched on ( as opposed to just a bound ) .
in this context penalties are implicitly treated as if they gave the exact decrease in objective [purpose] when a variable is branched on ( as opposed to just a bound ) .

The justification for selecting the variable with the largest penalty implicitly assumed that the penalty gave a useful estimate of the decrease in objective function value and not just a bound .
the justification for selecting the variable with the largest penalty implicitly assumed that the penalty gave a useful estimate of the decrease in objective [purpose] value and not just a bound .

Forcing x r to an integer value reduces the objective function by approximately for the down-problem and for the up-problem .
forcing x r to an integer value reduces the objective [purpose] by approximately for the down-problem and for the up-problem .

Ideally we would set this value equal to the optimal objective function value of problem k , say .
ideally we would set this value equal to the optimal objective [purpose] value of problem k , say .

If we make the ( unrealistic ) assumption that , in driving some variables to integer values , the other variable values do not change much , we can estimate the optimal objective function value of the integer down-problem created by branching on at node k to be where z k is the optimal objective function value of LPk .
if we make the ( unrealistic ) assumption that , in driving some variables to integer values , the other variable values do not change much , we can estimate the optimal objective [purpose] value of the integer down-problem created by branching on at node k to be where z k is the optimal objective [purpose] value of lpk .

Problems in which the objective function or the constraints ( or both ) are nonlinear are called Non-linear Programming Problems ( NLPs ) .
problems in which the objective [purpose] or the constraints ( or both ) are nonlinear are called non-linear programming problems ( nlps ) .

This approximation obviously extends to problems with more than two variables provided the objective function and constraints are separable , that is , they are sums of functions of individual variables , for example , .
this approximation obviously extends to problems with more than two variables provided the objective [purpose] and constraints are separable , that is , they are sums of functions of individual variables , for example , .

The encouragement to maximise his own function
the encouragement to maximise his own [purpose]

It is important to look for evidence of skin loss , state of circulation , sensation , loss of tendon or muscle activity and impairment of motor function before the area is anaesthetised for detailed wound examination , cleaning and repair .
it is important to look for evidence of skin loss , state of circulation , sensation , loss of tendon or muscle activity and impairment of motor [purpose] before the area is anaesthetised for detailed wound examination , cleaning and repair .

It is necessary to test for the integrity and the function of the constituent components of each tissue group .
it is necessary to test for the integrity and the [purpose] of the constituent components of each tissue group .

The Ego does have an essential function .
the ego does have an essential [purpose] .

Its original function , according to Seth , was to make us feel bad , by briefly separating us from our sense of love and connectedness , so that we would not repeat a harmful act .
its original [purpose] , according to seth , was to make us feel bad , by briefly separating us from our sense of love and connectedness , so that we would not repeat a harmful act .

However , he suggests that fear does have a useful function .
however , he suggests that fear does have a useful [purpose] .

The Plant Commission on electoral reform did not stimulate an internal debate in the party , because its real function was to do precisely the opposite .
the plant commission on electoral reform did not stimulate an internal debate in the party , because its real [purpose] was to do precisely the opposite .

In antique Portuguese interiors , silent maidservants serve nervous guests under the ornamental shadow of grilles whose fancy design mocks their function .
in antique portuguese interiors , silent maidservants serve nervous guests under the ornamental shadow of grilles whose fancy design mocks their [purpose] .

The function of this debate is to allow therapy to those lice , uppity , grudge-bearing backbenchers like Nick Winterton , whom the Tory whips want out of his select committee chairmanship .
the [purpose] of this debate is to allow therapy to those lice , uppity , grudge-bearing backbenchers like nick winterton , whom the tory whips want out of his select committee chairmanship .

The minor one is his failure to recognise the function of historians .
the minor one is his failure to recognise the [purpose] of historians .

The use of gay supporting characters such as Michele Pfeiffer 's neighbour in Frankie and Johnny or Susan Sarandon 's flatmate in Light Sleeper , who function as sexless conduits for the action , is mere tokenism .
the use of gay supporting characters such as michele pfeiffer 's neighbour in frankie and johnny or susan sarandon 's flatmate in light sleeper , who [purpose] as sexless conduits for the action , is mere tokenism .

An area of particular weakness in British industry is in the sales and marketing function .
an area of particular weakness in british industry is in the sales and marketing [purpose] .

The essentials of Taylorism involve the use of work-study engineers to study in fine detail the work an individual is doing ; through detailed analysis develop the most efficient method of doing that work and establish a ‘ fair ’ time for performing particular elements of the task ; develop a specialised staff function whose task is to allocate jobs to individual workers ; and monitor performance against the rated time for the job .
the essentials of taylorism involve the use of work-study engineers to study in fine detail the work an individual is doing ; through detailed analysis develop the most efficient method of doing that work and establish a ‘ fair ’ time for performing particular elements of the task ; develop a specialised staff [purpose] whose task is to allocate jobs to individual workers ; and monitor performance against the rated time for the job .

Having looked at its function , lets look at its structure .
having looked at its [purpose] , lets look at its structure .

, Renewal lung function tests are to be carried out at regular intervals .
, renewal lung [purpose] tests are to be carried out at regular intervals .

Demeter 's symbol is the ear of corn and she is also linked to the bee in Classical literature , due to her industrious nature and nourishing function .
demeter 's symbol is the ear of corn and she is also linked to the bee in classical literature , due to her industrious nature and nourishing [purpose] .

London clubs differ from one another , but most are organised along the same lines , usually based in pub function rooms .
london clubs differ from one another , but most are organised along the same lines , usually based in pub [purpose] rooms .

Given an open arena in which to function , the Marvel 100 Super gave a superb performance , separating the detritus of human disintegration from the cohesive integrity of the carpet with an almost nonchalant ease .
given an open arena in which to [purpose] , the marvel 100 super gave a superb performance , separating the detritus of human disintegration from the cohesive integrity of the carpet with an almost nonchalant ease .

In fact its function is to mobilize the body , to prepare us for action : to pump adrenalin into our blood for faster muscle movement , and quicken our heart-beat and breathing for greater stamina .
in fact its [purpose] is to mobilize the body , to prepare us for action : to pump adrenalin into our blood for faster muscle movement , and quicken our heart-beat and breathing for greater stamina .

His two papers , Uhuru and the Nationalist , had an important educational function .
his two papers , uhuru and the nationalist , had an important educational [purpose] .

In the first place , the entrepreneurial function was likely to become redundant , largely because innovation would be taken over by teams of specialists in large corporations .
in the first place , the entrepreneurial [purpose] was likely to become redundant , largely because innovation would be taken over by teams of specialists in large corporations .

If there is a range of technical possibilities for producing a particular commodity the function of prices is to show the least-cost solution .
if there is a range of technical possibilities for producing a particular commodity the [purpose] of prices is to show the least-cost solution .

Precisely what this means is not clear because presumably even in a socialist state it would have a necessary function in maintaining law and order .
precisely what this means is not clear because presumably even in a socialist state it would have a necessary [purpose] in maintaining law and order .

An important example of Overdrive 's administrative function ( Clause 3 ( g ) ) is the giving of written particulars of employment to a driver .
an important example of overdrive 's administrative [purpose] ( clause 3 ( g ) ) is the giving of written particulars of employment to a driver .

You feel bad about having to take time off from work because of the children , e.g. sickness or a school function .
you feel bad about having to take time off from work because of the children , e.g. sickness or a school [purpose] .

Despite its bad name , we all need some degree of stress to function properly .
despite its bad name , we all need some degree of stress to [purpose] properly .

Nathan waited patiently for the remissions which made it possible for the ruined mind to function for a time ; he sat by the sick man , who by now was almost blind ; the paralysis was , after all , general .
nathan waited patiently for the remissions which made it possible for the ruined mind to [purpose] for a time ; he sat by the sick man , who by now was almost blind ; the paralysis was , after all , general .

In Middle-earth , then , both good and evil function as external powers and as inner impulses from the psyche .
in middle-earth , then , both good and evil [purpose] as external powers and as inner impulses from the psyche .

Still , most of those quoted so far are real proverbs as the place-names of the Shire are real place-names , and they have a similar function : to draw us in , to make connections between experience inside and outside the story .
still , most of those quoted so far are real proverbs as the place-names of the shire are real place-names , and they have a similar [purpose] : to draw us in , to make connections between experience inside and outside the story .

It is tempting to say that they have no function besides advancing the story or embellishing the characters , no value outside their immediate context .
it is tempting to say that they have no [purpose] besides advancing the story or embellishing the characters , no value outside their immediate context .

But the elves refuse to accept the fact , seeing themselves as strangers whose highest function is memory :
but the elves refuse to accept the fact , seeing themselves as strangers whose highest [purpose] is memory :

Excess salt has been shown to be linked to high blood pressure and may also affect the efficient function of the kidneys .
excess salt has been shown to be linked to high blood pressure and may also affect the efficient [purpose] of the kidneys .

Davenport maintains that the small size and geographical spread of the company 's hotels makes centralized purchasing uneconomic , and that the same argument applies to the personnel function .
davenport maintains that the small size and geographical spread of the company 's hotels makes centralized purchasing uneconomic , and that the same argument applies to the personnel [purpose] .

You form the impression that the two of them do not actively encourage function bookings which are likely to go on until after 23.00 hours .
you form the impression that the two of them do not actively encourage [purpose] bookings which are likely to go on until after 23.00 hours .

Typical topics include arrangements for special events such as the occasional group tour booking or function , the repair or renewal of equipment , the replacement of staff who have retired or resigned and the renegotiation of purchasing contracts .
typical topics include arrangements for special events such as the occasional group tour booking or [purpose] , the repair or renewal of equipment , the replacement of staff who have retired or resigned and the renegotiation of purchasing contracts .

Winter embarked upon a more systematic approach to the manpower function .
winter embarked upon a more systematic approach to the manpower [purpose] .

Hotels involved in the conference trade are also engaged in ‘ function ’ trade , particularly at weekends , and many are fully booked for two months ahead .
hotels involved in the conference trade are also engaged in ‘ [purpose] ’ trade , particularly at weekends , and many are fully booked for two months ahead .

The one on the right went only to sealed-off sections of corridor on each floor , where any interlopers who had managed to get that far would be fobbed off with further charades designed to conceal the true function of the building .
the one on the right went only to sealed-off sections of corridor on each floor , where any interlopers who had managed to get that far would be fobbed off with further charades designed to conceal the true [purpose] of the building .

It was his simple function to fly aircraft .
it was his simple [purpose] to fly aircraft .

This kind of intelligent selection if the function of the accompanying software rather than the tape unit .
this kind of intelligent selection if the [purpose] of the accompanying software rather than the tape unit .

And bizarrely , there 's no function for opening up an empty budget planner ; you have to save the example planner under a different name and delete all the data from it .
and bizarrely , there 's no [purpose] for opening up an empty budget planner ; you have to save the example planner under a different name and delete all the data from it .

As well as its unparalleled accuracy , Illustrator handles type exceptionally well , has a built-in graphing function , and comes with Adobe TypeAlign , Type Manager , Separator and Streamline utilities .
as well as its unparalleled accuracy , illustrator handles type exceptionally well , has a built-in graphing [purpose] , and comes with adobe typealign , type manager , separator and streamline utilities .

When inserting the new sheet of paper , do n't press the function button .
when inserting the new sheet of paper , do n't press the [purpose] button .

These categories reveal an intricate relationship between social rank and economic standing , so much so as to invite the conclusion that by this date , if not much earlier , it had come to be acknowledged that status was a function of source and level of income , subject to the proviso that land took precedence over personal property .
these categories reveal an intricate relationship between social rank and economic standing , so much so as to invite the conclusion that by this date , if not much earlier , it had come to be acknowledged that status was a [purpose] of source and level of income , subject to the proviso that land took precedence over personal property .

Behind these miscellaneous qualifications a residual military function can be detected .
behind these miscellaneous qualifications a residual military [purpose] can be detected .

The number of sub-£2 assessments was primarily a function of the natural poverty of the region , most being returned by smallholders — some of them owner-occupiers — rather than labourers .
the number of sub-£2 assessments was primarily a [purpose] of the natural poverty of the region , most being returned by smallholders — some of them owner-occupiers — rather than labourers .

Guilds were formed to supplement the slender resources of benefices by financing additional services and so forth ; any friendly-society function was likely to be subsidiary , only a minority providing financial assistance for needy members .
guilds were formed to supplement the slender resources of benefices by financing additional services and so forth ; any friendly-society [purpose] was likely to be subsidiary , only a minority providing financial assistance for needy members .

In the normal way a fraternity held an annual social function , after its festival mass , to collect the stock which was forthwith paid over to the churchwardens , less any sum retained for guild purposes .
in the normal way a fraternity held an annual social [purpose] , after its festival mass , to collect the stock which was forthwith paid over to the churchwardens , less any sum retained for guild purposes .

Language , however , should take the form of dialogue : whereas the universality of reason means that it must necessarily renounce all singularity , and whereas language 's function in conceptualizing thought is to suppress the other and bring it within the aegis of the same , in dialogue language maintains the distance between the two ; ‘ their commerce ’ , as Levinas puts it , ‘ is ethical ’ .
language , however , should take the form of dialogue : whereas the universality of reason means that it must necessarily renounce all singularity , and whereas language 's [purpose] in conceptualizing thought is to suppress the other and bring it within the aegis of the same , in dialogue language maintains the distance between the two ; ‘ their commerce ’ , as levinas puts it , ‘ is ethical ’ .

Sartre 's existential Marxism , as Ronald Aronson has recently emphasized , was itself formulated in response to criticisms of the function of history in his work by the untimely post-war ‘ post-Marxist ’ , Maurice Merleau-ponty . In Adventures of the Dialectic ( 1955 ) , Merleau-Ponty accused the Sartre of The Communists and Peace ( 1952 ) of using an existentialist ontology to justify communism ‘ as a completely voluntary effort to go beyond , to destroy and to recreate history ’ :
sartre 's existential marxism , as ronald aronson has recently emphasized , was itself formulated in response to criticisms of the [purpose] of history in his work by the untimely post-war ‘ post-marxist ’ , maurice merleau-ponty . in adventures of the dialectic ( 1955 ) , merleau-ponty accused the sartre of the communists and peace ( 1952 ) of using an existentialist ontology to justify communism ‘ as a completely voluntary effort to go beyond , to destroy and to recreate history ’ :

In other words , Sartre 's attempt to combine Marxism with existentialist subjectivity can not resolve its difficulties through a shift from economism to history , for history implicitly continues to fulfil the same function anyway .
in other words , sartre 's attempt to combine marxism with existentialist subjectivity can not resolve its difficulties through a shift from economism to history , for history implicitly continues to fulfil the same [purpose] anyway .

Lévi-Strauss demonstrates this through his well-known discussion of the function of the category of time .
lévi-strauss demonstrates this through his well-known discussion of the [purpose] of the category of time .

In reality , it is to introduce as a solution a concept which itself poses a theoretical problem , for as it is adopted and understood it is an uncriticized concept , a concept which , like all ‘ obvious ’ concepts , threatens to have for theoretical content no more than the function that the existing or dominant ideology defines for it .
in reality , it is to introduce as a solution a concept which itself poses a theoretical problem , for as it is adopted and understood it is an uncriticized concept , a concept which , like all ‘ obvious ’ concepts , threatens to have for theoretical content no more than the [purpose] that the existing or dominant ideology defines for it .

This last description is often misunderstood : the point is that the economic is never a simple causal function that operates alone :
this last description is often misunderstood : the point is that the economic is never a simple causal [purpose] that operates alone :

If for Hegel historical time is the reflection in time of the essence of the historical totality , for Althusser it is a function of the structure of the totality arising from a particular mode of production .
if for hegel historical time is the reflection in time of the essence of the historical totality , for althusser it is a [purpose] of the structure of the totality arising from a particular mode of production .

In his early work we can see that Foucault 's position involves a remarkable development of Althusser 's hints that art can function as a privileged category that provides an ‘ internal distance ’ from ideology by relating histories , writing reports .
in his early work we can see that foucault 's position involves a remarkable development of althusser 's hints that art can [purpose] as a privileged category that provides an ‘ internal distance ’ from ideology by relating histories , writing reports .

We might therefore wonder whether its appearance in Foucault , far from being the result of theoretical ineptitude , does not involve simulacra , or ghostly bad copies , similarly designed to undermine the claims of theoretical mastery , and to produce in his texts surface-effects of the kind of heterogeneity we might expect from someone who had contested the unifying function of ‘ the author ’ .
we might therefore wonder whether its appearance in foucault , far from being the result of theoretical ineptitude , does not involve simulacra , or ghostly bad copies , similarly designed to undermine the claims of theoretical mastery , and to produce in his texts surface-effects of the kind of heterogeneity we might expect from someone who had contested the unifying [purpose] of ‘ the author ’ .

The prevailing sexual division of labour and function in the family and society at large is accepted and simply transferred to the world of politics .
the prevailing sexual division of labour and [purpose] in the family and society at large is accepted and simply transferred to the world of politics .

It did not worry about women 's invisibility precisely because it accepted prevailing views that politics should be left to men , that the proper forum for female participation is inevitably the family and that the main function of the politically competent woman is to socialise the children and to filter the needs of home and family into the political system .
it did not worry about women 's invisibility precisely because it accepted prevailing views that politics should be left to men , that the proper forum for female participation is inevitably the family and that the main [purpose] of the politically competent woman is to socialise the children and to filter the needs of home and family into the political system .

The Bedford Area Guardians Committee continued to function as a house committee .
the bedford area guardians committee continued to [purpose] as a house committee .

The programme that is devised for them will usually be geared largely towards communication skills and will probably include craft , drama , and life skills which thus serve a dual function .
the programme that is devised for them will usually be geared largely towards communication skills and will probably include craft , drama , and life skills which thus serve a dual [purpose] .

The pupil 's classroom and working groups ( how an individual 's behaviour may have a function for the whole group who may then try and prevent him from changing it ; how groups may be handled so as not to ‘ need ’ one child 's particular behaviour and instead support his progress )
the pupil 's classroom and working groups ( how an individual 's behaviour may have a [purpose] for the whole group who may then try and prevent him from changing it ; how groups may be handled so as not to ‘ need ’ one child 's particular behaviour and instead support his progress )

One of the exceptions was ‘ Management and the Special School ’ edited by Tony Bowers which devoted 17 pages to the governor 's function .
one of the exceptions was ‘ management and the special school ’ edited by tony bowers which devoted 17 pages to the governor 's [purpose] .

The question which immediately arises is : ‘ how do we report on a function which is entirely concerned with the wellbeing of individual pupils without breaking confidence ?
the question which immediately arises is : ‘ how do we report on a [purpose] which is entirely concerned with the wellbeing of individual pupils without breaking confidence ?

We simply took it for granted that women can function well in psychology in all kinds of settings , and we showed that they could by doing our work .
we simply took it for granted that women can [purpose] well in psychology in all kinds of settings , and we showed that they could by doing our work .

‘ How does one recognise the men who are worthy of assigning to man-the-instrument his role and function ?
‘ how does one recognise the men who are worthy of assigning to man-the-instrument his role and [purpose] ?

Instead , she argues for a socialization theory which sees the individual as ‘ a function of what people around her expect her to be , and what the over-all situation in which she is acting implies that she is ’ ( 1973 : 395 ) .
instead , she argues for a socialization theory which sees the individual as ‘ a [purpose] of what people around her expect her to be , and what the over-all situation in which she is acting implies that she is ’ ( 1973 : 395 ) .

The decomposition process is the function of a whole myriad of microscopically small living creatures , bacteria , which must have access to the fifth component , air .
the decomposition process is the [purpose] of a whole myriad of microscopically small living creatures , bacteria , which must have access to the fifth component , air .

To the extent that a soil fulfils this interdependent function , it is fertile , not so fertile , or not fertile at all .
to the extent that a soil fulfils this interdependent [purpose] , it is fertile , not so fertile , or not fertile at all .

The reception committee of mothers was always waiting , partly out of maternal duty , but mostly because those ten minutes on the village green filled the same gossiping function as ten minutes at the village pump had for earlier generations .
the reception committee of mothers was always waiting , partly out of maternal duty , but mostly because those ten minutes on the village green filled the same gossiping [purpose] as ten minutes at the village pump had for earlier generations .

Instead of using the Lasswellian framework for the study of the media 's effect on , say , individual voting preferences — namely , what is ‘ the effect of the media on the election ’ — Seymour-Ure suggests that one should rephrase the question as follows : ‘ What is the function of media in the electoral process ?
instead of using the lasswellian framework for the study of the media 's effect on , say , individual voting preferences — namely , what is ‘ the effect of the media on the election ’ — seymour-ure suggests that one should rephrase the question as follows : ‘ what is the [purpose] of media in the electoral process ?

Traditional media theory fails to provide any intellectual coherence , because it does not consider the changed circumstances within which the media function and it does not review the impact of a competitive , international , media system .
traditional media theory fails to provide any intellectual coherence , because it does not consider the changed circumstances within which the media [purpose] and it does not review the impact of a competitive , international , media system .

Handy had left McKinsey over the issue of the status of the executive search function within the organisation .
handy had left mckinsey over the issue of the status of the executive search [purpose] within the organisation .

Third , the personnel function within many companies was becoming more complex , with recruiting seen as increasingly time-consuming .
third , the personnel [purpose] within many companies was becoming more complex , with recruiting seen as increasingly time-consuming .

This was a function of the increasingly competitive international economy , and the crises which many stalwarts of British corporate life were facing .
this was a [purpose] of the increasingly competitive international economy , and the crises which many stalwarts of british corporate life were facing .

Many headhunters now specialise in the finance function , recruiting financial directors and financial controllers for a wide range of interests .
many headhunters now specialise in the finance [purpose] , recruiting financial directors and financial controllers for a wide range of interests .

Some organisations have developed their own executive search function internally to cope with their recruitment needs .
some organisations have developed their own executive search [purpose] internally to cope with their recruitment needs .

This was the first problem addressed in the following survey , which also asked the following questions : why do companies use headhunters instead of their own in-house recruiting facilities and personnel function ?
this was the first problem addressed in the following survey , which also asked the following questions : why do companies use headhunters instead of their own in-house recruiting facilities and personnel [purpose] ?

Why do companies use headhunters instead of their own in-house recruiting facilities and personnel function ?
why do companies use headhunters instead of their own in-house recruiting facilities and personnel [purpose] ?

Some , like Parsons ( 1962 ) saw this as a positive function of the law and its practitioners .
some , like parsons ( 1962 ) saw this as a positive [purpose] of the law and its practitioners .

The social control function of lawyers then takes on moral overtones .
the social control [purpose] of lawyers then takes on moral overtones .

Thus not only Johnson ( 1972 ) , but Rosenthal ( 1974 ) , Bankowski and Mungham ( 1976 ) , Foucault ( 1977 ) and Illich ( 1977 ) emphasise the controlling function of lawyers .
thus not only johnson ( 1972 ) , but rosenthal ( 1974 ) , bankowski and mungham ( 1976 ) , foucault ( 1977 ) and illich ( 1977 ) emphasise the controlling [purpose] of lawyers .

The century and a half of research that followed was largely fixated on testing out this hypothesis of ‘ localization of function ’ .
the century and a half of research that followed was largely fixated on testing out this hypothesis of ‘ localization of [purpose] ’ .

While some of the clearest evidence for localization of function came from neurological studies on humans with damaged or disturbed brains , some of the best evidence against it came from experimental studies on animals .
while some of the clearest evidence for localization of [purpose] came from neurological studies on humans with damaged or disturbed brains , some of the best evidence against it came from experimental studies on animals .

On the other hand , Flourens ( in Phillips , Zeki , and Barlow 1984 ) removed various parts of the forebrains of birds and found that the degree of disturbance of behaviour was very much more a function of how much brain was removed than which part was eliminated .
on the other hand , flourens ( in phillips , zeki , and barlow 1984 ) removed various parts of the forebrains of birds and found that the degree of disturbance of behaviour was very much more a [purpose] of how much brain was removed than which part was eliminated .

1984 ) was claiming that motor function invariably recovered from damage to the cerebral cortex .
1984 ) was claiming that motor [purpose] invariably recovered from damage to the cerebral cortex .

Ferrier showed that if the whole of this region was removed , then paralysis ensued , whereas sparing any of this region allowed the recovery of motor function .
ferrier showed that if the whole of this region was removed , then paralysis ensued , whereas sparing any of this region allowed the recovery of motor [purpose] .

In a highly dramatic demonstration during a meeting on localization function held in London in 1881 Ferrier demonstrated that the recovery of movement described by Goltz in his studies was due to sparing part of this motor cortex .
in a highly dramatic demonstration during a meeting on localization [purpose] held in london in 1881 ferrier demonstrated that the recovery of movement described by goltz in his studies was due to sparing part of this motor cortex .

For example , we are still concerned about localization of function and questions about the neural bases of consciousness are again being asked .
for example , we are still concerned about localization of [purpose] and questions about the neural bases of consciousness are again being asked .

This is exacerbated by the fact that there are some extremists who would argue that psychology is nothing but a crude way of approaching brain function that has been superseded by advances in physiological technique .
this is exacerbated by the fact that there are some extremists who would argue that psychology is nothing but a crude way of approaching brain [purpose] that has been superseded by advances in physiological technique .

The model told people what to look for both when doing psychophysical studies and when carrying out the direct measurements of receptor function all those years later .
the model told people what to look for both when doing psychophysical studies and when carrying out the direct measurements of receptor [purpose] all those years later .

Cells in sensory pathways usually increase or decrease the rate at which they produce action potentials as a function of the type of stimuli presented .
cells in sensory pathways usually increase or decrease the rate at which they produce action potentials as a [purpose] of the type of stimuli presented .

The time when scruples about extrapolating from studies on animals to humans would have seemed absurd , because it was widely held that basic behavioural processes were common to all species and that the complexity of behaviour was simply a function of the capacity of the organism to learn , is long since past .
the time when scruples about extrapolating from studies on animals to humans would have seemed absurd , because it was widely held that basic behavioural processes were common to all species and that the complexity of behaviour was simply a [purpose] of the capacity of the organism to learn , is long since past .

Homology is identified on the basis of a number of criteria , including the form of the tissue , its embryonic origins , its connections with other parts of the brain or body , and , to a lesser extent , its function .
homology is identified on the basis of a number of criteria , including the form of the tissue , its embryonic origins , its connections with other parts of the brain or body , and , to a lesser extent , its [purpose] .

Similarity of appearance and function that is not based on homology is known as analogy .
similarity of appearance and [purpose] that is not based on homology is known as analogy .

Finally , we can probably take advantage of variations in brain organization to understand the relationships between structure and function .
finally , we can probably take advantage of variations in brain organization to understand the relationships between structure and [purpose] .

Differences in neural organization must reflect differences in function .
differences in neural organization must reflect differences in [purpose] .

The approach involves identifying variations in the functioning of target areas and relating those variations to known differences in cortical function .
the approach involves identifying variations in the functioning of target areas and relating those variations to known differences in cortical [purpose] .

Once allowance has been made for variations in cortical function it should then be possible to identify the function of the subcortical area .
once allowance has been made for variations in cortical [purpose] it should then be possible to identify the [purpose] of the subcortical area .

This may sound frivolous , but it emphasizes the point that it is often far from clear what constitutes equivalent behavioural tasks when making comparisons between species , and this uncertainty creates problems for the comparative approach to brain function .
this may sound frivolous , but it emphasizes the point that it is often far from clear what constitutes equivalent behavioural tasks when making comparisons between species , and this uncertainty creates problems for the comparative approach to brain [purpose] .

Should we identify brain functions with components of psychological processes revealed in psychological studies or do we need a new set of concepts for describing brain function ?
should we identify brain functions with components of psychological processes revealed in psychological studies or do we need a new set of concepts for describing brain [purpose] ?

For example , a region of the brain that showed increased electrical activity during sexual behaviour , but not during other motivational processes or comparable movements , would have a sexual function ascribed .
for example , a region of the brain that showed increased electrical activity during sexual behaviour , but not during other motivational processes or comparable movements , would have a sexual [purpose] ascribed .

One of our goals is to describe the ‘ functions ’ of particular parts of the brain , but what is a ‘ function ’ ?
one of our goals is to describe the ‘ functions ’ of particular parts of the brain , but what is a ‘ [purpose] ’ ?

Is a function a psychological process or is it a neural process ?
is a [purpose] a psychological process or is it a neural process ?

There is a general consensus that psychological processes are a function of the whole brain , not of its constituent parts .
there is a general consensus that psychological processes are a [purpose] of the whole brain , not of its constituent parts .

It therefore makes no sense to say that ‘ memory ’ or ‘ perception ’ is the function of any part of the brain .
it therefore makes no sense to say that ‘ memory ’ or ‘ perception ’ is the [purpose] of any part of the brain .

If one were to suggest to an electronics engineer that he might want to study how a circuit works by pulling bits out and observing changes in function his reaction would probably be one of horror !
if one were to suggest to an electronics engineer that he might want to study how a circuit works by pulling bits out and observing changes in [purpose] his reaction would probably be one of horror !

Pull one part out and all of the others cease to function properly .
pull one part out and all of the others cease to [purpose] properly .

We would be unlikely to conclude that the function of that component was to inhibit the emission of high-pitched whines .
we would be unlikely to conclude that the [purpose] of that component was to inhibit the emission of high-pitched whines .

Others , like Weiskrantz ( 1968 ) and Dean ( 1980 ; 1982 ) , are much more sanguine and argue the brain is generally not interactive so that knowledge of what is lost after a lesion can be used to frame conclusions about the normal function of a region .
others , like weiskrantz ( 1968 ) and dean ( 1980 ; 1982 ) , are much more sanguine and argue the brain is generally not interactive so that knowledge of what is lost after a lesion can be used to frame conclusions about the normal [purpose] of a region .

In contrast , it is remarkable how little change in function there usually is when the brain is damaged .
in contrast , it is remarkable how little change in [purpose] there usually is when the brain is damaged .

The apparent persistence of behavioural function after brain damage may equally reflect the insensitivity of our methods of assessing function .
the apparent persistence of behavioural [purpose] after brain damage may equally reflect the insensitivity of our methods of assessing [purpose] .

Damage to a particular part of the brain affects one function while leaving all others intact .
damage to a particular part of the brain affects one [purpose] while leaving all others intact .

Specificity means that not only is a function lost or impaired after damage to one part of the brain but that it survives damage to other parts of the brain that , in turn , produces other effects .
specificity means that not only is a [purpose] lost or impaired after damage to one part of the brain but that it survives damage to other parts of the brain that , in turn , produces other effects .

Such a system will be highly resistant to the effects of damage to individual modules and will only begin to show marked alterations in function when a large proportion of the modules has been damaged .
such a system will be highly resistant to the effects of damage to individual modules and will only begin to show marked alterations in [purpose] when a large proportion of the modules has been damaged .

Moreover , the effects of damage will be much more a function of how many modules have been damaged than of which modules have been eliminated .
moreover , the effects of damage will be much more a [purpose] of how many modules have been damaged than of which modules have been eliminated .

In split-brain patients it has been shown that the left hemisphere retains language function , the right does not .
in split-brain patients it has been shown that the left hemisphere retains language [purpose] , the right does not .

They suggest the sorts of function an area might be involved in , and some degree of localization is possible by varying stimulation sites and finding the one that produces the largest response for the lowest level of stimulation .
they suggest the sorts of [purpose] an area might be involved in , and some degree of localization is possible by varying stimulation sites and finding the one that produces the largest response for the lowest level of stimulation .

Physiologists capitalized on this instrumentation to demonstrate that the electrical activity of the brain and its nerve cells was a function of what the individual was doing , or not doing , or how sensory receptors were stimulated .
physiologists capitalized on this instrumentation to demonstrate that the electrical activity of the brain and its nerve cells was a [purpose] of what the individual was doing , or not doing , or how sensory receptors were stimulated .

If representations depend on single units then changes in single cell electrical activity or overall metabolic activity can be fairly easily related to the function of the systems concerned ( Barlow 1985 ) .
if representations depend on single units then changes in single cell electrical activity or overall metabolic activity can be fairly easily related to the [purpose] of the systems concerned ( barlow 1985 ) .

Its job is to decide whether some change in activity in a cell reflects the presence of such an event or is simply a spontaneous change unrelated to function .
its job is to decide whether some change in activity in a cell reflects the presence of such an event or is simply a spontaneous change unrelated to [purpose] .

In other words , it is not enough that a cell should be more or less active ; the change must be sufficiently unusual statistically for it to function as a code .
in other words , it is not enough that a cell should be more or less active ; the change must be sufficiently unusual statistically for it to [purpose] as a code .

One of the most exciting developments in recent years has been the degree of convergence between models of visual function built up by computer scientists trying to figure out how to build machines that can see and physiologists trying to work out what different parts of the visual system do .
one of the most exciting developments in recent years has been the degree of convergence between models of visual [purpose] built up by computer scientists trying to figure out how to build machines that can see and physiologists trying to work out what different parts of the visual system do .

The optic tract projects to a number of anatomically distinct regions in the brainstem , each of which makes a unique contribution to visual function .
the optic tract projects to a number of anatomically distinct regions in the brainstem , each of which makes a unique contribution to visual [purpose] .

Deficits in visual function following subcortical visual system lesions have been reported many times but it is difficult to interpret them .
deficits in visual [purpose] following subcortical visual system lesions have been reported many times but it is difficult to interpret them .

The strength of each was a function of three variables ; the strategic tasks to be carried out , numbers ( weapons and equipment did not differ importantly ) , and the level of organization and training .
the strength of each was a [purpose] of three variables ; the strategic tasks to be carried out , numbers ( weapons and equipment did not differ importantly ) , and the level of organization and training .

For all the truth of these points , and for all the striking contrasts , military production would appear to function more as a favoured section of the economy than as a separate one .
for all the truth of these points , and for all the striking contrasts , military production would appear to [purpose] more as a favoured section of the economy than as a separate one .

( Growth rates of two per cent per annum , as experienced by Poland after 1978 , do not produce EEC-style sluggishness , but breakdowns in deliveries and services and factories unable to function for want of necessary parts . )
( growth rates of two per cent per annum , as experienced by poland after 1978 , do not produce eec-style sluggishness , but breakdowns in deliveries and services and factories unable to [purpose] for want of necessary parts . )

Perhaps we had best ask ourselves why our political institutions function as they do .
perhaps we had best ask ourselves why our political institutions [purpose] as they do .

Opinion divides further over staffing arrangements : in the opinion of most authorities a function performed almost exclusively by the General Staff .
opinion divides further over staffing arrangements : in the opinion of most authorities a [purpose] performed almost exclusively by the general staff .

At the present state the historic function of the Soviet Armed Forces is not restricted to their function in defending our Motherland and the other socialist countries .
at the present state the historic [purpose] of the soviet armed forces is not restricted to their [purpose] in defending our motherland and the other socialist countries .

Whether the cisterns were purely for water supply or had some ritual function as well is open to question .
whether the cisterns were purely for water supply or had some ritual [purpose] as well is open to question .

The architecture of the great Minoan temples is too large and complex a subject to deal with here , and a discussion of the temples ' religious function is reserved for Chapter 6 below .
the architecture of the great minoan temples is too large and complex a subject to deal with here , and a discussion of the temples ' religious [purpose] is reserved for chapter 6 below .

What its function was and what relationship it bore to the building-complex which then stood on the site of the later temple has yet to be established .
what its [purpose] was and what relationship it bore to the building-complex which then stood on the site of the later temple has yet to be established .

The architectural parallels are numerous and striking enough for us to assume that the large buildings at Phaistos and Knossos had a similar function .
the architectural parallels are numerous and striking enough for us to assume that the large buildings at phaistos and knossos had a similar [purpose] .

The Knossos Labyrinth ( Castleden 1989 ) gives a detailed account of the temple 's design and function .
the knossos labyrinth ( castleden 1989 ) gives a detailed account of the temple 's design and [purpose] .

The interior walls were covered with elaborate frescoes depicting scenes from mythology and ritual , scenes of bull-leaping , processions of tribute-bearers and religious emblems , all designed to emphasize the building 's religious dedication and to sign the function of individual rooms .
the interior walls were covered with elaborate frescoes depicting scenes from mythology and ritual , scenes of bull-leaping , processions of tribute-bearers and religious emblems , all designed to emphasize the building 's religious dedication and to sign the [purpose] of individual rooms .

To begin with , a very large number of the objects recovered from archaeological sites had a ritual function , and many of the images carved on sealstones and painted on wall plaster and pottery show religious symbols , rituals , or mythic events .
to begin with , a very large number of the objects recovered from archaeological sites had a ritual [purpose] , and many of the images carved on sealstones and painted on wall plaster and pottery show religious symbols , rituals , or mythic events .

We may eventually come to think in terms of a Minoan Universal Spirit , which manifested itself in many different transformations , each with a different name , character , and function , and which yet somehow was regarded as a single deity .
we may eventually come to think in terms of a minoan universal spirit , which manifested itself in many different transformations , each with a different name , character , and [purpose] , and which yet somehow was regarded as a single deity .

They were used to store the very large volume of offerings and tribute that came in from the townspeople and from the people living in the surrounding countryside ; administrating the inflow and redistribution of this temple tribute was a major function of the Minoan temple .
they were used to store the very large volume of offerings and tribute that came in from the townspeople and from the people living in the surrounding countryside ; administrating the inflow and redistribution of this temple tribute was a major [purpose] of the minoan temple .

The Temple Tomb was evidently a very special tomb , but its precise original function seems to be impossible to ascertain .
the temple tomb was evidently a very special tomb , but its precise original [purpose] seems to be impossible to ascertain .

They also want to move from single function , stand alone and relatively simple to administer departmental or small solutions , to corporate wide , integrated and larger versions which will be harder to administer .
they also want to move from single [purpose] , stand alone and relatively simple to administer departmental or small solutions , to corporate wide , integrated and larger versions which will be harder to administer .

Selective pressures for a system of communication of this kind might have produced , through different mutations for new behaviour , a different dance or indeed wholly different behaviour types , serving the same function .
selective pressures for a system of communication of this kind might have produced , through different mutations for new behaviour , a different dance or indeed wholly different behaviour types , serving the same [purpose] .

Bruising , it is reasonable to suppose , has never served the adaptive function of informing others that the body has been hurt .
bruising , it is reasonable to suppose , has never served the adaptive [purpose] of informing others that the body has been hurt .

Dingwall concludes further from what he describes as ‘ abundant evidence ’ about structure and function , that human and ape vocalisations are not homologous .
dingwall concludes further from what he describes as ‘ abundant evidence ’ about structure and [purpose] , that human and ape vocalisations are not homologous .

The latter is more efficient and can be thought of by analogy with the translation of , say , a whole poem in English by a whole poem in Chinese ( perhaps by pound ) , with no line-to-line correspondence , but only an overall ‘ sameness of meaning or function ’ ; whereas , on an ‘ interpretation ’ view , a Chinese poem would be constructed by a line-by-line translation of the English one .
the latter is more efficient and can be thought of by analogy with the translation of , say , a whole poem in english by a whole poem in chinese ( perhaps by pound ) , with no line-to-line correspondence , but only an overall ‘ sameness of meaning or [purpose] ’ ; whereas , on an ‘ interpretation ’ view , a chinese poem would be constructed by a line-by-line translation of the english one .

But the levels , in the original description , all have the same function .
but the levels , in the original description , all have the same [purpose] .

They then show how these discriminatory procedures could come to function as the semantic anchoring of our lexicon .
they then show how these discriminatory procedures could come to [purpose] as the semantic anchoring of our lexicon .

Instead , Marx argues that the needs of individuals are a function of their social environment .
instead , marx argues that the needs of individuals are a [purpose] of their social environment .

But on the other hand he is said to have posited a trio of practices , which fulfil the same function in his own account .
but on the other hand he is said to have posited a trio of practices , which fulfil the same [purpose] in his own account .

We are demanding to know whether they can function as independent variables in the explanations of events and states of affairs , or whether they are always dependent ones .
we are demanding to know whether they can [purpose] as independent variables in the explanations of events and states of affairs , or whether they are always dependent ones .

Ideologies do not just appear in societies ; their function is to legitimate practices , and they are formulated for this purpose .
ideologies do not just appear in societies ; their [purpose] is to legitimate practices , and they are formulated for this purpose .

But this epistemology itself is parasitic upon other practices , which serve the same ideological function .
but this epistemology itself is parasitic upon other practices , which serve the same ideological [purpose] .

The function of ideological practice is not to ‘ deceive ’ ready-made subjects , but to constitute individuals as subjects .
the [purpose] of ideological practice is not to ‘ deceive ’ ready-made subjects , but to constitute individuals as subjects .

Because he believes that the ‘ political instance ’ , which in capitalist societies can be identified as the state , is a function of its relations with the other instances of the structured whole , Poulantzas concludes that there can be no such theory .
because he believes that the ‘ political instance ’ , which in capitalist societies can be identified as the state , is a [purpose] of its relations with the other instances of the structured whole , poulantzas concludes that there can be no such theory .

‘ In point of fact , the hegemonic function has often been distinct from the governing class or function , and is so today in certain social formations .
‘ in point of fact , the hegemonic [purpose] has often been distinct from the governing class or [purpose] , and is so today in certain social formations .

Furthermore , it does not show that these are class interests , any more than the enumeration of cases shows that the government systematically protects the interests of what Poulantzas calls the hegemonic function of capital .
furthermore , it does not show that these are class interests , any more than the enumeration of cases shows that the government systematically protects the interests of what poulantzas calls the hegemonic [purpose] of capital .

The state acts as a mediator , aiming to reconcile the contradictory forces and interests of the society so that it is able to function and reproduce itself .
the state acts as a mediator , aiming to reconcile the contradictory forces and interests of the society so that it is able to [purpose] and reproduce itself .

Furthermore , because the state fulfils this function , the contradictions of the formation are ‘ condensed ’ in its own structure , so that it can be used as a sort of map of society at large .
furthermore , because the state fulfils this [purpose] , the contradictions of the formation are ‘ condensed ’ in its own structure , so that it can be used as a sort of map of society at large .

But this does not explain the state 's overall function , ; for even when it is controlled by officials drawn from other classes , it continues to serve the political interest of the hegemonic fraction .
but this does not explain the state 's overall [purpose] , ; for even when it is controlled by officials drawn from other classes , it continues to serve the political interest of the hegemonic fraction .

The general function of the state as an instrument of social cohesion presumably justifies the assumption that its form will be tailored to an existing set of structures and class practices .
the general [purpose] of the state as an instrument of social cohesion presumably justifies the assumption that its form will be tailored to an existing set of structures and class practices .

Some of Poulantzas ' own claims seem prone to this sort of problem : the hegemonal position of a class , for instance , is a function of its economic , political and ideological roles , of the form of the state , of its relations with other classes and functions , and the state of the class struggle .
some of poulantzas ' own claims seem prone to this sort of problem : the hegemonal position of a class , for instance , is a [purpose] of its economic , political and ideological roles , of the form of the state , of its relations with other classes and functions , and the state of the class struggle .

Rather , Poulantzas says , ‘ What makes them function concretely as a distinct class , as a social force , is in fact the historical phenomenon of Bonapartism ’ , thus seeming to imply that the two are interconnected in such a way that each can only exist in conjunction with the other .
rather , poulantzas says , ‘ what makes them [purpose] concretely as a distinct class , as a social force , is in fact the historical phenomenon of bonapartism ’ , thus seeming to imply that the two are interconnected in such a way that each can only exist in conjunction with the other .

We still have to ask how these are related , and how they function .
we still have to ask how these are related , and how they [purpose] .

In other species , there are behavioural drives the function of which is to avoid inbreeding .
in other species , there are behavioural drives the [purpose] of which is to avoid inbreeding .

It indeed relates to the suggested function of that inhibition , but that fact will not explain how the prohibition which is explicitly against in-breeding will have arisen .
it indeed relates to the suggested [purpose] of that inhibition , but that fact will not explain how the prohibition which is explicitly against in-breeding will have arisen .

In one of the two cases we have considered — incest — the prohibition is paradoxically related to pre-cultural dispositions : it expresses their function , but not their content .
in one of the two cases we have considered — incest — the prohibition is paradoxically related to pre-cultural dispositions : it expresses their [purpose] , but not their content .

This perhaps gives a special force to the Voltairean remark about the function of language being to conceal thought .
this perhaps gives a special force to the voltairean remark about the [purpose] of language being to conceal thought .

Not only would the creature regenerate severed scraps of its body into new limbs , not only would gobbets of its substance give rise to more of it , but in some fashion — through the medium of the warp — its substance could remain connected together , could still function as a unit even when slashed apart .
not only would the creature regenerate severed scraps of its body into new limbs , not only would gobbets of its substance give rise to more of it , but in some fashion — through the medium of the warp — its substance could remain connected together , could still [purpose] as a unit even when slashed apart .

Now Jaq understood the function of that helmet he had seen the Governor wearing out at the spaceport under the open sky .
now jaq understood the [purpose] of that helmet he had seen the governor wearing out at the spaceport under the open sky .

‘ In chosen instances , ’ Firenze had revealed , ‘ the total human population of the galaxy will be compelled to function as one mighty mind .
‘ in chosen instances , ’ firenze had revealed , ‘ the total human population of the galaxy will be compelled to [purpose] as one mighty mind .

However , there is a useful terminology to hand in the distinction between purpose , which betrays intent , and function , which does not .
however , there is a useful terminology to hand in the distinction between purpose , which betrays intent , and [purpose] , which does not .

The various organs of the body do not function in isolation , but are mutually dependent on the activities of each other … This kind of coordination can only be studied on whole animals , and could never even be guessed at from … experiments on tissue culture . ( Smyth 1978 : 26–7 )
the various organs of the body do not [purpose] in isolation , but are mutually dependent on the activities of each other … this kind of coordination can only be studied on whole animals , and could never even be guessed at from … experiments on tissue culture . ( smyth 1978 : 26–7 )

Families which function well together need to take time with each other .
families which [purpose] well together need to take time with each other .

The command that Christians should be salt and light in whatever aspect of society they function ( Matt .
the command that christians should be salt and light in whatever aspect of society they [purpose] ( matt .

It is important to understand this context of Paul 's teaching , for a deep understanding of the adequacy of Christ is the setting in which these relationships are meant to function and grow .
it is important to understand this context of paul 's teaching , for a deep understanding of the adequacy of christ is the setting in which these relationships are meant to [purpose] and grow .

In a close relationship , the anger of one is a function of both .
in a close relationship , the anger of one is a [purpose] of both .

But high street use differs greatly from technical use in the hills , where getting the right balance between warmth , weight and function are critical .
but high street use differs greatly from technical use in the hills , where getting the right balance between warmth , weight and [purpose] are critical .

For the rest of us wanting function as well as fashion , they measure up fairly well .
for the rest of us wanting [purpose] as well as fashion , they measure up fairly well .

The Baltoro comes in a variety of single colours , aiming for a market more interested in function than fashion .
the baltoro comes in a variety of single colours , aiming for a market more interested in [purpose] than fashion .

So much for fashion , what about function ?
so much for fashion , what about [purpose] ?

To enable propliners to maintain their unique niche in the world of air transport , permitting that bottom line to function , the ability to get total support for their powerplants is paramount .
to enable propliners to maintain their unique niche in the world of air transport , permitting that bottom line to [purpose] , the ability to get total support for their powerplants is paramount .

This result is inevitable if we classify topics using only one dimension , such as function .
this result is inevitable if we classify topics using only one dimension , such as [purpose] .

classify according to the type of processing , rather than function .
classify according to the type of processing , rather than [purpose] .

New parents may need some information in understanding the developmental progress of bowel function .
new parents may need some information in understanding the developmental progress of bowel [purpose] .

The ‘ double rows ’ function is used to produce lace and therefore thought must be given , when choosing a stitch pattern for lace , to the height of the pattern ( row repeat ) which , when the ‘ double rows ’ function is applied , could produce a larger , bolder pattern than you had anticipated .
the ‘ double rows ’ [purpose] is used to produce lace and therefore thought must be given , when choosing a stitch pattern for lace , to the height of the pattern ( row repeat ) which , when the ‘ double rows ’ [purpose] is applied , could produce a larger , bolder pattern than you had anticipated .

Choose your stitch pattern and apply the function ‘ double rows ’ .
choose your stitch pattern and apply the [purpose] ‘ double rows ’ .

It probably also served the function of reuniting the party against a common threat .
it probably also served the [purpose] of reuniting the party against a common threat .

Skinner argued that behaviour occurs as a function of previous experiences and that , given a clear understanding of the contingent relations between the environment and a specific behaviour in the past , it is possible to predict , with a very high degree of accuracy , the conditions under which that behaviour will occur in the future .
skinner argued that behaviour occurs as a [purpose] of previous experiences and that , given a clear understanding of the contingent relations between the environment and a specific behaviour in the past , it is possible to predict , with a very high degree of accuracy , the conditions under which that behaviour will occur in the future .

Once experimental control achieved in laboratory conditions made it possible to demonstrate that the strength of specific behaviours was indeed a function of environmental events , it seemed reasonable to describe such events as reinforcers .
once experimental control achieved in laboratory conditions made it possible to demonstrate that the strength of specific behaviours was indeed a [purpose] of environmental events , it seemed reasonable to describe such events as reinforcers .

This is a basic assumption for the child to recognise that a single word might be realised in different forms , depending on its grammatical function .
this is a basic assumption for the child to recognise that a single word might be realised in different forms , depending on its grammatical [purpose] .

An important function of assessment is that it can help determine the extent to which a child 's language is subject to changes over time .
an important [purpose] of assessment is that it can help determine the extent to which a child 's language is subject to changes over time .

It also means creating opportunities for interaction , either verbal or non-verbal , which reflect the child 's command of the functional characteristics of language ( for a description of language structure , content and function , the reader is referred to Chapters 1 , 2 and 3 ) .
it also means creating opportunities for interaction , either verbal or non-verbal , which reflect the child 's command of the functional characteristics of language ( for a description of language structure , content and [purpose] , the reader is referred to chapters 1 , 2 and 3 ) .

Structure , meaning and function in language assessment
structure , meaning and [purpose] in language assessment

Conversely , in the second account , there is too much emphasis on individual knowledge and too little emphasis given to the way in which individual abilities vary as a function of the social and physical context .
conversely , in the second account , there is too much emphasis on individual knowledge and too little emphasis given to the way in which individual abilities vary as a [purpose] of the social and physical context .

Znaniecki was able to introduce a ‘ conscious agent ’ and ‘ norms of thinking ’ with which to investigate the socially inscribed function in relation to knowledge of individuals ( as in The Social Role of the Man of Knowledge — the title of Znaniecki 's 1940 book ) .
znaniecki was able to introduce a ‘ conscious agent ’ and ‘ norms of thinking ’ with which to investigate the socially inscribed [purpose] in relation to knowledge of individuals ( as in the social role of the man of knowledge — the title of znaniecki 's 1940 book ) .

Merton for example discusses the social role of the intellectual in public bureaucracy — the ‘ technological ’ wing of social science where the social function of the individual introduces a bias which becomes apparent to the objective scientist .
merton for example discusses the social role of the intellectual in public bureaucracy — the ‘ technological ’ wing of social science where the social [purpose] of the individual introduces a bias which becomes apparent to the objective scientist .

The function of this sentiment is likewise to preserve the autonomy of science … .
the [purpose] of this sentiment is likewise to preserve the autonomy of science … .

Values , he argues , select problems and attach significance to items of knowledge and so constitute a basis of meaning that is tied to the social function of knowledge .
values , he argues , select problems and attach significance to items of knowledge and so constitute a basis of meaning that is tied to the social [purpose] of knowledge .

This in turn describes the function of the individual in relation to society — any agency attributed to the individual is subordinated to the maintenance of social structure .
this in turn describes the [purpose] of the individual in relation to society — any agency attributed to the individual is subordinated to the maintenance of social structure .

Language , like consciousness , is a function of practical activity or labour and constitutes its extension into a social form .
language , like consciousness , is a [purpose] of practical activity or labour and constitutes its extension into a social form .

The state has a function , the reproduction of relations ( or agents ) of production , that the ISAs fulfil .
the state has a [purpose] , the reproduction of relations ( or agents ) of production , that the isas fulfil .

This scheme in which power operates uniformly in direction and function , echoes economistic versions of the mechanics of ideology .
this scheme in which power operates uniformly in direction and [purpose] , echoes economistic versions of the mechanics of ideology .

The theory of the ISAs would indeed be very crude if Althusser left it at that but he completes the essay with a discussion of ideology , the mode in which the ISAs function .
the theory of the isas would indeed be very crude if althusser left it at that but he completes the essay with a discussion of ideology , the mode in which the isas [purpose] .

( as the study of the symbolic function , expressed in language , so strikingly indicates ) — it is necessary and sufficient to grasp the unconscious structure underlying each institution and each custom , in order to obtain a principle of interpretation valid for other institutions and other customs , provided of course that the analysis is carried far enough . ( Lévi-Strauss 1968 : 21 )
( as the study of the symbolic [purpose] , expressed in language , so strikingly indicates ) — it is necessary and sufficient to grasp the unconscious structure underlying each institution and each custom , in order to obtain a principle of interpretation valid for other institutions and other customs , provided of course that the analysis is carried far enough . ( lévi-strauss 1968 : 21 )

The rhythmic dancing , the ritual gestures , the professionalism of the stripper all function to de-eroticize the process which for Barthes is a ‘ meticulous exorcism of sex ’ ( Barthes 1973 : 86 ) .
the rhythmic dancing , the ritual gestures , the professionalism of the stripper all [purpose] to de-eroticize the process which for barthes is a ‘ meticulous exorcism of sex ’ ( barthes 1973 : 86 ) .

The result is to address the issue of the social role of the signifying system ; what is the function of the avunculate kinship relation , the Oedipus myth , the Parisian striptease ?
the result is to address the issue of the social role of the signifying system ; what is the [purpose] of the avunculate kinship relation , the oedipus myth , the parisian striptease ?

When she and her husband have the chance to attend a ball , a rather grand function , she borrows an exquisite necklace from an acquaintance .
when she and her husband have the chance to attend a ball , a rather grand [purpose] , she borrows an exquisite necklace from an acquaintance .

It 's function in helping to remove toxins from the bloodstream is useful in most illnesses .
it 's [purpose] in helping to remove toxins from the bloodstream is useful in most illnesses .

These bacteria are termed aerobic , meaning they require oxygen to function and trickle filters are ideal because they rely upon the surrounding atmosphere for this oxygen — not the water in the aquarium as is the case with submerged filtration systems .
these bacteria are termed aerobic , meaning they require oxygen to [purpose] and trickle filters are ideal because they rely upon the surrounding atmosphere for this oxygen — not the water in the aquarium as is the case with submerged filtration systems .

They reproduce what we might call Harding 's ‘ Spanish village syndrome ’ or Carol Gilligan 's ‘ different voice ’ , constructing women to function best in the private domain and men in the public one .
they reproduce what we might call harding 's ‘ spanish village syndrome ’ or carol gilligan 's ‘ different voice ’ , constructing women to [purpose] best in the private domain and men in the public one .

The idea that femaleness is part of the definition of the word wife seems relatively reasonable ; but questions arise when one considers that — as we noted above — gender seems to be a conceptual component in many unrelated lexical items ; and that oppositions often function covertly as hierarchies , which means it may not be a neutral fact that this system represents women as the negative of men .
the idea that femaleness is part of the definition of the word wife seems relatively reasonable ; but questions arise when one considers that — as we noted above — gender seems to be a conceptual component in many unrelated lexical items ; and that oppositions often [purpose] covertly as hierarchies , which means it may not be a neutral fact that this system represents women as the negative of men .

Our friends from Harvard might reply that there is still nothing sexist about the convention , and the triumph of he might even reflect its ‘ naturalness ’ for the function the prescriptivists laid down for it .
our friends from harvard might reply that there is still nothing sexist about the convention , and the triumph of he might even reflect its ‘ naturalness ’ for the [purpose] the prescriptivists laid down for it .

The linguistic practices we have been considering have a function over and above simply ‘ reflecting cultural beliefs ’ about the inferiority and sexual nature of women .
the linguistic practices we have been considering have a [purpose] over and above simply ‘ reflecting cultural beliefs ’ about the inferiority and sexual nature of women .

In other words , the proliferation of terms that function as sexual slurs on women 's reputation is used as a weapon to keep women in line .
in other words , the proliferation of terms that [purpose] as sexual slurs on women 's reputation is used as a weapon to keep women in line .

The function of the weaving brushes is to push the yarn into the correct position so that it is laid in to the knitted fabric .
the [purpose] of the weaving brushes is to push the yarn into the correct position so that it is laid in to the knitted fabric .

DesignaKnit has a very helpful function which lets you decide what the maximum allowable float length ( in stitches ) can be .
designaknit has a very helpful [purpose] which lets you decide what the maximum allowable float length ( in stitches ) can be .

The function of the family as the principle and necessary carer was recognised by policy makers from at least 1948 onwards .
the [purpose] of the family as the principle and necessary carer was recognised by policy makers from at least 1948 onwards .

Social workers were given specific help in identifying their function to find ways to keep old people at home who might otherwise have gone into a residential home .
social workers were given specific help in identifying their [purpose] to find ways to keep old people at home who might otherwise have gone into a residential home .

, 1984 ) helped to clarify how informal care networks function .
, 1984 ) helped to clarify how informal care networks [purpose] .

The social worker should do a bio-psychosocial assessment taking a careful look at any disruption in the elderly person 's capacity to function and to cope , particularly if there has been a health cause to precipitate a referral .
the social worker should do a bio-psychosocial assessment taking a careful look at any disruption in the elderly person 's capacity to [purpose] and to cope , particularly if there has been a health cause to precipitate a referral .

In Scotland the Registered Establishments ( Scotland ) Act ( 1987 ) fulfils the same function .
in scotland the registered establishments ( scotland ) act ( 1987 ) fulfils the same [purpose] .

‘ We walked out to show them that good manners matter and when a function says 8pm it does not mean 9pm .
‘ we walked out to show them that good manners matter and when a [purpose] says 8pm it does not mean 9pm .

If we turned up an hour late for a function in England we would be hammered by everybody .
if we turned up an hour late for a [purpose] in england we would be hammered by everybody .

‘ Our game revolves around him and the backs just could n't function without him . ’
‘ our game revolves around him and the backs just could n't [purpose] without him . ’

Driving through unfamiliar London streets had been nerve-racking enough — vehicles and flashing lights seemed to be coming at him from all angles — but with two kidnap victims in the back , his brain refused to function rationally .
driving through unfamiliar london streets had been nerve-racking enough — vehicles and flashing lights seemed to be coming at him from all angles — but with two kidnap victims in the back , his brain refused to [purpose] rationally .

From the endless , pathetic ‘ creative hours ’ of kindergarten to the most abstruse problems in sociology and anthropology , the function of education is to prevent the truly creative intellect from getting out of hand .
from the endless , pathetic ‘ creative hours ’ of kindergarten to the most abstruse problems in sociology and anthropology , the [purpose] of education is to prevent the truly creative intellect from getting out of hand .

The function keys allow you to call up a variety of viewpoints but , despite this , it was sometimes hard to tell what was going on .
the [purpose] keys allow you to call up a variety of viewpoints but , despite this , it was sometimes hard to tell what was going on .

Self-image , its origins , its present restrictive function and its future debilitative consequences are important elements in an individual 's life , and gaining an understanding of them is vital .
self-image , its origins , its present restrictive [purpose] and its future debilitative consequences are important elements in an individual 's life , and gaining an understanding of them is vital .

Both their establishment and function suggest an element of ageism — that older people themselves are not capable of organizing and deciding appropriate agendas .
both their establishment and [purpose] suggest an element of ageism — that older people themselves are not capable of organizing and deciding appropriate agendas .

For groups to function at this level , opportunity has to be given for full social contact between members , and the emphasis has to be placed not on activity , but on group interaction .
for groups to [purpose] at this level , opportunity has to be given for full social contact between members , and the emphasis has to be placed not on activity , but on group interaction .

The primary task in the early stages of group formation is to create a safe environment which provides individuals with secure boundaries in which they are able to function .
the primary task in the early stages of group formation is to create a safe environment which provides individuals with secure boundaries in which they are able to [purpose] .

One significant difference is when an ‘ illness ’ has a starting date , or when the decline in energy or function can be pinpointed to a particular time .
one significant difference is when an ‘ illness ’ has a starting date , or when the decline in energy or [purpose] can be pinpointed to a particular time .

Their reduced renal function makes the build-up of drugs within the body more likely , and their tolerance of high doses lower .
their reduced renal [purpose] makes the build-up of drugs within the body more likely , and their tolerance of high doses lower .

We have fulfilled our biological function .
we have fulfilled our biological [purpose] .

Up until the mid twentieth century , the obvious ( and copious ) loss of fluid from the body via the gastrointestinal tract had led to the assumption that diarrhoeal diseases rendered the alimentary canal completely incapable of performing its proper function of absorbing ingested fluid and nutrients .
up until the mid twentieth century , the obvious ( and copious ) loss of fluid from the body via the gastrointestinal tract had led to the assumption that diarrhoeal diseases rendered the alimentary canal completely incapable of performing its proper [purpose] of absorbing ingested fluid and nutrients .

Hawkins required a computer to ‘ decode ’ Stonehenge , showing its function as an astronomical observatory
hawkins required a computer to ‘ decode ’ stonehenge , showing its [purpose] as an astronomical observatory

None of these animals have the sort of intelligence that would enable them to function as successful human beings ( ignoring the physical differences ) , but then we would not seem to have the kind of intelligence that would enable us to operate successfully in their environments .
none of these animals have the sort of intelligence that would enable them to [purpose] as successful human beings ( ignoring the physical differences ) , but then we would not seem to have the kind of intelligence that would enable us to operate successfully in their environments .

One idea is that we pick up all sorts of information during our waking hours without being consciously aware that we are doing so ; the function of dreaming is to allow our brain to process all this information at the unconscious level .
one idea is that we pick up all sorts of information during our waking hours without being consciously aware that we are doing so ; the [purpose] of dreaming is to allow our brain to process all this information at the unconscious level .

Another , closely related , hypothesis is that at the end of each day we have in our unconscious a sort of ragbag of bits and pieces of experience which our conscious mind has not had the time , opportunity or inclination to process ; once again , the function of the dream is to deal with this material .
another , closely related , hypothesis is that at the end of each day we have in our unconscious a sort of ragbag of bits and pieces of experience which our conscious mind has not had the time , opportunity or inclination to process ; once again , the [purpose] of the dream is to deal with this material .

It can help to divide the list up into sections — your personality , how you function at work , how you deal with relationships .
it can help to divide the list up into sections — your personality , how you [purpose] at work , how you deal with relationships .

You may regard the ‘ talk ’ you do at work as mainly having this function ; a lot of people do .
you may regard the ‘ talk ’ you do at work as mainly having this [purpose] ; a lot of people do .

Perhaps you regard the main function of talk to be giving information directly and honestly .
perhaps you regard the main [purpose] of talk to be giving information directly and honestly .

If you can find meaning and reason for what you do and a sense of useful function , then your job will seem significant .
if you can find meaning and reason for what you do and a sense of useful [purpose] , then your job will seem significant .

Using a wedding bouquet as an example , and assuming that you are either attending the function or collecting the bouquet afterwards , you should make up a simple box , such as the one shown in the photograph .
using a wedding bouquet as an example , and assuming that you are either attending the [purpose] or collecting the bouquet afterwards , you should make up a simple box , such as the one shown in the photograph .

As Bill has sharpened his image to match his growing political fortunes , so Hillary cast aside her intellectual reserve to transform herself from a dowdy schoolma'am type in heavy glasses to a glamorous , designer-dressed head-turner who would grace any State function .
as bill has sharpened his image to match his growing political fortunes , so hillary cast aside her intellectual reserve to transform herself from a dowdy schoolma'am type in heavy glasses to a glamorous , designer-dressed head-turner who would grace any state [purpose] .

That way the Clinton message was spread across the nation without Hillary obviously out-playing the traditional wife function .
that way the clinton message was spread across the nation without hillary obviously out-playing the traditional wife [purpose] .

The attack happened as the multi-racial golf club hosted a wine-tasting function .
the attack happened as the multi-racial golf club hosted a wine-tasting [purpose] .

This probably misconstrues the function of patriotic sentiment .
this probably misconstrues the [purpose] of patriotic sentiment .

Although plants vary so greatly in their shape , function and general appearance , the cellulose molecule is the same in all .
although plants vary so greatly in their shape , [purpose] and general appearance , the cellulose molecule is the same in all .

To be fair , these materials performed a useful function for a time in the propellers of Spitfires and similar aircraft .
to be fair , these materials performed a useful [purpose] for a time in the propellers of spitfires and similar aircraft .

She says : ‘ It is a very valuable function because it helps people who are unemployed or have just been made redundant to do something which is worthwhile .
she says : ‘ it is a very valuable [purpose] because it helps people who are unemployed or have just been made redundant to do something which is worthwhile .

Certainly , part of our function is to entertain .
certainly , part of our [purpose] is to entertain .

‘ How to never feel out of place at a social function ’ ( get drunk ? )
‘ how to never feel out of place at a social [purpose] ’ ( get drunk ? )

Our hospitals are so short of cash thanks to the shortsightedness of the Government that it 's a wonder hospitals function as well as they do .
our hospitals are so short of cash thanks to the shortsightedness of the government that it 's a wonder hospitals [purpose] as well as they do .

But why does this event persist in subjecting us to long rows of tap dancers , a breed of people whose only function in life is to display the disgusting effects of sweat and sequins under neon ?
but why does this event persist in subjecting us to long rows of tap dancers , a breed of people whose only [purpose] in life is to display the disgusting effects of sweat and sequins under neon ?

He explained : ‘ Gazza would not have been able to function the way he did against Turkey without Paul Ince and Carlton Palmer because they had a very important job to do .
he explained : ‘ gazza would not have been able to [purpose] the way he did against turkey without paul ince and carlton palmer because they had a very important job to do .

Our client has been making regular visits to the property , usually at weekends , during which he maintains it as well as performing a security function .
our client has been making regular visits to the property , usually at weekends , during which he maintains it as well as performing a security [purpose] .

For 1990/91 , as in previous years , this loan relief limit was £30,000 and therefore the pro-rata function would be £30,000 over £40,000 times the total gross interest paid .
for 1990/91 , as in previous years , this loan relief limit was £30,000 and therefore the pro-rata [purpose] would be £30,000 over £40,000 times the total gross interest paid .

The opposite view is expressed by Arthur Andersen , which would like to see the supervisory function of NEDs spelled out and encouragement given to experimentation with alternative forms of corporate governance , including two-tier boards .
the opposite view is expressed by arthur andersen , which would like to see the supervisory [purpose] of neds spelled out and encouragement given to experimentation with alternative forms of corporate governance , including two-tier boards .

Some companies have dispensed with the middle management function altogether .
some companies have dispensed with the middle management [purpose] altogether .

The manager is a specialist whose function is to improve processes or a corporate function ’ .
the manager is a specialist whose [purpose] is to improve processes or a corporate [purpose] ’ .

This Bill provides for the establishment of an Accounting Standards Review Board , whose principal function will be the approval of accounting standards .
this bill provides for the establishment of an accounting standards review board , whose principal [purpose] will be the approval of accounting standards .

The proposals include : setting up a system of area judicial debt recovery tribunals by upgrading the debt recovery function of County Courts to the level of District Registries of the High Court ; putting County Court bailiffs on to a results-based salary similar to that of High Court bailiffs ; and putting a £500 ceiling on County Court bad debt claims , with larger claims going to the High Court where better results can be achieved .
the proposals include : setting up a system of area judicial debt recovery tribunals by upgrading the debt recovery [purpose] of county courts to the level of district registries of the high court ; putting county court bailiffs on to a results-based salary similar to that of high court bailiffs ; and putting a £500 ceiling on county court bad debt claims , with larger claims going to the high court where better results can be achieved .

As Caparo showed , there had to be a specific relationship between the function that the defendant was requested to perform and the transaction in relation to which the plaintiff said he had relied on proper performance .
as caparo showed , there had to be a specific relationship between the [purpose] that the defendant was requested to perform and the transaction in relation to which the plaintiff said he had relied on proper performance .

It is the deepest wish of the author , a member of the Wildlife Association of Southern India , that this embargo will become a permanent situation and that a national consciousness will not permit the continued destruction of the Cobra , which performs not only a biologically and environmentally essential function but exists as a symbol of life itself .
it is the deepest wish of the author , a member of the wildlife association of southern india , that this embargo will become a permanent situation and that a national consciousness will not permit the continued destruction of the cobra , which performs not only a biologically and environmentally essential [purpose] but exists as a symbol of life itself .

This clockwise movement is called ‘ Pradakshina ’ and indicates a natural evolutionary function .
this clockwise movement is called ‘ pradakshina ’ and indicates a natural evolutionary [purpose] .

When all of the five senses function in harmony , ‘ well-being ’ is the result .
when all of the five senses [purpose] in harmony , ‘ well-being ’ is the result .

On many important icons , precious gems relating to the colour and function of each chakra are used instead of metal .
on many important icons , precious gems relating to the colour and [purpose] of each chakra are used instead of metal .

It also has a tradition and a function that is paramount within the community .
it also has a tradition and a [purpose] that is paramount within the community .

Descartes ( 1596–1650 ) , French philosopher and mathematician , taught that space must be filled with something because empty space would fulfil no function , which is contrary to the perfection of Nature 's design which shows throughout the Universe that anything without purpose should not exist .
descartes ( 1596–1650 ) , french philosopher and mathematician , taught that space must be filled with something because empty space would fulfil no [purpose] , which is contrary to the perfection of nature 's design which shows throughout the universe that anything without purpose should not exist .

The following account of one of the more unusual uses of coils further illustrates this function .
the following account of one of the more unusual uses of coils further illustrates this [purpose] .

The ‘ intellect ’ is seen as a function for the direct apprehension of images — to illumine the products of sensory and mental activity , to distinguish , and this is aligned to the thought processes which offer seemingly fragmented views of reality , being centred on objectivity .
the ‘ intellect ’ is seen as a [purpose] for the direct apprehension of images — to illumine the products of sensory and mental activity , to distinguish , and this is aligned to the thought processes which offer seemingly fragmented views of reality , being centred on objectivity .

This function is considered as the supreme power of consciousness in operation in the individual , both aspects forming the dual functioning of the mind .
this [purpose] is considered as the supreme power of consciousness in operation in the individual , both aspects forming the dual functioning of the mind .

To exist and survive , a living system must have access to other levels of function and other mechanisms beyond those embraced by present physics , electro-magnetics and biochemistry , otherwise the natural steady progress towards entropy or disintegration would soon reduce all living systems to a state in which they could no longer reproduce the clear patterns of their own kind .
to exist and survive , a living system must have access to other levels of [purpose] and other mechanisms beyond those embraced by present physics , electro-magnetics and biochemistry , otherwise the natural steady progress towards entropy or disintegration would soon reduce all living systems to a state in which they could no longer reproduce the clear patterns of their own kind .

It is not so neat because people , irrespective of their function and status in the enterprise , have minds , can feel , think , and have subjective experiences of the world of work on which they base their behaviour .
it is not so neat because people , irrespective of their [purpose] and status in the enterprise , have minds , can feel , think , and have subjective experiences of the world of work on which they base their behaviour .

The first two define the person and then his behaviour but the third defines action , first , and then the qualities needed to carry out the function of truce-making .
the first two define the person and then his behaviour but the third defines action , first , and then the qualities needed to carry out the [purpose] of truce-making .

To be sure , as Willis demonstrates above , people develop their own cultures which will have the function of providing a sense of worth for themselves collectively .
to be sure , as willis demonstrates above , people develop their own cultures which will have the [purpose] of providing a sense of worth for themselves collectively .

The difficulty was that the courts were unable to function effectively .
the difficulty was that the courts were unable to [purpose] effectively .

When the government , with the intention of circumventing petition-drawers , proposed legislation to require all criminal plaints to be presented personally , some judicial officials argued that not all petition-drawers were dishonest , and that they served a function in the judicial system because there were too many complaints for magistrates to settle without help .
when the government , with the intention of circumventing petition-drawers , proposed legislation to require all criminal plaints to be presented personally , some judicial officials argued that not all petition-drawers were dishonest , and that they served a [purpose] in the judicial system because there were too many complaints for magistrates to settle without help .

Some British officials hoped that the judicial system would gradually gain acceptance and function as intended , but there was little opportunity for Sri Lankans to observe the principles which lay behind the rule of law .
some british officials hoped that the judicial system would gradually gain acceptance and [purpose] as intended , but there was little opportunity for sri lankans to observe the principles which lay behind the rule of law .

Headmen did not consistently function as exponents of the rule of law when carrying out their duties .
headmen did not consistently [purpose] as exponents of the rule of law when carrying out their duties .

At the courts the same function was performed by touts , petition-drawers and proctors .
at the courts the same [purpose] was performed by touts , petition-drawers and proctors .

That they were usually successful indicates that the thieves understood the workings of the colonial bureaucracy , and that government did not function in the way intended by higher officials .
that they were usually successful indicates that the thieves understood the workings of the colonial bureaucracy , and that government did not [purpose] in the way intended by higher officials .

But since he can think only of a few things at a time , the routine function of his noble gift of reason must be to correct spontaneous reactions and keep them running in an intelligent direction .
but since he can think only of a few things at a time , the routine [purpose] of his noble gift of reason must be to correct spontaneous reactions and keep them running in an intelligent direction .

The man of reason is becoming reconciled to admitting that the function of his reason is critical , that it is not itself the initiator of what it judges to be best in him .
the man of reason is becoming reconciled to admitting that the [purpose] of his reason is critical , that it is not itself the initiator of what it judges to be best in him .

Suffering happens , is not chosen , is a ‘ misfortune ’ ; shall we say that , since by nature attention quickens only as a function of the organism striving towards its goals , the optimum of internal and external stimulation to awareness can be only a matter of chance ?
suffering happens , is not chosen , is a ‘ misfortune ’ ; shall we say that , since by nature attention quickens only as a [purpose] of the organism striving towards its goals , the optimum of internal and external stimulation to awareness can be only a matter of chance ?

The problem , as with inclination in the case of questions of value , is whether reason ever quite lifts itself out of reach of spontaneous analogizations , or whether its function remains limited to organizing , criticizing and choosing between them .
the problem , as with inclination in the case of questions of value , is whether reason ever quite lifts itself out of reach of spontaneous analogizations , or whether its [purpose] remains limited to organizing , criticizing and choosing between them .

By transferring undermanaged assets to more effective use , whether internal or external , they perform a useful social function .
by transferring undermanaged assets to more effective use , whether internal or external , they perform a useful social [purpose] .

Rabbit can be used as a cordless phone in the home or office , and , via a digital technology called telepoint , will also function as a limited mobile — or portable — phone .
rabbit can be used as a cordless phone in the home or office , and , via a digital technology called telepoint , will also [purpose] as a limited mobile — or portable — phone .

‘ The audit function should be carried out by the Court of Auditors in a similar way to that adopted by the principal auditor of a multinational group of companies which has a number of foreign subsidiary companies .
‘ the audit [purpose] should be carried out by the court of auditors in a similar way to that adopted by the principal auditor of a multinational group of companies which has a number of foreign subsidiary companies .

The need to sift and correct the information put out by companies adds cost and uncertainty to the market 's pricing function .
the need to sift and correct the information put out by companies adds cost and uncertainty to the market 's pricing [purpose] .

Unfortunately for Brooks , the potential market share for the Beast is likely to be about as high as that enjoyed by the Land Rover , which is really a function of its specialist design rather than any deficiency in the shoe .
unfortunately for brooks , the potential market share for the beast is likely to be about as high as that enjoyed by the land rover , which is really a [purpose] of its specialist design rather than any deficiency in the shoe .

It is known that St. Leonard 's Priory had some academic function , for in the fourteenth century it was partly used as a study centre for young monks , possibly preparing them for their degree courses at Oxford .
it is known that st. leonard 's priory had some academic [purpose] , for in the fourteenth century it was partly used as a study centre for young monks , possibly preparing them for their degree courses at oxford .

This teaching function , though , declined sharply after 1380 with the establishment of Durham College at Oxford .
this teaching [purpose] , though , declined sharply after 1380 with the establishment of durham college at oxford .

Unfortunately he was , in their opinion , such an indifferent speaker as to render ‘ an evangelist 's principal function wholly impossible ’ .
unfortunately he was , in their opinion , such an indifferent speaker as to render ‘ an evangelist 's principal [purpose] wholly impossible ’ .

How you decide on the assembly order is very much a matter of personal judgement , but the principles of shot to shot continuity , the function of cutaways , and the ordering of your material into a logical progression of images which tell a story , all follow the same rules as for in-camera editing .
how you decide on the assembly order is very much a matter of personal judgement , but the principles of shot to shot continuity , the [purpose] of cutaways , and the ordering of your material into a logical progression of images which tell a story , all follow the same rules as for in-camera editing .

The first of the three lamps is referred to as the backlight , and its function is to provide a rim of light from behind the subject in order to separate it from the background .
the first of the three lamps is referred to as the backlight , and its [purpose] is to provide a rim of light from behind the subject in order to separate it from the background .

Its function is to reduce the harshness of the modelling and to lighten the shadow areas .
its [purpose] is to reduce the harshness of the modelling and to lighten the shadow areas .

In the past only two of the group 's nine divisions had an internal audit function ; now all of the nine divisions are subject to internal audit discipline .
in the past only two of the group 's nine divisions had an internal audit [purpose] ; now all of the nine divisions are subject to internal audit discipline .

Graham Ward , the Price Waterhouse partner on the Prudential audit and vice-chairman of the Institute 's Auditing Committee , says : ‘ The more efficient a company 's accounting function might be , the less time it should take to do the audit .
graham ward , the price waterhouse partner on the prudential audit and vice-chairman of the institute 's auditing committee , says : ‘ the more efficient a company 's accounting [purpose] might be , the less time it should take to do the audit .

When Carello Lighting ran into this problem , it looked to Ambit Research 's Ark modelling package to reduce the size of the data and increase the function of the model at one fell swoop , while retaining the ability to produce spreadsheet-like outputs .
when carello lighting ran into this problem , it looked to ambit research 's ark modelling package to reduce the size of the data and increase the [purpose] of the model at one fell swoop , while retaining the ability to produce spreadsheet-like outputs .

Where in the past this tended to be a self-contained exercise — and perhaps more obviously artificial because of it — the pattern nowadays is for the group treasury function to be moved offshore en bloc .
where in the past this tended to be a self-contained exercise — and perhaps more obviously artificial because of it — the pattern nowadays is for the group treasury [purpose] to be moved offshore en bloc .

The auditor 's function requires independence in fact and a perception by all that independence really exists .
the auditor 's [purpose] requires independence in fact and a perception by all that independence really exists .

From 1 January 1994 underwriting agents will only be permitted to act as combined agents with Council consent if the agent has not more than 100 members , or it appears that the members ' agency function is sufficiently autonomous , or in the case of a combined agent whose members ' agency function is limited to run-off , it appears to be in members ' interests .
from 1 january 1994 underwriting agents will only be permitted to act as combined agents with council consent if the agent has not more than 100 members , or it appears that the members ' agency [purpose] is sufficiently autonomous , or in the case of a combined agent whose members ' agency [purpose] is limited to run-off , it appears to be in members ' interests .

On the eastern extremity of the county , the Royal Military Canal was built in 1804 from Rye to Shorncliffe in Kent ; its function was not for transport but to provide a moat across the flat marshlands where invasion was most expected .
on the eastern extremity of the county , the royal military canal was built in 1804 from rye to shorncliffe in kent ; its [purpose] was not for transport but to provide a moat across the flat marshlands where invasion was most expected .

She has demanded an explanation from Mr Lamont who was ‘ too busy ’ to attend the function .
she has demanded an explanation from mr lamont who was ‘ too busy ’ to attend the [purpose] .

Having sworn allegiance to the sovereign on 15 October , the Volunteers then had a special function to perform two weeks later : they were out in force at Divine Service on 29 November , forming a focal point for a day of General Thanksgiving for the glorious victories achieved by His Majesty 's troops by land and sea .
having sworn allegiance to the sovereign on 15 october , the volunteers then had a special [purpose] to perform two weeks later : they were out in force at divine service on 29 november , forming a focal point for a day of general thanksgiving for the glorious victories achieved by his majesty 's troops by land and sea .

But another quite plausible explanation presents itself : here was a lady whose role in life was changing , whose function as a mother and whose status — if we may call it that — as a widow were becoming things of the past .
but another quite plausible explanation presents itself : here was a lady whose role in life was changing , whose [purpose] as a mother and whose status — if we may call it that — as a widow were becoming things of the past .

He surfaces in different places from time to time : there he is at St Mary 's church in Finchley , North London , witnessing the marriage of sister Bessie and Alf Davidge in 1907 , then appearing as if from nowhere to perform the same function for Gertie and Frederick Foxwell in Norwich in 1911 .
he surfaces in different places from time to time : there he is at st mary 's church in finchley , north london , witnessing the marriage of sister bessie and alf davidge in 1907 , then appearing as if from nowhere to perform the same [purpose] for gertie and frederick foxwell in norwich in 1911 .

If these forms were not internalized as habitual mental patterns independent of thought , they could not be readily accessed and language could not function effectively as a means of thinking and communicating .
if these forms were not internalized as habitual mental patterns independent of thought , they could not be readily accessed and language could not [purpose] effectively as a means of thinking and communicating .

effective learning would appear to be a function of the relationship between formal instructional and natural use .
effective learning would appear to be a [purpose] of the relationship between formal instructional and natural use .

After all , this accuracy order might be a function of this particular test design , or of the particular groups of subjects .
after all , this accuracy order might be a [purpose] of this particular test design , or of the particular groups of subjects .

By a kind of rational conjuring , this is taken to mean that there is a natural order of internalization for these forms , a function in all probability of a universal Chomskyan Language Acquisition Device .
by a kind of rational conjuring , this is taken to mean that there is a natural order of internalization for these forms , a [purpose] in all probability of a universal chomskyan language acquisition device .

While the monitoring function is clearly an interesting and important aspect of language learning and language use , one feels it deserves to be represented as a complex and subtle activity , responsive to a variety of social and psychological pressures . ( 1983 : 231 )
while the monitoring [purpose] is clearly an interesting and important aspect of language learning and language use , one feels it deserves to be represented as a complex and subtle activity , responsive to a variety of social and psychological pressures . ( 1983 : 231 )

Yet the idea is frequently interpreted to mean simply the ability to produce spoken utterances which are marked for illocutionary function : promising , warning , recommending , agreeing , predicting , and so on .
yet the idea is frequently interpreted to mean simply the ability to produce spoken utterances which are marked for illocutionary [purpose] : promising , warning , recommending , agreeing , predicting , and so on .

Wilkins ' proposals , for example , have been widely taken to sanction the teaching of more or less fixed phrases as standard expressions of function ( requesting , inviting , describing , agreeing , disagreeing , etc . )
wilkins ' proposals , for example , have been widely taken to sanction the teaching of more or less fixed phrases as standard expressions of [purpose] ( requesting , inviting , describing , agreeing , disagreeing , etc . )

To begin with , the term notion is itself a cause of some confusion since it has been interpreted in different ways in relation to its companion function .
to begin with , the term notion is itself a cause of some confusion since it has been interpreted in different ways in relation to its companion [purpose] .

Conversely , Halliday uses the term function to refer to the formal encoding of meaning within a grammar ( see , for example , Halliday 1985 ) .
conversely , halliday uses the term [purpose] to refer to the formal encoding of meaning within a grammar ( see , for example , halliday 1985 ) .

ln this semantico-grammatical sense the term function incorporates notions .
ln this semantico-grammatical sense the term [purpose] incorporates notions .

Let us clarify matters by using the term notion to refer to what Wilkins calls semantico-grammatical categories , and function to refer uniquely to what Wilkins calls categories of communicative function .
let us clarify matters by using the term notion to refer to what wilkins calls semantico-grammatical categories , and [purpose] to refer uniquely to what wilkins calls categories of communicative [purpose] .

What is novel in notional/functional proposals is the comprehensive inclusion , within syllabus specification , of what Wilkins calls ‘ categories of communicative function ’ .
what is novel in notional/functional proposals is the comprehensive inclusion , within syllabus specification , of what wilkins calls ‘ categories of communicative [purpose] ’ .

The crucial question that arises here , therefore , is how the given categories of grammar which constitute the content units of a structural syllabus are to be associated with the new categories of communicative function : in other words , how ( to use Halliday 's terms this time ) the meaning potential intrinsic in language form gets realized in the pragmatic achievement of meaning .
the crucial question that arises here , therefore , is how the given categories of grammar which constitute the content units of a structural syllabus are to be associated with the new categories of communicative [purpose] : in other words , how ( to use halliday 's terms this time ) the meaning potential intrinsic in language form gets realized in the pragmatic achievement of meaning .

Its relativity is a function of degrees of cultural affinity , the extent to which the informing disposition of the researcher is shared by others within the community to which he belongs .
its relativity is a [purpose] of degrees of cultural affinity , the extent to which the informing disposition of the researcher is shared by others within the community to which he belongs .

Similarly do occurs as a lexical verb but also as a purely grammatical element whose function is to carry tense and negation for the lexical verb .
similarly do occurs as a lexical verb but also as a purely grammatical element whose [purpose] is to carry tense and negation for the lexical verb .

Thing is a lexical item , it is a grammatical ‘ function ’ word , but they are hardly to be distinguished in terms of degree of generality .
thing is a lexical item , it is a grammatical ‘ [purpose] ’ word , but they are hardly to be distinguished in terms of degree of generality .

One can indeed see in pidginized forms based on English this kind of assignment of grammatical function to lexical items of high conceptual generality .
one can indeed see in pidginized forms based on english this kind of assignment of grammatical [purpose] to lexical items of high conceptual generality .

Similarly , in Melanesian pidgin , the grammatical function of possession is signalled by a derived form from the lexical item belong as in :
similarly , in melanesian pidgin , the grammatical [purpose] of possession is signalled by a derived form from the lexical item belong as in :

Another point that might be made about the relationship between the ‘ form-words ’ of grammar and the ‘ full words ’ of lexis is that it follows from the kind of auxiliary , context-complementary function of grammar being proposed here that the proportional occurrence of these words will vary in different kinds of discourse .
another point that might be made about the relationship between the ‘ form-words ’ of grammar and the ‘ full words ’ of lexis is that it follows from the kind of auxiliary , context-complementary [purpose] of grammar being proposed here that the proportional occurrence of these words will vary in different kinds of discourse .

With regard to description , computer analysis of text provides the means for identifying these expressions since their normality is a function of their occurrence as holistic units .
with regard to description , computer analysis of text provides the means for identifying these expressions since their normality is a [purpose] of their occurrence as holistic units .

As with the other grammatical devices we have been considering , the function of the article is to set contextual co-ordinates in a way which narrows down the range of inference .
as with the other grammatical devices we have been considering , the [purpose] of the article is to set contextual co-ordinates in a way which narrows down the range of inference .

Such a suggestion is , of course , entirely consistent with the ideas about the function of grammar as outlined in this chapter .
such a suggestion is , of course , entirely consistent with the ideas about the [purpose] of grammar as outlined in this chapter .

Learners need to realize the function of the device as a way of mediating between words and contexts , as a powerful resource for the purposeful achievement of meaning .
learners need to realize the [purpose] of the device as a way of mediating between words and contexts , as a powerful resource for the purposeful achievement of meaning .

If we refer to linguistic knowledge , the internalization of the symbolic function of signs , systemic knowledge , then we can think of the realization of meaning in actual language use as a matter of taking bearings on two points of reference : systemic knowledge on the one hand and schematic knowledge on the other .
if we refer to linguistic knowledge , the internalization of the symbolic [purpose] of signs , systemic knowledge , then we can think of the realization of meaning in actual language use as a matter of taking bearings on two points of reference : systemic knowledge on the one hand and schematic knowledge on the other .

‘ The historical resistance of the expectations gap , ’ it says , ‘ points to something more than just an ‘ ignorance' ’ gap and suggests there exists scope for the profession to respond more actively to the views and demands of those relying on the audit function . ’
‘ the historical resistance of the expectations gap , ’ it says , ‘ points to something more than just an ‘ ignorance' ’ gap and suggests there exists scope for the profession to respond more actively to the views and demands of those relying on the audit [purpose] . ’

The relevant words are ‘ he causes a computer to perform any function with intent to secure access to any program or data held in any computer ’ .
the relevant words are ‘ he causes a computer to perform any [purpose] with intent to secure access to any program or data held in any computer ’ .

Therefore s 1(1) was contravened when , as happened in the present case , a person caused a computer to perform a function with intent to secure unauthorised access to any program or data held in the same computer .
therefore s 1(1) was contravened when , as happened in the present case , a person caused a computer to perform a [purpose] with intent to secure unauthorised access to any program or data held in the same computer .

In none of these cases could it be said that if a person entered the premises and caused a computer to exercise a function so as to reveal information , there had been access via one computer to another .
in none of these cases could it be said that if a person entered the premises and caused a computer to exercise a [purpose] so as to reveal information , there had been access via one computer to another .

At one extreme was the suggestion that at least 40 weeks of the training period should be spent acquiring the necessary accounting skills ; at the other , that there should be no requirement to record accounting separately on the grounds that it was adequately covered within the auditing function .
at one extreme was the suggestion that at least 40 weeks of the training period should be spent acquiring the necessary accounting skills ; at the other , that there should be no requirement to record accounting separately on the grounds that it was adequately covered within the auditing [purpose] .

Women had relationships with relatives which were close in terms of the frequency of contact , but which did not form the basis of a confiding relationship ; similarly , they had relationships in which there was quite a high degree of practical inter-dependence which did not function as very close in the confiding sense .
women had relationships with relatives which were close in terms of the frequency of contact , but which did not form the basis of a confiding relationship ; similarly , they had relationships in which there was quite a high degree of practical inter-dependence which did not [purpose] as very close in the confiding sense .

Square root of the fractional variance in mass density per unit ln k ( equation ( 5 ) ) as a function of ln k .
square root of the fractional variance in mass density per unit ln k ( equation ( 5 ) ) as a [purpose] of ln k .

It is important to determine whether Bcl-2 blocks c-Myc-induced proliferation as well as apoptosis : the synergy between c-Myc and Bcl-2 can easily be rationalized if Bcl-2 blocks only the apoptotic function of c-Myc and leaves its mitogenic activity unaffected .
it is important to determine whether bcl-2 blocks c-myc-induced proliferation as well as apoptosis : the synergy between c-myc and bcl-2 can easily be rationalized if bcl-2 blocks only the apoptotic [purpose] of c-myc and leaves its mitogenic activity unaffected .

Isotopic compositions of continental intraplate mantle-derived magmas commonly vary as a function of lithospheric age .
isotopic compositions of continental intraplate mantle-derived magmas commonly vary as a [purpose] of lithospheric age .

The actin cable provides a novel way for epidermal cells to coordinate their activities so as to close gaps , fulfilling their function as a self-repairing barrier layer .
the actin cable provides a novel way for epidermal cells to coordinate their activities so as to close gaps , fulfilling their [purpose] as a self-repairing barrier layer .

The dissociation between severe left neglect and intact figure-ground segregation strongly supports recent models of normal visual function , which postulate a preattentive segregation stage providing candidate objects to a subsequent attentional stage .
the dissociation between severe left neglect and intact figure-ground segregation strongly supports recent models of normal visual [purpose] , which postulate a preattentive segregation stage providing candidate objects to a subsequent attentional stage .

Using the correlations now established between phenotype and function , lymphocytes may be divided in order to investigate lifespan further .
using the correlations now established between phenotype and [purpose] , lymphocytes may be divided in order to investigate lifespan further .

For alkali adsorption on transition metals , the work function initially falls rapidly with increasing alkali metal coverage , then passes through a minimum , and finally increases to that of the alkali metal itself .
for alkali adsorption on transition metals , the work [purpose] initially falls rapidly with increasing alkali metal coverage , then passes through a minimum , and finally increases to that of the alkali metal itself .

The adhesion function of IgSF members is believed to predate their role in antigen recognition .
the adhesion [purpose] of igsf members is believed to predate their role in antigen recognition .

The amount of total inorganic bromine was taken to be a linear function of the amount of total inorganic chlorine constrained by high-latitude measurements .
the amount of total inorganic bromine was taken to be a linear [purpose] of the amount of total inorganic chlorine constrained by high-latitude measurements .

These adaptations indicate upper arm and elbow function similar to that of the living great apes , with below-branch arboreal adaptations and elbow joints modified for stability ; this might be evidence of a relationship , although the absence of some of these characters in Sivapithecus may invalidate this conclusion .
these adaptations indicate upper arm and elbow [purpose] similar to that of the living great apes , with below-branch arboreal adaptations and elbow joints modified for stability ; this might be evidence of a relationship , although the absence of some of these characters in sivapithecus may invalidate this conclusion .

Evidence that this open conformation of the active centre is involved in protein function is provided by the site-directed mutagenesis study of HPr from Escherichia coli , in which it was found that a Gln51 Glu mutation decreased phosphotransferase activity by 90 % ( ref .
evidence that this open conformation of the active centre is involved in protein [purpose] is provided by the site-directed mutagenesis study of hpr from escherichia coli , in which it was found that a gln51 glu mutation decreased phosphotransferase activity by 90 % ( ref .

The shield of Pituriaspis was long , sutureless and pierced by triangular openings , of unknown function , on either side of the eyes .
the shield of pituriaspis was long , sutureless and pierced by triangular openings , of unknown [purpose] , on either side of the eyes .

The presence of normal or reverse polarity magnetizations is not a function of the magnetic phase dominating the remanence .
the presence of normal or reverse polarity magnetizations is not a [purpose] of the magnetic phase dominating the remanence .

Although the masses m of the two objects can not be determined uniquely , some information can be obtained from the mass function , calculated from only two observables , the projected pulsar semi-major axis a p sin i , and the orbital period , where subscripts p and c refer to the pulsar and companion respectively and i is the unknown inclination angle of the orbit to the plane of the sky .
although the masses m of the two objects can not be determined uniquely , some information can be obtained from the mass [purpose] , calculated from only two observables , the projected pulsar semi-major axis a p sin i , and the orbital period , where subscripts p and c refer to the pulsar and companion respectively and i is the unknown inclination angle of the orbit to the plane of the sky .

To assess this objectively , we fitted the power spectra to the following function where is the power spectral density at frequency .
to assess this objectively , we fitted the power spectra to the following [purpose] where is the power spectral density at frequency .

What is equally important to know , however , is how these genes have either been co-opted or have changed their function , not only among metazoan phyla but in their protistan ancestors .
what is equally important to know , however , is how these genes have either been co-opted or have changed their [purpose] , not only among metazoan phyla but in their protistan ancestors .

Therefore , in cells that have no mtDNA ( termed cells ) , the electron-transport chain can not function and the cells can not carry out oxidative phosphorylation .
therefore , in cells that have no mtdna ( termed cells ) , the electron-transport chain can not [purpose] and the cells can not carry out oxidative phosphorylation .

To be certain that the and /bcl-2 cells that we studied lacked a functional respiratory chain , we tested their respiratory function in two ways .
to be certain that the and /bcl-2 cells that we studied lacked a functional respiratory chain , we tested their respiratory [purpose] in two ways .

Critical viscosity separating thermal boundary layers that retain crystals from those from which the crystals can escape is shown as a function of temperature difference driving convection .
critical viscosity separating thermal boundary layers that retain crystals from those from which the crystals can escape is shown as a [purpose] of temperature difference driving convection .

Such ‘ staircase ’ signatures are common in cusp ion precipitation and have been used to calculate the reconnection rate as a function of time .
such ‘ staircase ’ signatures are common in cusp ion precipitation and have been used to calculate the reconnection rate as a [purpose] of time .

Protein-tyrosine kinases function as central switching mechanisms in these pathways by catalysing the phosphorylation of tyrosine residues in specific target proteins ( for review , see ref .
protein-tyrosine kinases [purpose] as central switching mechanisms in these pathways by catalysing the phosphorylation of tyrosine residues in specific target proteins ( for review , see ref .

Ganglion cell density as a function of eccentricity along the nasal axis .
ganglion cell density as a [purpose] of eccentricity along the nasal axis .

The dots represent the original data ; the smooth line represents a function of the form ( where x is eccentricity ; a 1 -a 3 , l 1 -l 3 are constants ) fitted to the data using a least-squares method .
the dots represent the original data ; the smooth line represents a [purpose] of the form ( where x is eccentricity ; a 1 -a 3 , l 1 -l 3 are constants ) fitted to the data using a least-squares method .

Ganglion cell density as function of eccentricity along the temporal , dorsal and ventral axes .
ganglion cell density as [purpose] of eccentricity along the temporal , dorsal and ventral axes .

The dots represent the original data ; the lines represent the same function ( equation ( 1 ) ) transformed by using known anisotropy to scale x .
the dots represent the original data ; the lines represent the same [purpose] ( equation ( 1 ) ) transformed by using known anisotropy to scale x .

There is also a possibility of detecting brightness variations as a function of orbital phase if the sub-pulsar point of the companion star is illuminated by high energy pulsar radiation .
there is also a possibility of detecting brightness variations as a [purpose] of orbital phase if the sub-pulsar point of the companion star is illuminated by high energy pulsar radiation .

In semelparous forms , which breed only once , there is often a sudden loss of function after reproduction ; adult mayflies live for less than a week , and male Pacific salmon show catastrophic senescence after their single breeding attempt .
in semelparous forms , which breed only once , there is often a sudden loss of [purpose] after reproduction ; adult mayflies live for less than a week , and male pacific salmon show catastrophic senescence after their single breeding attempt .

Survival , l ( x ) , and fertility , m ( x ) , in the two sexes , as a function of time since eclosion , for lines of Drosophila melanogaster which had been selected for early or late reproduction .
survival , l ( x ) , and fertility , m ( x ) , in the two sexes , as a [purpose] of time since eclosion , for lines of drosophila melanogaster which had been selected for early or late reproduction .

And is the difference between a ‘ process ’ and a ‘ function ’ anything more than a semantic quibble ?
and is the difference between a ‘ process ’ and a ‘ [purpose] ’ anything more than a semantic quibble ?

And what is ‘ right ’ here , or for one function , may be wrong there , or for another .
and what is ‘ right ’ here , or for one [purpose] , may be wrong there , or for another .

Of crucial importance is an ‘ unwritten contract ’ between staff and prisoners , the primary function of which is ‘ to get people sensibly through their sentences ’ ( Jenkins 1987 : 270 ) .
of crucial importance is an ‘ unwritten contract ’ between staff and prisoners , the primary [purpose] of which is ‘ to get people sensibly through their sentences ’ ( jenkins 1987 : 270 ) .

The cause of cleanliness has , however , not suffered because the function has been reintroduced , with strong safeguards .
the cause of cleanliness has , however , not suffered because the [purpose] has been reintroduced , with strong safeguards .

In an age in which the Church was living and functioning largely within more or less liberal , democratic societies and in which defence mechanisms such as the Index of forbidden books had ceased effectively to function , it was no longer possible to insulate Catholic society mentally from the world around it .
in an age in which the church was living and functioning largely within more or less liberal , democratic societies and in which defence mechanisms such as the index of forbidden books had ceased effectively to [purpose] , it was no longer possible to insulate catholic society mentally from the world around it .

The other ‘ disappointments ’ during the final week of the third session ( known as la settimana nera ) , such as the last-minute papally imposed amendments to the decree ‘ on Ecumenism ’ , had a similar function : to make the text more acceptable to the minority .
the other ‘ disappointments ’ during the final week of the third session ( known as la settimana nera ) , such as the last-minute papally imposed amendments to the decree ‘ on ecumenism ’ , had a similar [purpose] : to make the text more acceptable to the minority .

Here one sees the function of the primacy as holding in balance the different tendencies which always threaten to tear the Church apart .
here one sees the [purpose] of the primacy as holding in balance the different tendencies which always threaten to tear the church apart .

In the work of Bottomley and Coleman ( 1981 ) criminal statistics are so much a function of highly variable administrative practices that they seem almost incapable of telling us anything about anything .
in the work of bottomley and coleman ( 1981 ) criminal statistics are so much a [purpose] of highly variable administrative practices that they seem almost incapable of telling us anything about anything .

Not only did it designate the nature and appearance of crime , but it also reappeared as causally implicated : in both classical criminology and the new deviance perspective , the amount of crime was primarily a function of the operations of the criminal justice system .
not only did it designate the nature and appearance of crime , but it also reappeared as causally implicated : in both classical criminology and the new deviance perspective , the amount of crime was primarily a [purpose] of the operations of the criminal justice system .

Two separate ones have been proposed : the ‘ boundary-maintaining ’ function , and the ‘ adaptive ’ function .
two separate ones have been proposed : the ‘ boundary-maintaining ’ [purpose] , and the ‘ adaptive ’ [purpose] .

The boundary-maintaining function , as stated by Erikson , says that crime and the response it evokes provide the essential function of defining and maintaining the moral boundaries of society .
the boundary-maintaining [purpose] , as stated by erikson , says that crime and the response it evokes provide the essential [purpose] of defining and maintaining the moral boundaries of society .

The ‘ adaptive ’ function is based on the proposition that what we call crime today includes forms of behaviour that will be crucially necessary to future society — Durkheim 's ( 1938 ) examples , are the ideas of Socrates and liberal philosophy which were once criminalised but which he sees as vital for contemporary society .
the ‘ adaptive ’ [purpose] is based on the proposition that what we call crime today includes forms of behaviour that will be crucially necessary to future society — durkheim 's ( 1938 ) examples , are the ideas of socrates and liberal philosophy which were once criminalised but which he sees as vital for contemporary society .

If the answer to these questions is ‘ yes ’ , then we are back to something rather similar to Durkheim 's adaptive function : today 's criminals are in fact helping to usher in the better society of tomorrow .
if the answer to these questions is ‘ yes ’ , then we are back to something rather similar to durkheim 's adaptive [purpose] : today 's criminals are in fact helping to usher in the better society of tomorrow .

Application Linking Technology is similar in function to Microsoft Corp 's Object Linking & Embedding specification , which enables users to cut and paste objects , text , spreadsheets , sound , video and graphics between different Windows applications .
application linking technology is similar in [purpose] to microsoft corp 's object linking & embedding specification , which enables users to cut and paste objects , text , spreadsheets , sound , video and graphics between different windows applications .

Trees gone ; rows demolished ; austerity in place of elegance , function in place of beauty ; the new for old , however poor the exchange rate .
trees gone ; rows demolished ; austerity in place of elegance , [purpose] in place of beauty ; the new for old , however poor the exchange rate .

The male body was of little aesthetic interest to him , and the female was so mutable , so much a function of its own motion , or that of light across it , that all static representation seemed to him doomed from the outset .
the male body was of little aesthetic interest to him , and the female was so mutable , so much a [purpose] of its own motion , or that of light across it , that all static representation seemed to him doomed from the outset .

’ She laughed with him , amazed that she was still able to function normally while her insides were doing the Twist !
’ she laughed with him , amazed that she was still able to [purpose] normally while her insides were doing the twist !

One of the remarkable features of Troilus and Cressida is that Shakespeare has developed , out of sources as diverse as Chaucer and Chapman 's Homer , two prose characters , one for the Trojan , one for the Greek camp , whose function it is to reduce the two great themes of epic , love and war , to their lowest common denominator : appetite .
one of the remarkable features of troilus and cressida is that shakespeare has developed , out of sources as diverse as chaucer and chapman 's homer , two prose characters , one for the trojan , one for the greek camp , whose [purpose] it is to reduce the two great themes of epic , love and war , to their lowest common denominator : appetite .

Here again Shakespeare challenges the Renaissance concept of the sonnet 's content and function .
here again shakespeare challenges the renaissance concept of the sonnet 's content and [purpose] .

The function of hypocrisy in the initial stage of usurping legitimacy is now clear ; once it has gained its desires , evil can afford to declare itself .
the [purpose] of hypocrisy in the initial stage of usurping legitimacy is now clear ; once it has gained its desires , evil can afford to declare itself .

Weir quickly got wind of the plan to remove him and discussed the matter with the bailie , James Graham , and the latter had to agree that there was no blame which could be attached to Weir 's conduct beyond his recent irregular attendance , but it was hardly possible for a court to function without a prosecutor , and although Weir was going to have to go , James Graham insisted that ‘ it should be done in the most decent manner and almost with his own consent ’ .
weir quickly got wind of the plan to remove him and discussed the matter with the bailie , james graham , and the latter had to agree that there was no blame which could be attached to weir 's conduct beyond his recent irregular attendance , but it was hardly possible for a court to [purpose] without a prosecutor , and although weir was going to have to go , james graham insisted that ‘ it should be done in the most decent manner and almost with his own consent ’ .

The majority of these children have not been given the tools to function as black people .
the majority of these children have not been given the tools to [purpose] as black people .

Some undoubtedly arise from attitudes , and others are a function of organisational structures ( Newman , 1975 ) .
some undoubtedly arise from attitudes , and others are a [purpose] of organisational structures ( newman , 1975 ) .

Status issues function as vehicles through which a non-economic group has deference conferred upon it or degradation conferred upon it .
status issues [purpose] as vehicles through which a non-economic group has deference conferred upon it or degradation conferred upon it .

[ The ] function of [ the criminal law ] , as we see it , is to preserve public order and decency , to protect the citizen from what is offensive and injurious and to provide sufficient safeguards against exploitation or corruption of others , particularly those who are specially vulnerable because they are young , weak in body or mind or inexperienced … As suggested above , one of the central planks in Lord Devlin 's argument that the law does not simply exist to protect the individual , but also to protect society , was the fact that in all but a few cases the victim may not consent to the commission of an offence against themselves .
[ the ] [purpose] of [ the criminal law ] , as we see it , is to preserve public order and decency , to protect the citizen from what is offensive and injurious and to provide sufficient safeguards against exploitation or corruption of others , particularly those who are specially vulnerable because they are young , weak in body or mind or inexperienced … as suggested above , one of the central planks in lord devlin 's argument that the law does not simply exist to protect the individual , but also to protect society , was the fact that in all but a few cases the victim may not consent to the commission of an offence against themselves .

And they also lead to synapses that can no longer function without the drug .
and they also lead to synapses that can no longer [purpose] without the drug .

To be really effective , lecturers and tutors must be sensitive to the contexts in which their institutions function and work closely with other training partners towards common ends .
to be really effective , lecturers and tutors must be sensitive to the contexts in which their institutions [purpose] and work closely with other training partners towards common ends .

In practice , however , the bureaucratisation of the professional — parent relationship and the assessment process may lead to a situation in which the primary function of parental involvement is to legitimise professional decisions .
in practice , however , the bureaucratisation of the professional — parent relationship and the assessment process may lead to a situation in which the primary [purpose] of parental involvement is to legitimise professional decisions .

Only essential lighting , radar , sonar and radio were functioning normally : all these could function equally well , as they had been designed to do , on battery power .
only essential lighting , radar , sonar and radio were functioning normally : all these could [purpose] equally well , as they had been designed to do , on battery power .

Both sides of the compartment were lined with machinery and metal boxes so crushed and mangled that their original function was incomprehensible .
both sides of the compartment were lined with machinery and metal boxes so crushed and mangled that their original [purpose] was incomprehensible .

Many teachers are able to function pretty well and to keep their doubts and feelings under reasonable control .
many teachers are able to [purpose] pretty well and to keep their doubts and feelings under reasonable control .

They do not provide the safety within which individuals can clarify and express their own feelings , perceptions and inchoate beliefs , for the staffroom cliques are based on certainty , and function to hold at bay doubt and anxiety .
they do not provide the safety within which individuals can clarify and express their own feelings , perceptions and inchoate beliefs , for the staffroom cliques are based on certainty , and [purpose] to hold at bay doubt and anxiety .

Remember that demand , leading to overload and pressure , is a function of the disparity between duties and wishes on the one hand and limitations on the other .
remember that demand , leading to overload and pressure , is a [purpose] of the disparity between duties and wishes on the one hand and limitations on the other .

The primary function of the centres is the documentation of modern and contemporary artists who work or have worked in the former Eastern-bloc countries and the promotion of living artists previously unknown to the West .
the primary [purpose] of the centres is the documentation of modern and contemporary artists who work or have worked in the former eastern-bloc countries and the promotion of living artists previously unknown to the west .

’ Another way of putting this would be to say that the perspectival appearance of an object at a point of view is a function of the object 's real figure , its inclination relative to the point of view , and its distance from the point of view , and is a function of nothing else .
’ another way of putting this would be to say that the perspectival appearance of an object at a point of view is a [purpose] of the object 's real figure , its inclination relative to the point of view , and its distance from the point of view , and is a [purpose] of nothing else .

The concept of pain is characterized by its particular function in our life .
the concept of pain is characterized by its particular [purpose] in our life .

This is its function as part of the pastoral care attached to Anselm 's office .
this is its [purpose] as part of the pastoral care attached to anselm 's office .

There is no reason to think that Anselm would have thought there was any contradiction between personal humility and the display of the greatness of his office : quite the contrary , humility and grandeur met in the exercise of his function as a ruler .
there is no reason to think that anselm would have thought there was any contradiction between personal humility and the display of the greatness of his office : quite the contrary , humility and grandeur met in the exercise of his [purpose] as a ruler .

Unlike modernist works that give the illusion of being autonomous in their surroundings , and which function critically only in relation to the language of their own tradition , site-specific works emphasise the comparison between two separate languages .
unlike modernist works that give the illusion of being autonomous in their surroundings , and which [purpose] critically only in relation to the language of their own tradition , site-specific works emphasise the comparison between two separate languages .

It reads as a separate vertical volume and without being an actual pedestal , it takes on the function of a pedestal .
it reads as a separate vertical volume and without being an actual pedestal , it takes on the [purpose] of a pedestal .

At this point it should be remembered that the proportion of the population which any particular age cohort constitutes during its lifetime is not only or indeed not mainly a function of its own initial size and subsequent mortality rate : it also depends upon the absolute size of all other cohorts and their mortality rates .
at this point it should be remembered that the proportion of the population which any particular age cohort constitutes during its lifetime is not only or indeed not mainly a [purpose] of its own initial size and subsequent mortality rate : it also depends upon the absolute size of all other cohorts and their mortality rates .

Only if it is believed that independence is a function of employment income can the idea of increased dependency be automatically supported .
only if it is believed that independence is a [purpose] of employment income can the idea of increased dependency be automatically supported .

The type of household in which the elderly person lives may , in its turn , be a function of the stage he or she has reached in the life course rather than of age per se .
the type of household in which the elderly person lives may , in its turn , be a [purpose] of the stage he or she has reached in the life course rather than of age per se .

For despite periods of benign neglect , the house continues to serve its original function as an occasional residence at the heart of a great estate .
for despite periods of benign neglect , the house continues to serve its original [purpose] as an occasional residence at the heart of a great estate .

The interior spaces of the wedge-shaped building were converted to suit their new function by artists Robert Irwin and Richard Fleischner , with architect David Raphael Singer , whose particular brief was to retain the all-glass walls of the building while making it a suitable and secure venue for displaying works of art .
the interior spaces of the wedge-shaped building were converted to suit their new [purpose] by artists robert irwin and richard fleischner , with architect david raphael singer , whose particular brief was to retain the all-glass walls of the building while making it a suitable and secure venue for displaying works of art .

While it survived , it served a useful function in obtaining agreement on some economic questions such as currency convertibility and capital transfers .
while it survived , it served a useful [purpose] in obtaining agreement on some economic questions such as currency convertibility and capital transfers .

It was paralleled by a Council of Ministers whose main function would be to take action and legislate on the basis of the Commission 's proposals .
it was paralleled by a council of ministers whose main [purpose] would be to take action and legislate on the basis of the commission 's proposals .

Its function had eventually been fourfold .
its [purpose] had eventually been fourfold .

Teaching points arise from the listening and reading texts so that students see how structures function in real contexts .
teaching points arise from the listening and reading texts so that students see how structures [purpose] in real contexts .

This arose in part from a strong sense of parliament 's unique place and function in the political system .
this arose in part from a strong sense of parliament 's unique place and [purpose] in the political system .

It thus posed a threat to the calm , deliberative function of the legislature .
it thus posed a threat to the calm , deliberative [purpose] of the legislature .

Encouragement of such careful discrimination was perhaps also reflected in agent Clarkson 's other main function in the late 1780s — the establishment of local committees through consultation with influential individuals in communities .
encouragement of such careful discrimination was perhaps also reflected in agent clarkson 's other main [purpose] in the late 1780s — the establishment of local committees through consultation with influential individuals in communities .

In a political system in the later eighteenth century in which political position and parliamentary place were still largely a function of kinship with , or being in client status to , political notables parliamentary seats were frequently uncontested to reduce the role of opinion in the political process and to save money .
in a political system in the later eighteenth century in which political position and parliamentary place were still largely a [purpose] of kinship with , or being in client status to , political notables parliamentary seats were frequently uncontested to reduce the role of opinion in the political process and to save money .

To treat them simply as statements of objective fact , to be proved or disproved by appeal to observation of the world around us , to the speculations and arguments of metaphysical philosophy , or even to the authority of the Bible understood as a collection of ‘ divine truths ’ , is to misconceive their nature and function .
to treat them simply as statements of objective fact , to be proved or disproved by appeal to observation of the world around us , to the speculations and arguments of metaphysical philosophy , or even to the authority of the bible understood as a collection of ‘ divine truths ’ , is to misconceive their nature and [purpose] .

Socrates is a teacher , but his function as he himself describes it is to uncover in the minds of those he teaches what they really know already , but have simply failed to recognise or make explicit .
socrates is a teacher , but his [purpose] as he himself describes it is to uncover in the minds of those he teaches what they really know already , but have simply failed to recognise or make explicit .

In Troeltsch 's own case , it is very clear that even when he sought — as he also did — to function as a Christian theologian , and to work out a pattern of Christian doctrine , his approach was deeply coloured by the relativism of his wider approach to the study of religion .
in troeltsch 's own case , it is very clear that even when he sought — as he also did — to [purpose] as a christian theologian , and to work out a pattern of christian doctrine , his approach was deeply coloured by the relativism of his wider approach to the study of religion .

Dogmatics thus has a critical function in relation to the present witness and preaching of the church , recalling it to its basis and assisting it to uncover and hear what it is called to say today .
dogmatics thus has a critical [purpose] in relation to the present witness and preaching of the church , recalling it to its basis and assisting it to uncover and hear what it is called to say today .

The diagrams show how the three filter systems function .
the diagrams show how the three filter systems [purpose] .

As you are using gravel from an already established undergravel filter it will begin to function immediately .
as you are using gravel from an already established undergravel filter it will begin to [purpose] immediately .

No matter what type of filter plates is employed , it must be remembered that cichlids love to dig and should they remove the gravel down to the plate then , in effect , the filter ceases to function properly .
no matter what type of filter plates is employed , it must be remembered that cichlids love to dig and should they remove the gravel down to the plate then , in effect , the filter ceases to [purpose] properly .

The zooxanthellae , symbiotic algae which live in the tissues of photosynthetic ( light requiring ) corals , are responsible for the characteristic beige , brown , green or blue coloration of corals and soon cause bleaching if they are not allowed to function correctly .
the zooxanthellae , symbiotic algae which live in the tissues of photosynthetic ( light requiring ) corals , are responsible for the characteristic beige , brown , green or blue coloration of corals and soon cause bleaching if they are not allowed to [purpose] correctly .

So , although we can show that deprivation produces loss of function on certain tasks , these studies do not indicate how the loss may be combatted , if at all and , from a psychological point of view , they do not give any idea of how this changed processing affects other aspects of function .
so , although we can show that deprivation produces loss of [purpose] on certain tasks , these studies do not indicate how the loss may be combatted , if at all and , from a psychological point of view , they do not give any idea of how this changed processing affects other aspects of [purpose] .

Since the development of neurophysiology , the search for localisation of function within the brain has been intense .
since the development of neurophysiology , the search for localisation of [purpose] within the brain has been intense .

Direct cortical stimulation ( Penfield and Roberts , 1959 ) and intra-carotid injection of sodium amytal ( Milner , Branch and Rasmussen , 1964 ) confirmed that for right-handed people language function was primarily controlled by the left hemisphere .
direct cortical stimulation ( penfield and roberts , 1959 ) and intra-carotid injection of sodium amytal ( milner , branch and rasmussen , 1964 ) confirmed that for right-handed people language [purpose] was primarily controlled by the left hemisphere .

There is no doubt that this form of target language is unacceptable to English speakers , who might dismiss the interpreter or , more likely , assume that this was a function of the deaf person 's lack of knowledge of English ( and feel that the interpreter was doing a good job ) .
there is no doubt that this form of target language is unacceptable to english speakers , who might dismiss the interpreter or , more likely , assume that this was a [purpose] of the deaf person 's lack of knowledge of english ( and feel that the interpreter was doing a good job ) .

In either case , the articulatory loop could not be used in quite the same way as Hitch and Baddeley ( 1978 ) propose for memory , but would be more similar to its function in reading , where it is largely suppressed .
in either case , the articulatory loop could not be used in quite the same way as hitch and baddeley ( 1978 ) propose for memory , but would be more similar to its [purpose] in reading , where it is largely suppressed .

Lack of speech development in deaf children becomes a function not of their lack of experience of spoken sound , but of additional handicap .
lack of speech development in deaf children becomes a [purpose] not of their lack of experience of spoken sound , but of additional handicap .

Perhaps the most damaging aspect of the Van Uden model of language-learning is the assumption that it is permissible to concentrate on language structure at the cost of language function .
perhaps the most damaging aspect of the van uden model of language-learning is the assumption that it is permissible to concentrate on language structure at the cost of language [purpose] .

This is completely contrary to the present recognition of the priority of function neatly expressed in Cazden ‘ s maxim ‘ take care of function and the structure will take care of itself ’ .
this is completely contrary to the present recognition of the priority of [purpose] neatly expressed in cazden ‘ s maxim ‘ take care of [purpose] and the structure will take care of itself ’ .

All of these guidelines , many of them well-intentioned and prepared with care , have been aimed at making primary schools fulfil a predetermined function — to prepare young children for the secondary stage and to give them enthusiasm for learning .
all of these guidelines , many of them well-intentioned and prepared with care , have been aimed at making primary schools fulfil a predetermined [purpose] — to prepare young children for the secondary stage and to give them enthusiasm for learning .

Undoubtedly teachers fulfil an important function in contemporary society .
undoubtedly teachers fulfil an important [purpose] in contemporary society .

In general , the working man may function at any level from the senior partner in high technology operations to the provider of muscle power in physically demanding jobs .
in general , the working man may [purpose] at any level from the senior partner in high technology operations to the provider of muscle power in physically demanding jobs .

Equally it is expensive to ensure that equipment will continue to function under rough handling conditions , for example the necessary ‘ ruggedising ’ of military equipment .
equally it is expensive to ensure that equipment will continue to [purpose] under rough handling conditions , for example the necessary ‘ ruggedising ’ of military equipment .

That is , continuous dynamic dealing with minor perturbations is automatic and so also is the application of basic rules about safety ; for example , the system or some part of it might be programmed to go through a step-change function such as a shut-down if certain parameters exceed prescribed limits .
that is , continuous dynamic dealing with minor perturbations is automatic and so also is the application of basic rules about safety ; for example , the system or some part of it might be programmed to go through a step-change [purpose] such as a shut-down if certain parameters exceed prescribed limits .

His ability to intervene effectively must be a function of his ‘ hands on ’ experience supported of course by his conceptual knowledge of how the system functions .
his ability to intervene effectively must be a [purpose] of his ‘ hands on ’ experience supported of course by his conceptual knowledge of how the system functions .

These reasons are given in detail in the discussion of man-machine function allocation ( p. 35 ) .
these reasons are given in detail in the discussion of man-machine [purpose] allocation ( p. 35 ) .

1.2 shows the outline of the systems design process in a way which emphasises the parallel roles of the engineer and the ergonomist concerned respectively with the design of the hardware and the personnel sub-systems and their common design problems of allocation of function and interface design .
1.2 shows the outline of the systems design process in a way which emphasises the parallel roles of the engineer and the ergonomist concerned respectively with the design of the hardware and the personnel sub-systems and their common design problems of allocation of [purpose] and interface design .

How much design effort is needed in the different areas will not be clear at this stage but unless the system is very simple there are bound to be problems of overlap and of how far to arrange sub-teams by discipline , by function or by problem ( Singleton , 1987 ) .
how much design effort is needed in the different areas will not be clear at this stage but unless the system is very simple there are bound to be problems of overlap and of how far to arrange sub-teams by discipline , by [purpose] or by problem ( singleton , 1987 ) .

Work is very rarely performed by a man without the aid of some machinery and correspondingly machines rarely function for very long without human intervention .
work is very rarely performed by a man without the aid of some machinery and correspondingly machines rarely [purpose] for very long without human intervention .

At the time it was hoped that eventually it would be possible to refine the quantitative distinctions between the performance of men and machines so that allocation of function decisions would be unambiguous ( Wuffeck and Zeitlin , 1962 ) , but this has not happened .
at the time it was hoped that eventually it would be possible to refine the quantitative distinctions between the performance of men and machines so that allocation of [purpose] decisions would be unambiguous ( wuffeck and zeitlin , 1962 ) , but this has not happened .

If a required function can be specified precisely then a mechanism can be designed to perform it .
if a required [purpose] can be specified precisely then a mechanism can be designed to perform it .

Operational experience of real systems design reinforces doubts about the allocation of function concept as a basis for a unitary systematic procedure .
operational experience of real systems design reinforces doubts about the allocation of [purpose] concept as a basis for a unitary systematic procedure .

Thus , allocation of function requires a continuous juggling of functional , mechanistic and behavioural approaches .
thus , allocation of [purpose] requires a continuous juggling of functional , mechanistic and behavioural approaches .

The shifts of allocation of function from this point of view are illustrated in Fig .
the shifts of allocation of [purpose] from this point of view are illustrated in fig .

In equipment involving advanced technology the allocation of the control function is between the on-line operator and the designer .
in equipment involving advanced technology the allocation of the control [purpose] is between the on-line operator and the designer .

It emerges from the above discussion that man-machine allocation of function is at best an oversimplification and it may lead to the neglect of some key features of human performance .
it emerges from the above discussion that man-machine allocation of [purpose] is at best an oversimplification and it may lead to the neglect of some key features of human performance .

Implicit in the attempt to complete a systematic man-machine function allocation is the principle that some trade-off is possible .
implicit in the attempt to complete a systematic man-machine [purpose] allocation is the principle that some trade-off is possible .

For information systems the allocation of function and interface design issues merge into the procedure for considering the required points of human intervention in the total information network .
for information systems the allocation of [purpose] and interface design issues merge into the procedure for considering the required points of human intervention in the total information network .

From this point of view the allocation of function and interface design are one core design activity based on the man-machine concept .
from this point of view the allocation of [purpose] and interface design are one core design activity based on the man-machine concept .

For example , a designer may build up a sequence of actions which an operator must follow in order to cause his product to function properly — he has synthesised the task from a knowledge of how the machine or other product was designed to function .
for example , a designer may build up a sequence of actions which an operator must follow in order to cause his product to [purpose] properly — he has synthesised the task from a knowledge of how the machine or other product was designed to [purpose] .

The test of a task description is : does it indicate a necessary function within the system performance ?
the test of a task description is : does it indicate a necessary [purpose] within the system performance ?

In general the value of formal routines is precisely that the operator , left to himself , will not normally function in such a systematic sequential manner .
in general the value of formal routines is precisely that the operator , left to himself , will not normally [purpose] in such a systematic sequential manner .

Even so , it remains true that the performance of the individual is a function of the way he developed skills in his earlier more formative years and the way in which his capacities and skills are still changing in the work environment .
even so , it remains true that the performance of the individual is a [purpose] of the way he developed skills in his earlier more formative years and the way in which his capacities and skills are still changing in the work environment .

The perceptual system can function either way which is , of course , why each of the two types of display has its utility .
the perceptual system can [purpose] either way which is , of course , why each of the two types of display has its utility .

It is also true that responses are a function of enormous differences between and within individuals .
it is also true that responses are a [purpose] of enormous differences between and within individuals .

The distinction between recall and recognition is clearly an important one , in that the human memory is so much superior in the latter function .
the distinction between recall and recognition is clearly an important one , in that the human memory is so much superior in the latter [purpose] .

The human memory , in common with every other store , has to be positively consulted before it will function .
the human memory , in common with every other store , has to be positively consulted before it will [purpose] .

On the other hand no manager willingly accepts a new member of staff without the use of a selection interview , no doctor will express a confident diagnosis without an interview with the patient , and no counsellor could function without meeting his clients face to face .
on the other hand no manager willingly accepts a new member of staff without the use of a selection interview , no doctor will express a confident diagnosis without an interview with the patient , and no counsellor could [purpose] without meeting his clients face to face .

Provide the interviewee with a written job aid which indicates the name and function of the interviewer(s) .
provide the interviewee with a written job aid which indicates the name and [purpose] of the interviewer(s) .

Technology has shifted the general allocation of function slightly both in industry and in defence .
technology has shifted the general allocation of [purpose] slightly both in industry and in defence .

Skills can not be transferred directly from a trainer to a trainee , the function of the trainer is to provide conditions and guidelines which will facilitate learning .
skills can not be transferred directly from a trainer to a trainee , the [purpose] of the trainer is to provide conditions and guidelines which will facilitate learning .

Decisions are then needed on how to train , which will include whether or which parts should be on-line or off-line , whether the operator is required to function in a mainly programmed ( i.e. rule-following ) mode and how far he may need to function in a conceptual ( i.e. actions based on understanding ) mode .
decisions are then needed on how to train , which will include whether or which parts should be on-line or off-line , whether the operator is required to [purpose] in a mainly programmed ( i.e. rule-following ) mode and how far he may need to [purpose] in a conceptual ( i.e. actions based on understanding ) mode .

Many of the earlier forms of computer aided instructions used a central computer facility and a set of work-stations where a whole class of trainees could function simultaneously .
many of the earlier forms of computer aided instructions used a central computer facility and a set of work-stations where a whole class of trainees could [purpose] simultaneously .

The control function is exercised by a team and the efficient interaction between the team members is also subject to improvement with practice ( see p. 95 ) .
the control [purpose] is exercised by a team and the efficient interaction between the team members is also subject to improvement with practice ( see p. 95 ) .

Brian Wells notes : ‘ Of course , all behaviour is ultimately controlled by the influence which our genes exert upon the development and function of our biological system ’ ( 1980 , p.29 ) .
brian wells notes : ‘ of course , all behaviour is ultimately controlled by the influence which our genes exert upon the development and [purpose] of our biological system ’ ( 1980 , p.29 ) .

Kane 's first category of race-linked physical and physiological characteristics , then , is in doubt from the start but he delineates them as follows : proportionately longer leg lengths , narrower hips , wider calf bones and greater arm circumference among black athletes than among whites ; a greater ratio of tendon to muscle among blacks , giving rise to the condition typically termed double-jointedness , a relatively dense bone structure ; a basically elongated body structure among black athletes , enabling them to function as more efficient heat dissipators relative to whites ( 1971 , pp.74–5 ) .
kane 's first category of race-linked physical and physiological characteristics , then , is in doubt from the start but he delineates them as follows : proportionately longer leg lengths , narrower hips , wider calf bones and greater arm circumference among black athletes than among whites ; a greater ratio of tendon to muscle among blacks , giving rise to the condition typically termed double-jointedness , a relatively dense bone structure ; a basically elongated body structure among black athletes , enabling them to [purpose] as more efficient heat dissipators relative to whites ( 1971 , pp.74–5 ) .

The black parents are often apathetic and perform no positive function in their children 's progression in sport and stir from their inertness only when some measure of tangible success has been achieved .
the black parents are often apathetic and perform no positive [purpose] in their children 's progression in sport and stir from their inertness only when some measure of tangible success has been achieved .

Nor do they all function in the same way .
nor do they all [purpose] in the same way .

They also present women serving primarily a ‘ decorative ’ function .
they also present women serving primarily a ‘ decorative ’ [purpose] .

educational qualifications perform a determinative function . Here the qualification is the most important criterion in recruitment although other factors might be considered in the interview stage , though in a subordinate role ;
educational qualifications perform a determinative [purpose] . here the qualification is the most important criterion in recruitment although other factors might be considered in the interview stage , though in a subordinate role ;

educational qualifications perform a screening function .
educational qualifications perform a screening [purpose] .

educational qualifications perform a focusing function .
educational qualifications perform a focusing [purpose] .

educational qualifications have a negative function .
educational qualifications have a negative [purpose] .

In a glass case sits a shrivelled liver , which duplicates the function of an Energy Jewel ( 8 Magic Points ) .
in a glass case sits a shrivelled liver , which duplicates the [purpose] of an energy jewel ( 8 magic points ) .

Each is a Ring of Protection , and each of which will only function as a magical ring if it can be separated from the others .
each is a ring of protection , and each of which will only [purpose] as a magical ring if it can be separated from the others .

It has a unique function which can not be commanded , it simply happens automatically once per day for the character carrying the book as soon as that character suffers any lost Wounds from a melee or missile attack .
it has a unique [purpose] which can not be commanded , it simply happens automatically once per day for the character carrying the book as soon as that character suffers any lost wounds from a melee or missile attack .

Its only function , though , is to show the viewer Constant Drachenfels , posing as a young man , without his mask , his arm thrown around a Daemon .
its only [purpose] , though , is to show the viewer constant drachenfels , posing as a young man , without his mask , his arm thrown around a daemon .

Collective bargaining institutions and rules can not be expected to function adequately when wrenched out of their original context and implanted elsewhere , since they are closely linked with the structure and organisation of political and social power in their own environment or habitat .
collective bargaining institutions and rules can not be expected to [purpose] adequately when wrenched out of their original context and implanted elsewhere , since they are closely linked with the structure and organisation of political and social power in their own environment or habitat .

Institutions must be considered within the general context of the industrial relations system of which they are an integral part … [ given that ] the point of departure of international comparison can not be an institution as such but must be the function it carries out .
institutions must be considered within the general context of the industrial relations system of which they are an integral part … [ given that ] the point of departure of international comparison can not be an institution as such but must be the [purpose] it carries out .

As well as the existence of ideological cleavages between unions on political and religious grounds , together with differences of function — as organisations for representation and bargaining , or as a vehicle for mobilising the power resources of the working class unions also differ as between countries on a structural basis relating to industry or occupational boundaries .
as well as the existence of ideological cleavages between unions on political and religious grounds , together with differences of [purpose] — as organisations for representation and bargaining , or as a vehicle for mobilising the power resources of the working class unions also differ as between countries on a structural basis relating to industry or occupational boundaries .

The importance of the formative stages of unionism in determining structural features ( which are themselves closely related to function and objectives ) and in giving direction to subsequent developments has also been emphasised .
the importance of the formative stages of unionism in determining structural features ( which are themselves closely related to [purpose] and objectives ) and in giving direction to subsequent developments has also been emphasised .

Instead , Sisson maintains that the real reason is that in Britain multi-employer bargaining has increasingly been found to be incapable of performing what employers regard as its major function , namely the neutralisation of the workplace from the activities of trade unions .
instead , sisson maintains that the real reason is that in britain multi-employer bargaining has increasingly been found to be incapable of performing what employers regard as its major [purpose] , namely the neutralisation of the workplace from the activities of trade unions .

As company size and the internalisation of industrial relations activity have increased many companies have acquired or strengthened their own specialist personnel management function … thus facilitating the pursuit of more distinctive , company-specific employment policies . ( Goodman , 1981 , p. 606 )
as company size and the internalisation of industrial relations activity have increased many companies have acquired or strengthened their own specialist personnel management [purpose] … thus facilitating the pursuit of more distinctive , company-specific employment policies . ( goodman , 1981 , p. 606 )

First , in Britain the primary basis of relationships is centred on the workplace itself where unions and managements function largely autonomously with no substantive , external , regulative framework .
first , in britain the primary basis of relationships is centred on the workplace itself where unions and managements [purpose] largely autonomously with no substantive , external , regulative framework .

Hundreds of chantries and lay fraternities were established with this as their major function .
hundreds of chantries and lay fraternities were established with this as their major [purpose] .

The fortress was rebuilt in 1896 and by the outbreak of war had been further improved to accord with its new function as the Austrian Army 's forward base against the Russians .
the fortress was rebuilt in 1896 and by the outbreak of war had been further improved to accord with its new [purpose] as the austrian army 's forward base against the russians .

What mattered was that things should appear to function well in Sibiu , because Nicu 's presence there had to cast credit on the family .
what mattered was that things should appear to [purpose] well in sibiu , because nicu 's presence there had to cast credit on the family .

The Civic Centre complex with the Palace of the People ( later renamed Palace of the Republic ) at its heart was designed to function as the main shrine and nerve-centre of the cult of Nicolae Ceauşescu .
the civic centre complex with the palace of the people ( later renamed palace of the republic ) at its heart was designed to [purpose] as the main shrine and nerve-centre of the cult of nicolae ceauşescu .

The suppliers lost count of the ancient oaks , not to mention the chestnut and cherry trees , cut down to provide panelling for the two grand offices reserved for the couple , but also for hundreds of function rooms and apparatchiks ' offices .
the suppliers lost count of the ancient oaks , not to mention the chestnut and cherry trees , cut down to provide panelling for the two grand offices reserved for the couple , but also for hundreds of [purpose] rooms and apparatchiks ' offices .

One important function of and in a piece of writing like this is to signal to the reader that the sentences are meant to be=read together as an integrated whole .
one important [purpose] of and in a piece of writing like this is to signal to the reader that the sentences are meant to be=read together as an integrated whole .

The fact that the passive brings about alterations of word order gives it a special function in writing , because it provides one means by which a writer can link sentences smoothly together and achieve the desired emphasis .
the fact that the passive brings about alterations of word order gives it a special [purpose] in writing , because it provides one means by which a writer can link sentences smoothly together and achieve the desired emphasis .

Furthermore , drama is one of the key ways in which children can gain an understanding of themselves and of others , can gain confidence in themselves as decision-makers and problem-solvers , can learn to function collaboratively , and can explore — within a supportive framework — not only a range of human feelings , but also a whole spectrum of social situations and/or moral dilemmas .
furthermore , drama is one of the key ways in which children can gain an understanding of themselves and of others , can gain confidence in themselves as decision-makers and problem-solvers , can learn to [purpose] collaboratively , and can explore — within a supportive framework — not only a range of human feelings , but also a whole spectrum of social situations and/or moral dilemmas .

The importance of such skills in enabling school-leavers to present themselves with confidence and to function effectively within the world of work and as responsible citizens is clear .
the importance of such skills in enabling school-leavers to present themselves with confidence and to [purpose] effectively within the world of work and as responsible citizens is clear .

At the time they were quite thin , and their main function was to fill the gaps between boot and sock , so stabilising the foot position .
at the time they were quite thin , and their main [purpose] was to fill the gaps between boot and sock , so stabilising the foot position .

Individuals need a social identity — a sense of peoplehood — if they are to identify , develop and function in society .
individuals need a social identity — a sense of peoplehood — if they are to identify , develop and [purpose] in society .

Such open-mindedness is an essential part of the missionary gift which the Church needs in order to function effectively in any cross-cultural situation .
such open-mindedness is an essential part of the missionary gift which the church needs in order to [purpose] effectively in any cross-cultural situation .

Healthy organic growth is proportionate , with each area and function developing in relation to the other .
healthy organic growth is proportionate , with each area and [purpose] developing in relation to the other .

We feel called to help to equip people to function in the mission or ministry God has called them to .
we feel called to help to equip people to [purpose] in the mission or ministry god has called them to .

We will also provide pastoral support to help those already in mission to function more effectively and we hope to do some more pastoral training to help us in this area of work .
we will also provide pastoral support to help those already in mission to [purpose] more effectively and we hope to do some more pastoral training to help us in this area of work .

3.3 reserves the right to introduce any substitute software which performs the same function .
3.3 reserves the right to introduce any substitute software which performs the same [purpose] .

‘ The duchess 's body was afterwards placed head-on against the rear wall of the royal apartments , ’ continued Tyrell , in the manner of one detailing the arrangements for a state function .
‘ the duchess 's body was afterwards placed head-on against the rear wall of the royal apartments , ’ continued tyrell , in the manner of one detailing the arrangements for a state [purpose] .

An important function of the private presses has been to reprint rare works of historical and literary importance .
an important [purpose] of the private presses has been to reprint rare works of historical and literary importance .

Whichever category of function is involved , the direct transmission of capitalists ' preferences to state officials is unimportant .
whichever category of [purpose] is involved , the direct transmission of capitalists ' preferences to state officials is unimportant .

Their policy-making styles vary according to what is optimal for the function concerned .
their policy-making styles vary according to what is optimal for the [purpose] concerned .

State organizations can be classified according to which function is furthered by their budgets .
state organizations can be classified according to which [purpose] is furthered by their budgets .

Critics of the dual state thesis argue that in practice public expenditures can be classified according to their function only through a post hoc evaluation of their consequences or by knowing which organizations implemented the programmes ( which would make the whole schema tautologous ) .
critics of the dual state thesis argue that in practice public expenditures can be classified according to their [purpose] only through a post hoc evaluation of their consequences or by knowing which organizations implemented the programmes ( which would make the whole schema tautologous ) .

Ideological state apparatuses ( ISAs ) include a very wide range of institutions which are said to perform the ‘ state ’ function of ensuring social stability .
ideological state apparatuses ( isas ) include a very wide range of institutions which are said to perform the ‘ state ’ [purpose] of ensuring social stability .

It is to capture this function that Althusser defined the state to include almost all non-economic organizations , except the revolutionary party of the working class , in the process definitionally obliterating the difference between input politics and state organization , or between the state and society ( Polan , 1984 , pp .
it is to capture this [purpose] that althusser defined the state to include almost all non-economic organizations , except the revolutionary party of the working class , in the process definitionally obliterating the difference between input politics and state organization , or between the state and society ( polan , 1984 , pp .

In particular , they saw the function of the British fascists as providing stewards for Conservative party meetings to help maintain free speech and law and order .
in particular , they saw the [purpose] of the british fascists as providing stewards for conservative party meetings to help maintain free speech and law and order .

These in turn were similar in political structure and function to pre-war pressure groups which had reflected popular anxiety against German competition .
these in turn were similar in political structure and [purpose] to pre-war pressure groups which had reflected popular anxiety against german competition .

The Council for Civil Liberty , which later became the National Council for Civil Liberty , fulfilled much the same function for mainly middle-class people interested in this subject , and worried by the threat made by fascism to cherished freedoms .
the council for civil liberty , which later became the national council for civil liberty , fulfilled much the same [purpose] for mainly middle-class people interested in this subject , and worried by the threat made by fascism to cherished freedoms .

Despite the impact of liberalizing currents which encourage more give and take , this modifying or normalizing function continues to play a major role in psychiatry .
despite the impact of liberalizing currents which encourage more give and take , this modifying or normalizing [purpose] continues to play a major role in psychiatry .

He dashes about from place to place and function to function endeavouring to record all aspects of the local scene , trivial as well as tragic .
he dashes about from place to place and [purpose] to [purpose] endeavouring to record all aspects of the local scene , trivial as well as tragic .

Such punitive gestures fulfilled the important function of maintaining mechanical solidarity at the requisite pitch .
such punitive gestures fulfilled the important [purpose] of maintaining mechanical solidarity at the requisite pitch .

This interpretation assumes that institutions ( such as the licensed disrespect and ragging between nephew and uncle ) are not aimless social eccentricities , but function logically and coherently .
this interpretation assumes that institutions ( such as the licensed disrespect and ragging between nephew and uncle ) are not aimless social eccentricities , but [purpose] logically and coherently .

Changes in social structure are thus likely to be accompanied by changes in the function of component institutions .
changes in social structure are thus likely to be accompanied by changes in the [purpose] of component institutions .

The linked analytical concepts of function and structure ( introduced here in their rudimentary forms ) developed naturally out of , and partly in reaction to , the historical , evolutionary approach ; with them we have reached the central point of departure for most of modern social anthropology .
the linked analytical concepts of [purpose] and structure ( introduced here in their rudimentary forms ) developed naturally out of , and partly in reaction to , the historical , evolutionary approach ; with them we have reached the central point of departure for most of modern social anthropology .

The boundary separating these two domains is thus a function of a community 's isolation and lack of effective communication with , and control over , its surroundings .
the boundary separating these two domains is thus a [purpose] of a community 's isolation and lack of effective communication with , and control over , its surroundings .

What are the most effective means of promoting the good , that is , the stock of things which possess the quality good ? Since goodness is a matter of degree , the extent to which one has promoted the good is a function both of the number of good things produced or things made good and of the degree of goodness to which they are raised .
what are the most effective means of promoting the good , that is , the stock of things which possess the quality good ? since goodness is a matter of degree , the extent to which one has promoted the good is a [purpose] both of the number of good things produced or things made good and of the degree of goodness to which they are raised .

’ The antecedent and consequent of the first sentence do not , in this context , function to express disapproval either of polygamists or of Solomon .
’ the antecedent and consequent of the first sentence do not , in this context , [purpose] to express disapproval either of polygamists or of solomon .

However , for the attitudinist , they function in a perfectly intelligible way in a discourse which explores relations of consistency and inconsistency between various possible and actual attitudes .
however , for the attitudinist , they [purpose] in a perfectly intelligible way in a discourse which explores relations of consistency and inconsistency between various possible and actual attitudes .

What he tends to ignore , however , is what one might call value charged definitions which do not function as persuasive devices for modifying attitudes but serve simply to formulate , and perhaps endorse , combinations of descriptive and valuational meaning in ordinary usage which reflect widely shared attitudes .
what he tends to ignore , however , is what one might call value charged definitions which do not [purpose] as persuasive devices for modifying attitudes but serve simply to formulate , and perhaps endorse , combinations of descriptive and valuational meaning in ordinary usage which reflect widely shared attitudes .

Their rundown had more to do with their social function becoming anachronistic .
their rundown had more to do with their social [purpose] becoming anachronistic .

General hospital units were being developed within the catchment area of the hospital and its function as an admissions unit would eventually be superseded .
general hospital units were being developed within the catchment area of the hospital and its [purpose] as an admissions unit would eventually be superseded .

It had responsibility for two institutions within five miles of each other , both established for the same function and both less than half full .
it had responsibility for two institutions within five miles of each other , both established for the same [purpose] and both less than half full .

The newspaper reports , however , serve a different function and illustrate the dangers of young teenage temptresses .
the newspaper reports , however , serve a different [purpose] and illustrate the dangers of young teenage temptresses .

You might think that the function of the pro-am is to enable the professional to take a good look at the course under competitive conditions .
you might think that the [purpose] of the pro-am is to enable the professional to take a good look at the course under competitive conditions .

The successful candidate will be expected to prepare solids by solid state reaction , and test the function of the materials as electrodes in prototype batteries .
the successful candidate will be expected to prepare solids by solid state reaction , and test the [purpose] of the materials as electrodes in prototype batteries .

Applications are invited for the post of Research Assistant to work on the structure , function and assembly of the nuclear envelope .
applications are invited for the post of research assistant to work on the structure , [purpose] and assembly of the nuclear envelope .

Another function of the advisory service for visually handicapped children involves working with parents and families , and this is of particular importance in the case of the pre-school child with defective vision .
another [purpose] of the advisory service for visually handicapped children involves working with parents and families , and this is of particular importance in the case of the pre-school child with defective vision .

Appropriate materials and activities can help some pupils to function better in terms of visual competence .
appropriate materials and activities can help some pupils to [purpose] better in terms of visual competence .

For example , one half of the function of the retina of each eye can be lost .
for example , one half of the [purpose] of the retina of each eye can be lost .

In order to be able to understand the situation of the visually handicapped child in an ordinary class it is relevant to be reminded of the function of the eye and the visual system , since without such basic information the demands which such a child faces are unlikely to be understood .
in order to be able to understand the situation of the visually handicapped child in an ordinary class it is relevant to be reminded of the [purpose] of the eye and the visual system , since without such basic information the demands which such a child faces are unlikely to be understood .

This is where the lighting is excessive , such as in bright sunlight , or where glare is caused by badly sited lighting or unsuitable décor , so that the person is unable to function visually .
this is where the lighting is excessive , such as in bright sunlight , or where glare is caused by badly sited lighting or unsuitable décor , so that the person is unable to [purpose] visually .

Remove her , and the rest of the society ceases to function .
remove her , and the rest of the society ceases to [purpose] .

Soon the most lucrative function of the resurrected orbital was as an alien adventure park .
soon the most lucrative [purpose] of the resurrected orbital was as an alien adventure park .

Over 4000 members have already given their verdict in favour of the club 's ‘ fabulous facilities manifesto ’ and its dual function , ( tennis ' double whammy , if you like ! ) , that of meeting all member needs while maintaining a warm and welcoming atmosphere within the club 's spacious acres .
over 4000 members have already given their verdict in favour of the club 's ‘ fabulous facilities manifesto ’ and its dual [purpose] , ( tennis ' double whammy , if you like ! ) , that of meeting all member needs while maintaining a warm and welcoming atmosphere within the club 's spacious acres .

Vinegar can be used to remove the scent , and again , products are available from pet shops which fulfil a similar function , in contrast to those which attract the dog .
vinegar can be used to remove the scent , and again , products are available from pet shops which fulfil a similar [purpose] , in contrast to those which attract the dog .

Malinowski ( 1964 ) argues that ritual served an important function in that it alleviated the anxiety of the participants in areas of uncertainty .
malinowski ( 1964 ) argues that ritual served an important [purpose] in that it alleviated the anxiety of the participants in areas of uncertainty .

Much of Shavante life , in Maybury-Lewis 's words ( 1971 : 104 ) , ‘ is a function of politics , and Shavante politics is based on competition between groups of males ’ .
much of shavante life , in maybury-lewis 's words ( 1971 : 104 ) , ‘ is a [purpose] of politics , and shavante politics is based on competition between groups of males ’ .

Its main function is to attract a female : male cuckoos do not appear to be territorial since the areas over which males sing often overlap as do the egg-laying ranges of females .
its main [purpose] is to attract a female : male cuckoos do not appear to be territorial since the areas over which males sing often overlap as do the egg-laying ranges of females .

Its function is not known as yet , but the leaf may serve as mobile camouflage to protect the fish from the eight species of kingfisher which feed along this river or it may act as a ‘ stalking horse ’ as the fish pursues its prey .
its [purpose] is not known as yet , but the leaf may serve as mobile camouflage to protect the fish from the eight species of kingfisher which feed along this river or it may act as a ‘ stalking horse ’ as the fish pursues its prey .

There can be no doubt , however , about the function of the second case of tool use among fish .
there can be no doubt , however , about the [purpose] of the second case of tool use among fish .

The bower is not a nest : its function is purely to attract the female .
the bower is not a nest : its [purpose] is purely to attract the female .

Instead , their function is to help the male prevent others from taking the female from him .
instead , their [purpose] is to help the male prevent others from taking the female from him .

And among those animals which secrete poisons but have no means of injecting them , their function is usually defensive : in the case of certain tropical sea-urchins , it makes the eggs distasteful to predators .
and among those animals which secrete poisons but have no means of injecting them , their [purpose] is usually defensive : in the case of certain tropical sea-urchins , it makes the eggs distasteful to predators .

‘ Cadet d'Arquebus ! ’ screamed the Chaplain , suffused with a righteous rage which he may or may not have been simulating . ‘ What is the function of Lyman 's Ear , which will replace your own lug , should you survive so long ? ’
‘ cadet d'arquebus ! ’ screamed the chaplain , suffused with a righteous rage which he may or may not have been simulating . ‘ what is the [purpose] of lyman 's ear , which will replace your own lug , should you survive so long ? ’

These proposals are , however , made much more complex by the existence of old long-stay wards in hospitals whose main function , quite clearly , is social care , yet which for many years are going to be run by the Health Service .
these proposals are , however , made much more complex by the existence of old long-stay wards in hospitals whose main [purpose] , quite clearly , is social care , yet which for many years are going to be run by the health service .

Finally , the system must provide for the coordination , integration and binding together of services so that they function as one ‘ seamless service ’ , providing all the elements which one individual requires ( this is the function of case management described in Chapter 6 )
finally , the system must provide for the coordination , integration and binding together of services so that they [purpose] as one ‘ seamless service ’ , providing all the elements which one individual requires ( this is the [purpose] of case management described in chapter 6 )

If community care is to function properly , suitable housing must be affordable on the low income support funds available for unemployed disabled people .
if community care is to [purpose] properly , suitable housing must be affordable on the low income support funds available for unemployed disabled people .

The phrase ‘ rehabilitation ’ denotes no more than the practice of helping individuals to function as well as they can in all areas of their daily life or , more simply , to be happier and more fulfilled people .
the phrase ‘ rehabilitation ’ denotes no more than the practice of helping individuals to [purpose] as well as they can in all areas of their daily life or , more simply , to be happier and more fulfilled people .

In the earliest phase of a mental disorder , relatives feel puzzled and bewildered by what is happening , and it can take many months or even years before deteriorating social function gives way to overt symptoms which can be clearly interpreted as mental illness .
in the earliest phase of a mental disorder , relatives feel puzzled and bewildered by what is happening , and it can take many months or even years before deteriorating social [purpose] gives way to overt symptoms which can be clearly interpreted as mental illness .

Where such a dual management function exists , an external group of people should be appointed to evaluate the performance of the service against agreed criteria .
where such a dual management [purpose] exists , an external group of people should be appointed to evaluate the performance of the service against agreed criteria .

Where site assembly is involved , the speculator fulfils a valuable function .
where site assembly is involved , the speculator fulfils a valuable [purpose] .

This is particularly the case where builders do not maintain a stores department or utilise a yard , and in fact many builders function only on the basis of direct delivery from the builders ' merchant to the site .
this is particularly the case where builders do not maintain a stores department or utilise a yard , and in fact many builders [purpose] only on the basis of direct delivery from the builders ' merchant to the site .

In Green and Porter 's model it is assumed that a firm 's choice of output can not be observed by another firm , and the sum of all outputs determines market price according to a demand function which is subject to unobservable random shocks .
in green and porter 's model it is assumed that a firm 's choice of output can not be observed by another firm , and the sum of all outputs determines market price according to a demand [purpose] which is subject to unobservable random shocks .

In the simple model above each firm must know that the other 's costs are identical to its own , and must know that they have the same beliefs about the market demand function as well as in the credibility of the punishment that would result from a deviation .
in the simple model above each firm must know that the other 's costs are identical to its own , and must know that they have the same beliefs about the market demand [purpose] as well as in the credibility of the punishment that would result from a deviation .

Trade associations : many industries have a central organization which may function fairly innocuously , handling public relations at the industry-wide level and organizing conventions , trade fairs , etc .
trade associations : many industries have a central organization which may [purpose] fairly innocuously , handling public relations at the industry-wide level and organizing conventions , trade fairs , etc .

The point may be illustrated in a reaction function diagram .
the point may be illustrated in a reaction [purpose] diagram .

The line ( 0 ) is the reaction function of manufacturer 1 whilst is the reaction function of the retailer of 2 's product when charged an input price ( costs are assumed here to equal zero ) .
the line ( 0 ) is the reaction [purpose] of manufacturer 1 whilst is the reaction [purpose] of the retailer of 2 's product when charged an input price ( costs are assumed here to equal zero ) .

When charged an input price of 0 , ( 0 ) is also the reaction function of the retailer of good 1 .
when charged an input price of 0 , ( 0 ) is also the reaction [purpose] of the retailer of good 1 .

On such a problem , although you may venture an opinion as to the proper verdict on the point , and argue your opinion to the best of your ability , you should not , in the last resort , usurp the function of the jury ( or of the judge when there is no jury ) .
on such a problem , although you may venture an opinion as to the proper verdict on the point , and argue your opinion to the best of your ability , you should not , in the last resort , usurp the [purpose] of the jury ( or of the judge when there is no jury ) .

The main function of the other members of the court is to assist in putting possible objections to counsel . )
the main [purpose] of the other members of the court is to assist in putting possible objections to counsel . )

My little book will have performed -a useful function if it persuades one or two of the best of its readers to take up this career .
my little book will have performed -a useful [purpose] if it persuades one or two of the best of its readers to take up this career .

They may also be expressed syntactically , for instance by manipulating the order of elements in a clause to indicate certain relations between the elements or the function of the clause ( cf .
they may also be expressed syntactically , for instance by manipulating the order of elements in a clause to indicate certain relations between the elements or the [purpose] of the clause ( cf .

But gender distinctions in the case of human referents are not arbitrary , and that is why Lyons , for instance , suggests that what is important in communication is the pronominal function of gender rather than the category of gender in general ( 1968 ) .
but gender distinctions in the case of human referents are not arbitrary , and that is why lyons , for instance , suggests that what is important in communication is the pronominal [purpose] of gender rather than the category of gender in general ( 1968 ) .

The pronominal function of gender reflects a genuine , non-arbitrary distinction between male and female .
the pronominal [purpose] of gender reflects a genuine , non-arbitrary distinction between male and female .

The following text illustrates the kind of problem that the pronominal function of gender can pose in translation .
the following text illustrates the kind of problem that the pronominal [purpose] of gender can pose in translation .

Although the main use of the grammatical categories of tense and aspect is to indicate time and aspectual relations , they do not necessarily perform the same function in all languages .
although the main use of the grammatical categories of tense and aspect is to indicate time and aspectual relations , they do not necessarily perform the same [purpose] in all languages .

For instance , the main function of the tense system in Hopi is to signal modal meanings such as certainty , uncertainty , possibility , and obligation .
for instance , the main [purpose] of the tense system in hopi is to signal modal meanings such as certainty , uncertainty , possibility , and obligation .

This is because the main function of the passive in most languages is to allow the construction of ‘ agentless ’ clauses .
this is because the main [purpose] of the passive in most languages is to allow the construction of ‘ agentless ’ clauses .

In some languages , such as Turkish , this seems to be its only function .
in some languages , such as turkish , this seems to be its only [purpose] .

The main function of the passive in English and in a number of other languages is , as already mentioned , to avoid specifying the agent and to give an impression of objectivity .
the main [purpose] of the passive in english and in a number of other languages is , as already mentioned , to avoid specifying the agent and to give an impression of objectivity .

This is not necessarily the function of the passive in all languages which have a category of voice .
this is not necessarily the [purpose] of the passive in all languages which have a category of voice .

Here are some examples which confirm that professional Japanese and Chinese translators are sensitive to the difference in function of the passive in English and in their target languages and generally tend to replace a large number of English passive structures with active structures in their target texts in order to avoid negative connotations .
here are some examples which confirm that professional japanese and chinese translators are sensitive to the difference in [purpose] of the passive in english and in their target languages and generally tend to replace a large number of english passive structures with active structures in their target texts in order to avoid negative connotations .

The most important things to bear in mind as far as voice is concerned are the frequency of use of active , passive , and similar structures in the source and target languages , their respective stylistic value in different text types , and — most important of all — the function ( s ) of the passive and similar structures in each language .
the most important things to bear in mind as far as voice is concerned are the frequency of use of active , passive , and similar structures in the source and target languages , their respective stylistic value in different text types , and — most important of all — the [purpose] ( s ) of the passive and similar structures in each language .

The idea is not to replace an active form with an active one and a passive form with a passive one ; it is always the function of a category rather than the form it takes that is of paramount importance in translation .
the idea is not to replace an active form with an active one and a passive form with a passive one ; it is always the [purpose] of a category rather than the form it takes that is of paramount importance in translation .

In such languages , the form of a noun changes depending on its function in the clause .
in such languages , the form of a noun changes depending on its [purpose] in the clause .

So far so good , but what is the function of marked theme ?
so far so good , but what is the [purpose] of marked theme ?

This suggests that a marked theme has an additional or different function .
this suggests that a marked theme has an additional or different [purpose] .

There are , for instance , several conflicting claims concerning the function of the Japanese suffix -wa : some suggest that it is an obligatory marker of topic ( this claim is implicit in Li , 1976 : 465 ) ; others suggest that it marks given information ( see 5.1.2. below for an explanation of given vs new information ) .
there are , for instance , several conflicting claims concerning the [purpose] of the japanese suffix -wa : some suggest that it is an obligatory marker of topic ( this claim is implicit in li , 1976 : 465 ) ; others suggest that it marks given information ( see 5.1.2. below for an explanation of given vs new information ) .

Because stress is not available in written language , intricate syntactic devices have to be used to perform a similar function .
because stress is not available in written language , intricate syntactic devices have to be used to perform a similar [purpose] .

To distinguish between the function of marked theme and that of marked rheme , we could say that marked theme gives prominence to an element as linking information , whereas marked rheme gives prominence to an element as the core of the message .
to distinguish between the [purpose] of marked theme and that of marked rheme , we could say that marked theme gives prominence to an element as linking information , whereas marked rheme gives prominence to an element as the core of the message .

The theory of functional sentence perspective was developed by a group of Czech linguists who pioneered most studies investigating the interaction between syntax and communicative function .
the theory of functional sentence perspective was developed by a group of czech linguists who pioneered most studies investigating the interaction between syntax and communicative [purpose] .

The transition consists of elements which perform the function of linking the foundation-laying and the core-constituting parts of the clause .
the transition consists of elements which perform the [purpose] of linking the foundation-laying and the core-constituting parts of the clause .

The pathetic order is marked and its function is to convey emotion of some sort : it may be contrastive or contradictory , for example .
the pathetic order is marked and its [purpose] is to convey emotion of some sort : it may be contrastive or contradictory , for example .

5.2.3 The tension between word order and communicative function : a problem in translation ?
5.2.3 the tension between word order and communicative [purpose] : a problem in translation ?

Irrespective of the specific examples used by Firbas , this view implies that , generally speaking , in languages with relatively free word order there will be less tension between the requirements of syntax and those of communicative function .
irrespective of the specific examples used by firbas , this view implies that , generally speaking , in languages with relatively free word order there will be less tension between the requirements of syntax and those of communicative [purpose] .

Conversely , in languages with relatively fixed word order there will be greater instances of tension between syntax and communicative function .
conversely , in languages with relatively fixed word order there will be greater instances of tension between syntax and communicative [purpose] .

Dopamine and motor function .
dopamine and motor [purpose] .

Dopamine and motor function .
dopamine and motor [purpose] .

The placement of verbs in initial position in the Portuguese text has a communicative function : it thematizes processes as the writer 's point of departure , an arrangement particularly suited to the reporting of academic research and scientific methods .
the placement of verbs in initial position in the portuguese text has a communicative [purpose] : it thematizes processes as the writer 's point of departure , an arrangement particularly suited to the reporting of academic research and scientific methods .

The above strategies are potentially available for resolving the tension between word order and communicative function .
the above strategies are potentially available for resolving the tension between word order and communicative [purpose] .

As in Philadelphia the major effort of the Belfast research was focused on the community studies ; the main function of both the doorstep survey and the telephone survey was to provide a context within which to place the findings of those studies .
as in philadelphia the major effort of the belfast research was focused on the community studies ; the main [purpose] of both the doorstep survey and the telephone survey was to provide a context within which to place the findings of those studies .

The idea of using social network as a speaker variable was developed in Belfast in response to an explicit hypothesis concerning the capacity of closeknit networks to function in society as a norm enforcement mechanism .
the idea of using social network as a speaker variable was developed in belfast in response to an explicit hypothesis concerning the capacity of closeknit networks to [purpose] in society as a norm enforcement mechanism .

This rather larger-scale aspect of the social function of different types of network tie has important implications for a socially accountable theory of linguistic change and diffusion ( Milroy and Milroy 1985b ) .
this rather larger-scale aspect of the social [purpose] of different types of network tie has important implications for a socially accountable theory of linguistic change and diffusion ( milroy and milroy 1985b ) .

requests for information or for action ) occur in a text , there is no guarantee that they will be realized syntactically as interrogatives ; there is no simple isomorphic relationship between function and form .
requests for information or for action ) occur in a text , there is no guarantee that they will be realized syntactically as interrogatives ; there is no simple isomorphic relationship between [purpose] and form .

We was living in the other house then It might be added that in the Belfast data no instances of these ( in either its pronoun or determiner function ) or of the related form theseuns were found as subjects of singular verbs . However , the semantically and syntactically equivalent item them ( in both pronoun and determiner function ) along with the related form themuns co-occurred freely with singular verbs , apparently favouring the application of the non-standard concord rule :
we was living in the other house then it might be added that in the belfast data no instances of these ( in either its pronoun or determiner [purpose] ) or of the related form theseuns were found as subjects of singular verbs . however , the semantically and syntactically equivalent item them ( in both pronoun and determiner [purpose] ) along with the related form themuns co-occurred freely with singular verbs , apparently favouring the application of the non-standard concord rule :

The capacity of computers to handle text in various ways is particularly relevant to quantitative syntactic work ; this is a function additional to their sorting and counting ( ‘ number-crunching ’ ) capacities which are useful in statistical analysis ( cf .
the capacity of computers to handle text in various ways is particularly relevant to quantitative syntactic work ; this is a [purpose] additional to their sorting and counting ( ‘ number-crunching ’ ) capacities which are useful in statistical analysis ( cf .

As Lavandera ( 1978b ) has remarked , one paradoxical consequence of the ‘ sea-change ’ in the concept of the sociolinguistic variable evident in the Weiner and Labov paper is that the authors seem to be attempting to argue for a function of variation almost converse to that which emerged from Labov 's earlier work .
as lavandera ( 1978b ) has remarked , one paradoxical consequence of the ‘ sea-change ’ in the concept of the sociolinguistic variable evident in the weiner and labov paper is that the authors seem to be attempting to argue for a [purpose] of variation almost converse to that which emerged from labov 's earlier work .

Lavandera 's response to these difficulties is to propose an initial examination by the analyst of discourse function rather than of surface grammatical form , followed by consideration of the functions which are served by the form — the subjunctive in this case .
lavandera 's response to these difficulties is to propose an initial examination by the analyst of discourse [purpose] rather than of surface grammatical form , followed by consideration of the functions which are served by the form — the subjunctive in this case .

Such an approach , as is demonstrated by the example of cocoliche speakers ' avoidance of indirect speech , permits the important insight that the function fulfilled by the subjunctive in Spanish is fulfilled in cocoliche by quite other means .
such an approach , as is demonstrated by the example of cocoliche speakers ' avoidance of indirect speech , permits the important insight that the [purpose] fulfilled by the subjunctive in spanish is fulfilled in cocoliche by quite other means .

Sankoff and Laberge are interested principally in the alternation between on on the one hand , and tu/vous on the other in their function as indefinite personal pronouns ( cf .
sankoff and laberge are interested principally in the alternation between on on the one hand , and tu/vous on the other in their [purpose] as indefinite personal pronouns ( cf .

The discourse constraints which favour indefinite reference are complex ; the formulation of morals and truisms is one example discussed by the authors ( cf. 53 ) , and in this discourse function on is overwhelmingly preferred . Also considered are purely surface syntactic constraints , as in 54 ; it is noted that ‘ indefinite tu or vous can not be used in contexts where there is a definite ‘ you ’ immediately to the left , for fear of confusion with the latter ’ ( p. 289 ) :
the discourse constraints which favour indefinite reference are complex ; the formulation of morals and truisms is one example discussed by the authors ( cf. 53 ) , and in this discourse [purpose] on is overwhelmingly preferred . also considered are purely surface syntactic constraints , as in 54 ; it is noted that ‘ indefinite tu or vous can not be used in contexts where there is a definite ‘ you ’ immediately to the left , for fear of confusion with the latter ’ ( p. 289 ) :

Sankoff and Brown 's study of relative clauses in Tok Pisin concentrates overwhelmingly on discourse function , syntactic structure being viewed as a ‘ component of , and derivative from , discourse structure ’ ( Sankoff and Brown 1980 : 211 ) .
sankoff and brown 's study of relative clauses in tok pisin concentrates overwhelmingly on discourse [purpose] , syntactic structure being viewed as a ‘ component of , and derivative from , discourse structure ’ ( sankoff and brown 1980 : 211 ) .

The particle ia , which functions as a relativizer , bracketing off relative from main clause , as in 55 , is shown to have developed from an earlier deictic function , as in 56 :
the particle ia , which functions as a relativizer , bracketing off relative from main clause , as in 55 , is shown to have developed from an earlier deictic [purpose] , as in 56 :

For example , Turnock ( 1968 ) in a study of northeast Scotland found that depopulation in the area was not only a function of a retreat from hill farming but also a process of concentration into fewer but larger settlements , and Johnston ( 1965 ) in a study of northern England found that village size was important in not only retaining the existing population but also attracting newcomers from nearby towns .
for example , turnock ( 1968 ) in a study of northeast scotland found that depopulation in the area was not only a [purpose] of a retreat from hill farming but also a process of concentration into fewer but larger settlements , and johnston ( 1965 ) in a study of northern england found that village size was important in not only retaining the existing population but also attracting newcomers from nearby towns .

However , most workers stress that rural deprivation is n't a function of rurality but is instead a product of the national social structure which according to Neate ( 1981 , 20–1 ) is then :
however , most workers stress that rural deprivation is n't a [purpose] of rurality but is instead a product of the national social structure which according to neate ( 1981 , 20–1 ) is then :

The function of the journey itself ;
the [purpose] of the journey itself ;

During its early history the bill of lading was an appendage of the charter party and of the contract of ocean carriage The function of the bill of lading was to acknowledge receipt of the cargo delivered by the shipper to the shipowner , charterer , or master of the vessel and to summarize the principal terms of the contract of ocean freight .
during its early history the bill of lading was an appendage of the charter party and of the contract of ocean carriage the [purpose] of the bill of lading was to acknowledge receipt of the cargo delivered by the shipper to the shipowner , charterer , or master of the vessel and to summarize the principal terms of the contract of ocean freight .

Savary 's statements show that the 17th century bill of lading had begun to function as a ‘ necessary ’ document ; only by showing the document could Savary 's shipper-owner claim lawful possession of the goods he had shipped in his own vessel .
savary 's statements show that the 17th century bill of lading had begun to [purpose] as a ‘ necessary ’ document ; only by showing the document could savary 's shipper-owner claim lawful possession of the goods he had shipped in his own vessel .

’ This certifying function was confirmed in a subsequent paragraph of Savary 's opinion .
’ this certifying [purpose] was confirmed in a subsequent paragraph of savary 's opinion .

In some of the most active maritime routes , such as in the North Atlantic and Baltic , the ocean bill has been largely replaced by sea waybills which are receipts of shipment and which can act as documents of title where the applicable law allows such a function .
in some of the most active maritime routes , such as in the north atlantic and baltic , the ocean bill has been largely replaced by sea waybills which are receipts of shipment and which can act as documents of title where the applicable law allows such a [purpose] .

By preventing interested third parties from inquiring about the status of transactions , including shipments , the notice function of the registry was minimized , and its role in the business world may have been diminished .
by preventing interested third parties from inquiring about the status of transactions , including shipments , the notice [purpose] of the registry was minimized , and its role in the business world may have been diminished .

Two reasons prevent it from continuing to provide this function .
two reasons prevent it from continuing to provide this [purpose] .

Neither can it be forecast whether registration will be an essential prerequisite for the creation of in rem rights in the cargo , as it is for the creation of in rem rights in real property in the German Grundbuch or whether it will have a purely notice giving function .
neither can it be forecast whether registration will be an essential prerequisite for the creation of in rem rights in the cargo , as it is for the creation of in rem rights in real property in the german grundbuch or whether it will have a purely notice giving [purpose] .

‘ But you 're entitled , Mrs Neumann , ’ Zvi Lipsky insisted , his watery eyes almost overflowing with frustration at finding someone evidently intent on undermining his whole function as Hon .
‘ but you 're entitled , mrs neumann , ’ zvi lipsky insisted , his watery eyes almost overflowing with frustration at finding someone evidently intent on undermining his whole [purpose] as hon .

In a political system dominated by the direct relations between the leadership of the country and the voters , the major function of Parliament has altered .
in a political system dominated by the direct relations between the leadership of the country and the voters , the major [purpose] of parliament has altered .

The main function of MPs is to support their leaders , to attack the other side and to score the maximum points with the electorate in preparation for the next general election .
the main [purpose] of mps is to support their leaders , to attack the other side and to score the maximum points with the electorate in preparation for the next general election .

For the man who enters the House at a later age who does not expect to get and perhaps does not want office , there is no point in continual exertions to catch the limelight and this is the kind of member who is particularly prone to regard his function as supporting his leaders .
for the man who enters the house at a later age who does not expect to get and perhaps does not want office , there is no point in continual exertions to catch the limelight and this is the kind of member who is particularly prone to regard his [purpose] as supporting his leaders .

This is because both frontbenches accept that it is the function of the House to permit the two sides to state their cases , and each party in power has respected the right of the Opposition to determine the subjects of debate for about one-third of the total time of the House .
this is because both frontbenches accept that it is the [purpose] of the house to permit the two sides to state their cases , and each party in power has respected the right of the opposition to determine the subjects of debate for about one-third of the total time of the house .

Turning from the functions of legislating and authorizing both expenditure and taxation to the other traditional function of pressing the government , the procedures involved have also undergone change but there has been a greater effort made to keep this weapon sharpened and up to the armour it has to pierce .
turning from the functions of legislating and authorizing both expenditure and taxation to the other traditional [purpose] of pressing the government , the procedures involved have also undergone change but there has been a greater effort made to keep this weapon sharpened and up to the armour it has to pierce .

In 1978 the Select Committee on Procedure urged the creation of a series of select committees specialized by function as a permanent feature of parliamentary life .
in 1978 the select committee on procedure urged the creation of a series of select committees specialized by [purpose] as a permanent feature of parliamentary life .

At present , no minister could answer a parliamentary question by saying that whatever his views on the matter , responsibility had been allocated for this function to Assistant Secretary Brown and it was up to that official to take whatever course of action he thought best to achieve the set objectives .
at present , no minister could answer a parliamentary question by saying that whatever his views on the matter , responsibility had been allocated for this [purpose] to assistant secretary brown and it was up to that official to take whatever course of action he thought best to achieve the set objectives .

Certainly , it is not the function of select committees to discipline civil servants .
certainly , it is not the [purpose] of select committees to discipline civil servants .

Thus every time a nominated board is established to perform some administrative function , it is felt that some sort of democratic check is necessary and as elections can not be run for each ad hoc board , another nominated body is created called an ‘ advisory council ’ , the idea being that this acts in lieu of democratic control .
thus every time a nominated board is established to perform some administrative [purpose] , it is felt that some sort of democratic check is necessary and as elections can not be run for each ad hoc board , another nominated body is created called an ‘ advisory council ’ , the idea being that this acts in lieu of democratic control .

Since the third function has often been presented as a negative contribution to economic growth , it is also discussed in the following chapter .
since the third [purpose] has often been presented as a negative contribution to economic growth , it is also discussed in the following chapter .

The various studies attempting to measure the link between education and economic development can be divided into two groups : the statistical correlation studies and the production function studies .
the various studies attempting to measure the link between education and economic development can be divided into two groups : the statistical correlation studies and the production [purpose] studies .

Though the production function approach was subjected to a great deal of criticism from the start , this criticism increased very substantially in the 1970s as the economies of the world began to stagnate .
though the production [purpose] approach was subjected to a great deal of criticism from the start , this criticism increased very substantially in the 1970s as the economies of the world began to stagnate .

If the judicial function were wholly automatic , then not only would the making of decisions in the courts be of little interest but it would not be necessary to recruit highly trained and intellectually able men and women to serve as judges and to pay them handsome salaries .
if the judicial [purpose] were wholly automatic , then not only would the making of decisions in the courts be of little interest but it would not be necessary to recruit highly trained and intellectually able men and women to serve as judges and to pay them handsome salaries .

It is the creative function of judges ( see further , below , chapter 8 ) that makes their job important and makes worthwhile some assessment of the way they behave , especially in political cases .
it is the creative [purpose] of judges ( see further , below , chapter 8 ) that makes their job important and makes worthwhile some assessment of the way they behave , especially in political cases .

It must be remembered that in most cases for most of the time the function of the judge with the help of the jury if there is one ) is to ascertain the facts .
it must be remembered that in most cases for most of the time the [purpose] of the judge with the help of the jury if there is one ) is to ascertain the facts .

Collectively , in their function and by their nature , they are neither Tories nor Socialists nor Liberals .
collectively , in their [purpose] and by their nature , they are neither tories nor socialists nor liberals .

Its function is to provide training for judges , especially for those acting as Assistant Recorders or deputy Registrars , and for lay magistrates ; but also for other judges through refresher seminars , also attended by civil servants .
its [purpose] is to provide training for judges , especially for those acting as assistant recorders or deputy registrars , and for lay magistrates ; but also for other judges through refresher seminars , also attended by civil servants .

The status and function of these courts came into question during one of the most critical of these enquiries , that presided over by Lord Wilberforce in 1972 into the dispute about miners ' pay which had led to a widespread stoppage of work .
the status and [purpose] of these courts came into question during one of the most critical of these enquiries , that presided over by lord wilberforce in 1972 into the dispute about miners ' pay which had led to a widespread stoppage of work .

The consultative function
the consultative [purpose]

This is seen by some judges as usurping their function .
this is seen by some judges as usurping their [purpose] .

It seems to me a matter of the highest possible importance that where a quasi-judicial function is being exercised , under such circumstances as it had to be exercised here , with the result of depriving people of their property , especially if it is done without compensation , the persons concerned should be satisfied that nothing unfair has been done in the matter , and that ex parte statements have not been heard before the decision has been given without any chance for the person concerned to refute those statements .
it seems to me a matter of the highest possible importance that where a quasi-judicial [purpose] is being exercised , under such circumstances as it had to be exercised here , with the result of depriving people of their property , especially if it is done without compensation , the persons concerned should be satisfied that nothing unfair has been done in the matter , and that ex parte statements have not been heard before the decision has been given without any chance for the person concerned to refute those statements .

In England pop culture has a simultaneous function — inextricably intertwined to a degree unmatched anywhere else in the world of exploitation and expression : exploitation as the product of an industry at the sharp end of the new conditions of capitalism , expression by virtue of its position — which has occurred by default — as the main area of activity in our society which freely admits voices of both youth and change .
in england pop culture has a simultaneous [purpose] — inextricably intertwined to a degree unmatched anywhere else in the world of exploitation and expression : exploitation as the product of an industry at the sharp end of the new conditions of capitalism , expression by virtue of its position — which has occurred by default — as the main area of activity in our society which freely admits voices of both youth and change .

The tension between these two contradictory functions has provided the space within which new signs and new attitudes can break through ; it also , depending on which function is in the ascendant , explains pop culture 's vacillation to date between empty reaction and charged visions of possible futures .
the tension between these two contradictory functions has provided the space within which new signs and new attitudes can break through ; it also , depending on which [purpose] is in the ascendant , explains pop culture 's vacillation to date between empty reaction and charged visions of possible futures .

The cult of the dead at the tomb was a strictly religious function .
the cult of the dead at the tomb was a strictly religious [purpose] .

The function of the sacrificial pit is transferred to an altar outside ( often opposite the east door ) and the building becomes a house for the god in the statue .
the [purpose] of the sacrificial pit is transferred to an altar outside ( often opposite the east door ) and the building becomes a house for the god in the statue .

An early temple in Sicily had a huge terracotta Gorgon-mask in the gable-centre ; and groups of fighting animals , which seem to have the same function , adorn other early pediments .
an early temple in sicily had a huge terracotta gorgon-mask in the gable-centre ; and groups of fighting animals , which seem to have the same [purpose] , adorn other early pediments .

In Zeus 's other great sanctuary , at Dodona in the north , he seems likewise to have been without a temple until the fifth century ; perhaps it is a function of his ancient role as sky-god .
in zeus 's other great sanctuary , at dodona in the north , he seems likewise to have been without a temple until the fifth century ; perhaps it is a [purpose] of his ancient role as sky-god .

We should also remember that we expect many of the elderly to function under circumstances of stress which would strain people of any age : bereavement , repeated as contemporaries gradually die , worry about money , fear of increasing infirmity , isolation and death .
we should also remember that we expect many of the elderly to [purpose] under circumstances of stress which would strain people of any age : bereavement , repeated as contemporaries gradually die , worry about money , fear of increasing infirmity , isolation and death .

Thus Kafka 's novel The Trial , for example , can be read , from different positions , as ( a ) mediation by projection — an arbitrary and irrational social system is not directly described , in its own terms , but projected , in its essentials , as strange and alien ; or ( b ) mediation by the discovery of an ‘ objective correlative ' — a situation and characters are composed to produce , in an objective form , the subjective or actual feelings — an inexpressible guilt — from which the original impulse to composition came ; or ( c ) mediation as a function of the fundamental social processes of consciousness , in which certain crises which can not otherwise be directly apprehended are ‘ crystallized ’ in certain direct images and forms of art — images which then illuminate a basic ( social and psychological ) condition : not just Kafka 's but a general alienation .
thus kafka 's novel the trial , for example , can be read , from different positions , as ( a ) mediation by projection — an arbitrary and irrational social system is not directly described , in its own terms , but projected , in its essentials , as strange and alien ; or ( b ) mediation by the discovery of an ‘ objective correlative ' — a situation and characters are composed to produce , in an objective form , the subjective or actual feelings — an inexpressible guilt — from which the original impulse to composition came ; or ( c ) mediation as a [purpose] of the fundamental social processes of consciousness , in which certain crises which can not otherwise be directly apprehended are ‘ crystallized ’ in certain direct images and forms of art — images which then illuminate a basic ( social and psychological ) condition : not just kafka 's but a general alienation .

The distinction of these functions was in part a result of their internal development , as each function required more skill and time .
the distinction of these functions was in part a result of their internal development , as each [purpose] required more skill and time .

By the time we come , at a later stage again , to any evidence of actual work , we can certainly see the fulfilment of the latter function , in the very common eulogy or encomium of men in power .
by the time we come , at a later stage again , to any evidence of actual work , we can certainly see the fulfilment of the latter [purpose] , in the very common eulogy or encomium of men in power .

But then , extending from these , we can see the mixed character of the sagas and genealogies , which often function as legitimation of power but are also versions of history .
but then , extending from these , we can see the mixed character of the sagas and genealogies , which often [purpose] as legitimation of power but are also versions of history .

Beyond these again , there are clear cases of more general lore and precept and observation , which undoubtedly served a more extended social function .
beyond these again , there are clear cases of more general lore and precept and observation , which undoubtedly served a more extended social [purpose] .

The recognition and further specialization of the bardic function continued to change , as the societies changed .
the recognition and further specialization of the bardic [purpose] continued to change , as the societies changed .

Thus after the Christianization of Ireland , the priestly function was removed to a quite different kind of order , increasingly employing writing , while the bardic function , still often oral , entered a different and more specialized relationship to the aristocratic families .
thus after the christianization of ireland , the priestly [purpose] was removed to a quite different kind of order , increasingly employing writing , while the bardic [purpose] , still often oral , entered a different and more specialized relationship to the aristocratic families .

There might still be some direct commissioning , and some direct ( retaining ) support , but the main function of such patronage was social support , in the uncertain social and legal conditions of theatres and actors .
there might still be some direct commissioning , and some direct ( retaining ) support , but the main [purpose] of such patronage was social support , in the uncertain social and legal conditions of theatres and actors .

His function was to provide early support , or early encouragement , to artists beginning to make their way in the market , or unable to sustain some particular project within it .
his [purpose] was to provide early support , or early encouragement , to artists beginning to make their way in the market , or unable to sustain some particular project within it .

Public ‘ patronage ’ , from revenues raised by taxation , has some continuities of function and attitude with earlier forms , but some quite new definitions of function , such as the deliberate maintenance and extension of the arts as a matter of general public policy .
public ‘ patronage ’ , from revenues raised by taxation , has some continuities of [purpose] and attitude with earlier forms , but some quite new definitions of [purpose] , such as the deliberate maintenance and extension of the arts as a matter of general public policy .

By the twentieth century many of these were beginning to move , through much internal controversy about the social-class implications , to a kind of trade-union status and function .
by the twentieth century many of these were beginning to move , through much internal controversy about the social-class implications , to a kind of trade-union status and [purpose] .

That the Godwinians were politically repressed was a function of these general class relations , as well of the severity of the historical crisis .
that the godwinians were politically repressed was a [purpose] of these general class relations , as well of the severity of the historical crisis .

Writing moved from ( i ) a supporting and recording function , in societies in which oral composition and tradition were still predominant , through ( ii ) a stage in which this function was joined by written composition for oral performance and ( iii ) a further stage in which composition was additionally written only to be read , to ( iv ) that later and very familiar stage in which most or virtually all composition was written to be silently read , and was at last , for this reason , generalized as ‘ literature ’ .
writing moved from ( i ) a supporting and recording [purpose] , in societies in which oral composition and tradition were still predominant , through ( ii ) a stage in which this [purpose] was joined by written composition for oral performance and ( iii ) a further stage in which composition was additionally written only to be read , to ( iv ) that later and very familiar stage in which most or virtually all composition was written to be silently read , and was at last , for this reason , generalized as ‘ literature ’ .

In either case the reproducible image was still primarily a function of political or economic relationships .
in either case the reproducible image was still primarily a [purpose] of political or economic relationships .

Many , perhaps most , of these objects are seen now as ‘ works of art ’ , in one sense justly , because of their fine workmanship , but in another sense misleadingly , since their primary function , especially in this area of reproduction and deliberate circulation , was evidently religious or ideological .
many , perhaps most , of these objects are seen now as ‘ works of art ’ , in one sense justly , because of their fine workmanship , but in another sense misleadingly , since their primary [purpose] , especially in this area of reproduction and deliberate circulation , was evidently religious or ideological .

This can result in a relatively rapid turnover of cultural fashions , as one project of this kind succeeds another , and this area of relatively rapid innovation — often of a minor kind — has been important in the later twentieth century , as a direct function of the expansion and increased rate of internal circulation of the market itself .
this can result in a relatively rapid turnover of cultural fashions , as one project of this kind succeeds another , and this area of relatively rapid innovation — often of a minor kind — has been important in the later twentieth century , as a direct [purpose] of the expansion and increased rate of internal circulation of the market itself .

At its most typical , this new form of innovation is at least primarily a marketing function , and this contrasts sharply with other kinds of innovation , which , governed by internal cultural purposes , often find themselves at the very margin of the market or indeed outside it altogether .
at its most typical , this new form of innovation is at least primarily a marketing [purpose] , and this contrasts sharply with other kinds of innovation , which , governed by internal cultural purposes , often find themselves at the very margin of the market or indeed outside it altogether .

Here the total absence of signals led to every kind of confusion , but its point was a testing of the function of such signals : did the normal ‘ framing ’ of such situations , which at the restaurant table might follow word by word and action by action the scene of a play , inhibit or qualify the responses of ‘ others ’ / ‘ an audience ’ ?
here the total absence of signals led to every kind of confusion , but its point was a testing of the [purpose] of such signals : did the normal ‘ framing ’ of such situations , which at the restaurant table might follow word by word and action by action the scene of a play , inhibit or qualify the responses of ‘ others ’ / ‘ an audience ’ ?

These integrated systems are in general a function of specialization : distinct arts in distinct places at distinct times .
these integrated systems are in general a [purpose] of specialization : distinct arts in distinct places at distinct times .

This function of ‘ prologue ’ ( and of ‘ epilogue ’ or in the medieval case concluding homily ) continued into much later drama .
this [purpose] of ‘ prologue ’ ( and of ‘ epilogue ’ or in the medieval case concluding homily ) continued into much later drama .

Yet , while this function must be emphasized , we must not overlook some new kinds of signal .
yet , while this [purpose] must be emphasized , we must not overlook some new kinds of signal .

Want was all he could do , for his body had long ago ceased to function in that way .
want was all he could do , for his body had long ago ceased to [purpose] in that way .

Tied cottages , indeed , performed much the same function as the closed village in Victorian times , by enabling farmers to ensure that their expenditure on housing was limited as far as possible to guaranteeing their own labour requirements .
tied cottages , indeed , performed much the same [purpose] as the closed village in victorian times , by enabling farmers to ensure that their expenditure on housing was limited as far as possible to guaranteeing their own labour requirements .

If they followed the regime like some of the other young people , they would be a lot more mobile and more ‘ well ’ generally , because the implications of not doing some things affect not only the mobility but the actual kidney function , digestion and other things .
if they followed the regime like some of the other young people , they would be a lot more mobile and more ‘ well ’ generally , because the implications of not doing some things affect not only the mobility but the actual kidney [purpose] , digestion and other things .

Rather it claims to be a method of enabling the motor impaired ‘ to function in society without requiring special apparatus such as wheelchairs , ramps or other artificial aids ’ .
rather it claims to be a method of enabling the motor impaired ‘ to [purpose] in society without requiring special apparatus such as wheelchairs , ramps or other artificial aids ’ .

Its practical underpinning is ‘ orthofunction ’ : a teaching method which involves the whole person physically and mentally and which instils ‘ the ability to function as members of society , to participate in normal social settings appropriate to their age ’ .
its practical underpinning is ‘ orthofunction ’ : a teaching method which involves the whole person physically and mentally and which instils ‘ the ability to [purpose] as members of society , to participate in normal social settings appropriate to their age ’ .

Their function was to discuss arrangements for forthcoming events , such as trips , holiday arrangements , structured activities , and so on .
their [purpose] was to discuss arrangements for forthcoming events , such as trips , holiday arrangements , structured activities , and so on .

More involvement by Contact members might have been possible , with a radical reformulation of internal policies clarifying the group 's primary function .
more involvement by contact members might have been possible , with a radical reformulation of internal policies clarifying the group 's primary [purpose] .

They tried to find work where they could function well ; for example , a deaf person said she would avoid a position which involved treating patients in groups and would never work in a very large hospital .
they tried to find work where they could [purpose] well ; for example , a deaf person said she would avoid a position which involved treating patients in groups and would never work in a very large hospital .

Mental illness and loss of mental function are impairments too .
mental illness and loss of mental [purpose] are impairments too .

With the aim of clarification , medical epidemiologists have introduced the impairment/disability/handicap triad : loss of function or loss of part of the body ( impairment ) leads to difficulty with the tasks of daily living ( disability ) , resulting in economic and social disadvantage ( handicap ) .
with the aim of clarification , medical epidemiologists have introduced the impairment/disability/handicap triad : loss of [purpose] or loss of part of the body ( impairment ) leads to difficulty with the tasks of daily living ( disability ) , resulting in economic and social disadvantage ( handicap ) .

Perhaps she would never again be able to function normally .
perhaps she would never again be able to [purpose] normally .

Similarly , with the state lacking means of its own to regulate the conduct of business by its subjects overseas it was convenient to delegate this function to the great trading companies , which also assumed responsibility for general colonial administration .
similarly , with the state lacking means of its own to regulate the conduct of business by its subjects overseas it was convenient to delegate this [purpose] to the great trading companies , which also assumed responsibility for general colonial administration .

From the standpoint of advocates of social responsibility , therefore , it should be a function of company law to facilitate the reception and proper weighting of third party interests in corporate decision making , even though this may require the adoption of policies which are not privately profit maximising .
from the standpoint of advocates of social responsibility , therefore , it should be a [purpose] of company law to facilitate the reception and proper weighting of third party interests in corporate decision making , even though this may require the adoption of policies which are not privately profit maximising .

Alchian and Demsetz characterise the firm as involving a team use of inputs together with the occupancy of a central position by a party whose function is to monitor the outputs of the team members and the other factors of production employed in the firm .
alchian and demsetz characterise the firm as involving a team use of inputs together with the occupancy of a central position by a party whose [purpose] is to monitor the outputs of the team members and the other factors of production employed in the firm .

The central monitor , in turn , is given an incentive not to shirk in performing the monitoring function by giving him or her a right to the residual , that is , a right to the surplus that remains after all the other factors of production have been paid at the market rate .
the central monitor , in turn , is given an incentive not to shirk in performing the monitoring [purpose] by giving him or her a right to the residual , that is , a right to the surplus that remains after all the other factors of production have been paid at the market rate .

What is in issue here is ‘ demand ’ that includes an ability to pay , and that is a function of the distribution of wealth .
what is in issue here is ‘ demand ’ that includes an ability to pay , and that is a [purpose] of the distribution of wealth .

The solution to the problems of shirking and positional conflicts of interest is traditionally seen as lying in the governance function performed by the shareholders .
the solution to the problems of shirking and positional conflicts of interest is traditionally seen as lying in the governance [purpose] performed by the shareholders .

Another important function of the board , at least in theory , is to monitor the performance of senior executives , and also the performance of the company 's operating divisions and subsidiaries .
another important [purpose] of the board , at least in theory , is to monitor the performance of senior executives , and also the performance of the company 's operating divisions and subsidiaries .

Their function is in general to supplement the skills and experience of the management team , often by bringing a more dispassionate understanding to bear on strategic and operational matters .
their [purpose] is in general to supplement the skills and experience of the management team , often by bringing a more dispassionate understanding to bear on strategic and operational matters .

In some companies this role has to a degree been formalised through the creation of audit committees made up of non-executives , their function being to review the effectiveness of the company 's auditing procedures and to liaise with the auditors .
in some companies this role has to a degree been formalised through the creation of audit committees made up of non-executives , their [purpose] being to review the effectiveness of the company 's auditing procedures and to liaise with the auditors .

We should , however , briefly note that because of their dependence on inside management for their tenure of office , their likely minority position , and the absence of a legal specification of the monitoring function and of the powers necessary to perform it , the potential for non-executive directors to exercise meaningful control over the executive members of the board will usually be slight .
we should , however , briefly note that because of their dependence on inside management for their tenure of office , their likely minority position , and the absence of a legal specification of the monitoring [purpose] and of the powers necessary to perform it , the potential for non-executive directors to exercise meaningful control over the executive members of the board will usually be slight .

Even if the courts had the resources to perform the first of these tasks , the latter involves value judgments of a kind inappropriate to the judicial function .
even if the courts had the resources to perform the first of these tasks , the latter involves value judgments of a kind inappropriate to the judicial [purpose] .

Subjecting proposals to scrutiny by a body distinct from management may well be desirable , but this is clearly a function for an actual supervisory board , and not one for the court .
subjecting proposals to scrutiny by a body distinct from management may well be desirable , but this is clearly a [purpose] for an actual supervisory board , and not one for the court .

Given the inadequacy of the democratic control mechanisms , it was contended that an appropriate response might be to enhance the courts ' monitoring function .
given the inadequacy of the democratic control mechanisms , it was contended that an appropriate response might be to enhance the courts ' monitoring [purpose] .

Product market signals can , however , be amplified by linking management remuneration to company performance , and thus while the market may be largely ineffective in so far as it offers threats , it can be made to function better by providing incentives .
product market signals can , however , be amplified by linking management remuneration to company performance , and thus while the market may be largely ineffective in so far as it offers threats , it can be made to [purpose] better by providing incentives .

Thus , a principal function of top management is to co-ordinate and monitor the efforts of those lower down the hierarchy .
thus , a principal [purpose] of top management is to co-ordinate and monitor the efforts of those lower down the hierarchy .

The market is said to function in the following way .
the market is said to [purpose] in the following way .

performing the monitoring function ) are considerable , given the low visibility of the management decision-making process and the wide range of functions that a director may be called upon to perform .
performing the monitoring [purpose] ) are considerable , given the low visibility of the management decision-making process and the wide range of functions that a director may be called upon to perform .

These generally refer to finding a self-indexing function for tables in main storage ; Jaeschke has developed a method originally proposed by Cichell , and he has shown that , however complicated the key sequence is , a self-indexing function can be found for up to 40 keys so that they fit exactly into a table with the same number of storage positions .
these generally refer to finding a self-indexing [purpose] for tables in main storage ; jaeschke has developed a method originally proposed by cichell , and he has shown that , however complicated the key sequence is , a self-indexing [purpose] can be found for up to 40 keys so that they fit exactly into a table with the same number of storage positions .

Primary clustering results from runs of keys , in that they will be allocated to adjacent storage positions after division ; this is dispersed by quadratic hashing , in which the final storage position of the record depends on a function of the remainder from the original division , summed with a function of the square of the remainder .
primary clustering results from runs of keys , in that they will be allocated to adjacent storage positions after division ; this is dispersed by quadratic hashing , in which the final storage position of the record depends on a [purpose] of the remainder from the original division , summed with a [purpose] of the square of the remainder .

Once this occurs the democratic process can have an important function in failing to legitimize the state , and in providing justification for a rejection by groups of subjects not only of particular governments , but of more general constitutional arrangements .
once this occurs the democratic process can have an important [purpose] in failing to legitimize the state , and in providing justification for a rejection by groups of subjects not only of particular governments , but of more general constitutional arrangements .

The legislature has the function of making new law or amending or repealing existing law .
the legislature has the [purpose] of making new law or amending or repealing existing law .

The executive has the administrative function of conducting government in accordance with the law .
the executive has the administrative [purpose] of conducting government in accordance with the law .

The judiciary has the function of interpreting the law and applying it to specific cases .
the judiciary has the [purpose] of interpreting the law and applying it to specific cases .

In some political systems it has indeed practically no other function .
in some political systems it has indeed practically no other [purpose] .

In addition to being agents of the state these units of government have also traditionally performed another function .
in addition to being agents of the state these units of government have also traditionally performed another [purpose] .

It is in the constitutionally-sanctioned performance of this cooperative and critical function that legislative assemblies have a share in the exercise of state power .
it is in the constitutionally-sanctioned performance of this cooperative and critical [purpose] that legislative assemblies have a share in the exercise of state power .

Part of the function of Parliament is to make laws , which it does by enacting statutes .
part of the [purpose] of parliament is to make laws , which it does by enacting statutes .

The function of the court is to construe and apply the enactments of Parliament .
the [purpose] of the court is to construe and apply the enactments of parliament .

Some choirs function with as few as six .
some choirs [purpose] with as few as six .

So far , discussion at Conferences has ranged around questions such as the form and function of music and rite ; what distinguishes liturgical music in respect of its use , function and significance ; and music as the servant of the Word , the liturgical action and the congregation .
so far , discussion at conferences has ranged around questions such as the form and [purpose] of music and rite ; what distinguishes liturgical music in respect of its use , [purpose] and significance ; and music as the servant of the word , the liturgical action and the congregation .

This emphasised that after military government was terminated the civil Governor would return to function as sole authority until December 1948 .
this emphasised that after military government was terminated the civil governor would return to [purpose] as sole authority until december 1948 .

Perhaps the most basic function of organized education is to give students access to something which they would not otherwise have .
perhaps the most basic [purpose] of organized education is to give students access to something which they would not otherwise have .

Compulsory education constitutes the initial basic and general stages , the difference between the two being mainly a matter of scope and level rather than intention or function , though it sometimes corresponds to the transition from primary to secondary education .
compulsory education constitutes the initial basic and general stages , the difference between the two being mainly a matter of scope and level rather than intention or [purpose] , though it sometimes corresponds to the transition from primary to secondary education .

The generalist function of compulsory education seems thus to be becoming clearer .
the generalist [purpose] of compulsory education seems thus to be becoming clearer .

The generally utilitarian function , if not rationale of medieval universities ( Cobban 1975 ) , is acknowledged even by those such as Veblen ( 1957 , p. 3 ) , who argued that the best principles for academic endeavour are ‘ an Idle curiosity , and the Instinct of Workmanship ’ , and provides ammunition for Bell ( 1971 ) and others who contend that the liberal tradition is based largely on an historical myth .
the generally utilitarian [purpose] , if not rationale of medieval universities ( cobban 1975 ) , is acknowledged even by those such as veblen ( 1957 , p. 3 ) , who argued that the best principles for academic endeavour are ‘ an idle curiosity , and the instinct of workmanship ’ , and provides ammunition for bell ( 1971 ) and others who contend that the liberal tradition is based largely on an historical myth .

Professions are sometimes referred to as institutions , but the interesting point is that compared to many institutions they function less on the basis of formal , explicit regulations and codes than on informal , tacit norms and expectations .
professions are sometimes referred to as institutions , but the interesting point is that compared to many institutions they [purpose] less on the basis of formal , explicit regulations and codes than on informal , tacit norms and expectations .

The ability to distinguish between structure and detail , essential and inessential is a function of one 's knowledge of a subject .
the ability to distinguish between structure and detail , essential and inessential is a [purpose] of one 's knowledge of a subject .

However , the main reason for mentioning it in this methodological discussion is to show how subtle and fine-grained our analysis must be if we are to give an adequate account of the function of language variation in close-tie communities .
however , the main reason for mentioning it in this methodological discussion is to show how subtle and fine-grained our analysis must be if we are to give an adequate account of the [purpose] of language variation in close-tie communities .

We are interested here in finding out what the norms are within a single social stratum and how they function for the speakers : at this point in our work we have no justification for relating this pattern to social class differences .
we are interested here in finding out what the norms are within a single social stratum and how they [purpose] for the speakers : at this point in our work we have no justification for relating this pattern to social class differences .

4.3 Variables as Markers : the Identity Function
4.3 variables as markers : the identity [purpose]

In fact , a particular variable may have more than one function , but it is only by a close analysis that treats speaker variables as independent that we will be able to determine whether this is so .
in fact , a particular variable may have more than one [purpose] , but it is only by a close analysis that treats speaker variables as independent that we will be able to determine whether this is so .

It is clear that some variables in English do function in a very general way : for example , variation between the alveolar and velar nasal in the present participle ending ( ing ) is universal and can be said to mark the whole English-speaking world as a single speech community .
it is clear that some variables in english do [purpose] in a very general way : for example , variation between the alveolar and velar nasal in the present participle ending ( ing ) is universal and can be said to mark the whole english-speaking world as a single speech community .

More narrowly , but still at a high level of generality , some variables may function as identity markers for whole status groups or for larger regions than merely an inner-city community .
more narrowly , but still at a high level of generality , some variables may [purpose] as identity markers for whole status groups or for larger regions than merely an inner-city community .

First , a strong close-knit network may be seen to function as a conservative force , resisting pressures to change from outside the network .
first , a strong close-knit network may be seen to [purpose] as a conservative force , resisting pressures to change from outside the network .

This is because variable scribal usage is likely to be functional in some way , just as spoken variation is functional ( as suggested in chapter 2 ) , and the most immediately obvious function of an alphabetic writing system is to relate writing to speech-forms , however complicated this relationship may be .
this is because variable scribal usage is likely to be functional in some way , just as spoken variation is functional ( as suggested in chapter 2 ) , and the most immediately obvious [purpose] of an alphabetic writing system is to relate writing to speech-forms , however complicated this relationship may be .

It is essential to have a statement , written in behavioral terms , of how the changed organization will function .
it is essential to have a statement , written in behavioral terms , of how the changed organization will [purpose] .

This step consists of formulating a complete picture of how the organization will function during the transitional state .
this step consists of formulating a complete picture of how the organization will [purpose] during the transitional state .

The function of research and development was very active , constantly upgrading product quality and in recent years moving into related products .
the [purpose] of research and development was very active , constantly upgrading product quality and in recent years moving into related products .

It took a year to train a group of people to function as the general managers .
it took a year to train a group of people to [purpose] as the general managers .

The critical dimensions of the transformational effort were starting with a vision that was at first unclear or at least insufficiently communicated , focusing too much on cost reduction and not enough on developing a new state , trying to function without adequate transition-management structures , and consciously intervening in the matrix-management issues until they became acute .
the critical dimensions of the transformational effort were starting with a vision that was at first unclear or at least insufficiently communicated , focusing too much on cost reduction and not enough on developing a new state , trying to [purpose] without adequate transition-management structures , and consciously intervening in the matrix-management issues until they became acute .

Instead , their main , if not their only , function is to serve as ‘ relays ’ — human boosters for the faint , unfocused signals that pass for communication in the traditional pre-information organization .
instead , their main , if not their only , [purpose] is to serve as ‘ relays ’ — human boosters for the faint , unfocused signals that pass for communication in the traditional pre-information organization .

Or will there be a two-headed monster — a specialist structure , comparable , perhaps , to the way attending physicians function in a hospital , and an administrative structure of task-force leaders ?
or will there be a two-headed monster — a specialist structure , comparable , perhaps , to the way attending physicians [purpose] in a hospital , and an administrative structure of task-force leaders ?

The decisions we face on the role and function of the task-force leaders are risky and controversial . Is theirs a permanent assignment , analogous to the job of the supervisory nurse in the hospital ? Or is it a function of the task that changes as the task does ? Is it an assignment or a position ? Does it carry any rank at all ? And if it does , will the task-force leaders become in time what the product managers have been at Proctor & Gamble : the basic units of management and the company 's field officers ? Might the task-force leaders eventually replace department heads and vice-presidents ?
the decisions we face on the role and [purpose] of the task-force leaders are risky and controversial . is theirs a permanent assignment , analogous to the job of the supervisory nurse in the hospital ? or is it a [purpose] of the task that changes as the task does ? is it an assignment or a position ? does it carry any rank at all ? and if it does , will the task-force leaders become in time what the product managers have been at proctor & gamble : the basic units of management and the company 's field officers ? might the task-force leaders eventually replace department heads and vice-presidents ?

Approaches now being developed have considerably more impact on employee control and discretion , and also on organizational design and the management function , than most previous applications .
approaches now being developed have considerably more impact on employee control and discretion , and also on organizational design and the management [purpose] , than most previous applications .

Perry describes the difficulties managers experienced in assimilating the changes in their function , behaviour and status , moving to a ‘ flat ’ structure with higher worker control .
perry describes the difficulties managers experienced in assimilating the changes in their [purpose] , behaviour and status , moving to a ‘ flat ’ structure with higher worker control .

The function of these labour market arrangements is clear , however : principally they serve to retain workers who embody valuable skill formation for the enterprise ( Jacoby , 1979 ) .
the [purpose] of these labour market arrangements is clear , however : principally they serve to retain workers who embody valuable skill formation for the enterprise ( jacoby , 1979 ) .

Quality circles have been seen as a major achievement of the Japanese system , and not only because they serve as a substitute for quality surveillance as a separate management function .
quality circles have been seen as a major achievement of the japanese system , and not only because they serve as a substitute for quality surveillance as a separate management [purpose] .

Job titles are thus denotive of seniority not function .
job titles are thus denotive of seniority not [purpose] .

One aspect of this size function seems to be that the nenko system is surviving in larger firms while it is being eroded in the smaller ones ( Tachibanaki , 1982 ) .
one aspect of this size [purpose] seems to be that the nenko system is surviving in larger firms while it is being eroded in the smaller ones ( tachibanaki , 1982 ) .

For social norms to function as social pressures , they must be internalized , and thereby form part of the individual 's cognitive beliefs .
for social norms to [purpose] as social pressures , they must be internalized , and thereby form part of the individual 's cognitive beliefs .

justification in terms of biology , social function or whatever ( Seidel , 1985 ) .
justification in terms of biology , social [purpose] or whatever ( seidel , 1985 ) .

The rhetorical approach stresses that ideologies do not necessarily function to suppress argumentation and thinking , but provide the elements with which people can think and argue about everyday life ( Billig et al .
the rhetorical approach stresses that ideologies do not necessarily [purpose] to suppress argumentation and thinking , but provide the elements with which people can think and argue about everyday life ( billig et al .

Again , the mystic forces are said to serve a rational function , and , in this way , they are rationalized .
again , the mystic forces are said to serve a rational [purpose] , and , in this way , they are rationalized .

Yet this very claim for monarchy implies a limitation : the irrational and reverential institution is to be tolerated so long as it serves its function .
yet this very claim for monarchy implies a limitation : the irrational and reverential institution is to be tolerated so long as it serves its [purpose] .

To survive in a rational era , the irrational institution must have a function , and must appeal to the population .
to survive in a rational era , the irrational institution must have a [purpose] , and must appeal to the population .

If the monarchy is perceived as fulfilling a function , then royalty have a job to do .
if the monarchy is perceived as fulfilling a [purpose] , then royalty have a job to do .

The function of the courts is to interpret and apply legislation and not to question its existence ; hence no court can override an Act of Parliament .
the [purpose] of the courts is to interpret and apply legislation and not to question its existence ; hence no court can override an act of parliament .

In addition to the existence of these three preconditions , the English legal system requires two further rules in order to function .
in addition to the existence of these three preconditions , the english legal system requires two further rules in order to [purpose] .

The role of the courts is to apply the common law and interpret statutes ; the function of Parliament is to legislate and create law .
the role of the courts is to apply the common law and interpret statutes ; the [purpose] of parliament is to legislate and create law .

We must now consider the function and position of each court within the English legal system .
we must now consider the [purpose] and position of each court within the english legal system .

The primary function of the Magistrates ' Court is to try criminal cases .
the primary [purpose] of the magistrates ' court is to try criminal cases .

As liquidator , the official receiver 's function is to ensure that the company 's assets are got in , sold and distributed to the creditors and other persons properly entitled .
as liquidator , the official receiver 's [purpose] is to ensure that the company 's assets are got in , sold and distributed to the creditors and other persons properly entitled .

The purpose of making such orders is to enable public bodies to carry out their function , e.g .
the purpose of making such orders is to enable public bodies to carry out their [purpose] , e.g .

Indeed , one may imagine that in their private lives these same authors may well feel that the visit of the in-laws or attendance at some social function or a distant relative , two of the few reminders of the once overwhelming burden of personal social relations , are curbs upon their own ‘ freedom ’ .
indeed , one may imagine that in their private lives these same authors may well feel that the visit of the in-laws or attendance at some social [purpose] or a distant relative , two of the few reminders of the once overwhelming burden of personal social relations , are curbs upon their own ‘ freedom ’ .

Piaget , however , asserts in the introduction to his work that ‘ We shall rather show that the acquisition of language is itself subordinated to the workings of a symbolic function which can be seen in the development of imitation and play as well as in that of verbal mechanisms ’ ( 1962 : 1–2 ; see Vygotsky 1978 for a contrary view ) .
piaget , however , asserts in the introduction to his work that ‘ we shall rather show that the acquisition of language is itself subordinated to the workings of a symbolic [purpose] which can be seen in the development of imitation and play as well as in that of verbal mechanisms ’ ( 1962 : 1–2 ; see vygotsky 1978 for a contrary view ) .

Piaget attempts to map the increasing capacity for abstraction implied by the symbolic function , showing that in this development , language , which depends on an entirely conventional relationship between sign and signified , is bound to come at a relatively late stage .
piaget attempts to map the increasing capacity for abstraction implied by the symbolic [purpose] , showing that in this development , language , which depends on an entirely conventional relationship between sign and signified , is bound to come at a relatively late stage .

By then , however , the semiotic function of language is already established .
by then , however , the semiotic [purpose] of language is already established .

Where the conventional wooden frame is inappropriate , as in many forms of modern art , the gallery itself provides the larger frame which is an index of the nature of its contents ; or , at a still more abstract though obviously more explicit level this function is performed by the category art itself .
where the conventional wooden frame is inappropriate , as in many forms of modern art , the gallery itself provides the larger frame which is an index of the nature of its contents ; or , at a still more abstract though obviously more explicit level this [purpose] is performed by the category art itself .

He constantly affirms the effectiveness of order embodied in details such as dress , body movement and manners , and argues that it is a function of the mundane artefact almost always to be regarded as an example of mere ‘ trivia ’ unworthy of systematic academic study .
he constantly affirms the effectiveness of order embodied in details such as dress , body movement and manners , and argues that it is a [purpose] of the mundane artefact almost always to be regarded as an example of mere ‘ trivia ’ unworthy of systematic academic study .

Artefacts and Function
artefacts and [purpose]

In no domain is it as difficult as it is in the matter of function and utility to distinguish the actual place of artefacts in human practices from the particular legitimations and assumptions we have about them .
in no domain is it as difficult as it is in the matter of [purpose] and utility to distinguish the actual place of artefacts in human practices from the particular legitimations and assumptions we have about them .

In many societies , the classification and labelling of objects appears to indicate a close relationship between artefact and particular function , and the labels ‘ kitchen chair ’ or ‘ fryingpan ’ in Britain may be matched , for example , by an equivalent close relationship between pots and their labels in Nepal ( Birmingham 1975 ) .
in many societies , the classification and labelling of objects appears to indicate a close relationship between artefact and particular [purpose] , and the labels ‘ kitchen chair ’ or ‘ fryingpan ’ in britain may be matched , for example , by an equivalent close relationship between pots and their labels in nepal ( birmingham 1975 ) .

Function appears to play a key role in infant recognition and naming of objects ( Miller and Johnson-Laird 1976 : 229–35 ) , and , in adulthood , continues to play an important , though highly flexible , role in the description of objects in daily life ( Miller 1978 ) .
[purpose] appears to play a key role in infant recognition and naming of objects ( miller and johnson-laird 1976 : 229–35 ) , and , in adulthood , continues to play an important , though highly flexible , role in the description of objects in daily life ( miller 1978 ) .

The vast arrays of artefacts to be found in ethnographic museums which serve as simple vessels or clothing are , however , eloquent evidence for the distance between form and function in non-industrial as well as industrial societies .
the vast arrays of artefacts to be found in ethnographic museums which serve as simple vessels or clothing are , however , eloquent evidence for the distance between form and [purpose] in non-industrial as well as industrial societies .

Detailed observation of the hand-made containers used in a South Asian village reveals a wide variety of forms designed to serve identical purposes , and a very loose relationship between form and fitness for function ( Miller 1985 : 51–74 ) .
detailed observation of the hand-made containers used in a south asian village reveals a wide variety of forms designed to serve identical purposes , and a very loose relationship between form and fitness for [purpose] ( miller 1985 : 51–74 ) .

Just as with manufacture , the artefact may be used to express not actual efficiency but an ideal of function .
just as with manufacture , the artefact may be used to express not actual efficiency but an ideal of [purpose] .

With modernism , the strongest assertion of the value of utility is found in the assumption that aesthetics may be subordinated to function .
with modernism , the strongest assertion of the value of utility is found in the assumption that aesthetics may be subordinated to [purpose] .

The proper modernist artefact is always held to be aesthetically pleasing precisely to the degree to which it exemplifies the adage that form follows function ( Benton and Benton 1975 ) .
the proper modernist artefact is always held to be aesthetically pleasing precisely to the degree to which it exemplifies the adage that form follows [purpose] ( benton and benton 1975 ) .

Tools , after all , extend the very possibility of humanity as productive agent , and thus make for obvious analogies with biological function .
tools , after all , extend the very possibility of humanity as productive agent , and thus make for obvious analogies with biological [purpose] .

The artefact 's capacity to separate itself from the immediacy of a relationship embodied in the concept of utility is most evident in the manner in which it is used for precisely the opposite function , that is , to separate the individual from productive activity .
the artefact 's capacity to separate itself from the immediacy of a relationship embodied in the concept of utility is most evident in the manner in which it is used for precisely the opposite [purpose] , that is , to separate the individual from productive activity .

One example of the function of the symbolism of space is the fact that artefacts have always made an impression on us by virtue of their exotic qualities .
one example of the [purpose] of the symbolism of space is the fact that artefacts have always made an impression on us by virtue of their exotic qualities .

The same pot may later on serve a specific function , holding only those items appropriate to its name .
the same pot may later on serve a specific [purpose] , holding only those items appropriate to its name .

He compares this material inversion to the opposite pattern of semantic inversion integrating these into mythic and other cultural forms such as dance and kinship , noting that ‘ when from one group the plastic form is preserved , the semantic function is inverted .
he compares this material inversion to the opposite pattern of semantic inversion integrating these into mythic and other cultural forms such as dance and kinship , noting that ‘ when from one group the plastic form is preserved , the semantic [purpose] is inverted .

On the other hand , when the semantic function is retained , it is the plastic form which is inverted ’ ( Lévi-Strauss 1982 : 93 ) .
on the other hand , when the semantic [purpose] is retained , it is the plastic form which is inverted ’ ( lévi-strauss 1982 : 93 ) .

Ironically , that set of ideas and ideals which expressed the legitimacy of form following function was most effective in ensuring that function followed form .
ironically , that set of ideas and ideals which expressed the legitimacy of form following [purpose] was most effective in ensuring that [purpose] followed form .

For example , in several cases in the present text , the object has been shown to be expressive of quite autonomous elements of the dimensions analysed , as function beyond efficiency , image of manufacture beyond actual construction , pure individuality , coherent style and so forth .
for example , in several cases in the present text , the object has been shown to be expressive of quite autonomous elements of the dimensions analysed , as [purpose] beyond efficiency , image of manufacture beyond actual construction , pure individuality , coherent style and so forth .

The image of modernism as artefact is in this sense a totalizing image using the project of art as its means of accomplishing such totality ( compare Gell 1986 for the ability of the commodity to perform this function in a non-industrial context ) .
the image of modernism as artefact is in this sense a totalizing image using the project of art as its means of accomplishing such totality ( compare gell 1986 for the ability of the commodity to perform this [purpose] in a non-industrial context ) .

The analysis is usually based on the strict modernism which was the ideology of the professions involved , and is epitomized in comments such as ‘ we seem to find that the aesthetics of an industrial product will take care of themselves automatically after we have provided a balance between function , simplicity and utility ’ ( Bayley 1979 : 71 ) .
the analysis is usually based on the strict modernism which was the ideology of the professions involved , and is epitomized in comments such as ‘ we seem to find that the aesthetics of an industrial product will take care of themselves automatically after we have provided a balance between [purpose] , simplicity and utility ’ ( bayley 1979 : 71 ) .

In this work , rather than being reduced to utility or competitive status display , goods are examined in terms of their expressive and symbolic function , and the central thesis with respect to this is one which has largely been assumed in the present work .
in this work , rather than being reduced to utility or competitive status display , goods are examined in terms of their expressive and symbolic [purpose] , and the central thesis with respect to this is one which has largely been assumed in the present work .

The symbolic function of the different styles present in the built environment which is the context for everyday action suggest that they might fuel an apparently active and sustained debate between suburban individualism and inner city communalism .
the symbolic [purpose] of the different styles present in the built environment which is the context for everyday action suggest that they might fuel an apparently active and sustained debate between suburban individualism and inner city communalism .

But Normanton ( 1971 , p. 312 ) points out that ‘ public accountability is capable of much more : it is actually , or potentially , a rich and open source of knowledge about how government services function in actual practice , and hence of ideas about how they ought to function ’ .
but normanton ( 1971 , p. 312 ) points out that ‘ public accountability is capable of much more : it is actually , or potentially , a rich and open source of knowledge about how government services [purpose] in actual practice , and hence of ideas about how they ought to [purpose] ’ .

The first two of these groups cover the need for a policy-making function and an administrative function , the former being the responsibility of the legislative body and the latter being the responsibility undertaken by management .
the first two of these groups cover the need for a policy-making [purpose] and an administrative [purpose] , the former being the responsibility of the legislative body and the latter being the responsibility undertaken by management .

Audit is an ex post event and improvements in this important function may be of little long-term value if they are not coupled with more general reforms of the accountability of government .
audit is an ex post event and improvements in this important [purpose] may be of little long-term value if they are not coupled with more general reforms of the accountability of government .

The function of executive management is therefore to plan , coordinate and control the work of these more or less autonomous responsibility centres .
the [purpose] of executive management is therefore to plan , coordinate and control the work of these more or less autonomous responsibility centres .

In operational terms , it leads to the determination of the national growth and investment goals … Second , a major function of the budget is to promote macroeconomic balance in the economy .
in operational terms , it leads to the determination of the national growth and investment goals … second , a major [purpose] of the budget is to promote macroeconomic balance in the economy .

The overall cost of capital for a firm is the weighted average cost of these two sources of finance and is calculated as follows : The cost of each source of funds is a function of three components :
the overall cost of capital for a firm is the weighted average cost of these two sources of finance and is calculated as follows : the cost of each source of funds is a [purpose] of three components :

The reason is that a properly functioning price mechanism performs the function of inputting these values for us .
the reason is that a properly functioning price mechanism performs the [purpose] of inputting these values for us .

This is a monitoring function , a comparison of the situation that exists with that which might have been expected .
this is a monitoring [purpose] , a comparison of the situation that exists with that which might have been expected .

As we have said , this is a monitoring function .
as we have said , this is a monitoring [purpose] .

an independent appraisal function within an organization for the review of activities as a service to all levels of management .
an independent appraisal [purpose] within an organization for the review of activities as a service to all levels of management .

diversion of internal audit staff to other duties , reducing effectiveness of the internal audit function ;
diversion of internal audit staff to other duties , reducing effectiveness of the internal audit [purpose] ;

It also appropriates this amount to individual votes , and performs the sane function for the lump sums authorized by the preceding winter and spring Consolidated Fund Acts in respect of the previous year , and for excess votes in respect of the year before that .
it also appropriates this amount to individual votes , and performs the sane [purpose] for the lump sums authorized by the preceding winter and spring consolidated fund acts in respect of the previous year , and for excess votes in respect of the year before that .

The cottage had one sizeable room above two others , one of which had been reclaimed from its original function as byre for the cow and converted into a scullery , with a copper and sink which drained straight into the field .
the cottage had one sizeable room above two others , one of which had been reclaimed from its original [purpose] as byre for the cow and converted into a scullery , with a copper and sink which drained straight into the field .

Innovation is the specific function of entrepreneurship , whether in an existing business , a public service institution , or a new venture started by a lone individual in the family kitchen .
innovation is the specific [purpose] of entrepreneurship , whether in an existing business , a public service institution , or a new venture started by a lone individual in the family kitchen .

At worst , they demand more wages and benefits for less work , do the minimum expected of them , or function as bland bureaucrats mired in standard operating procedures .
at worst , they demand more wages and benefits for less work , do the minimum expected of them , or [purpose] as bland bureaucrats mired in standard operating procedures .

One explanation is that human beings as well as organizations function far from perfectly .
one explanation is that human beings as well as organizations [purpose] far from perfectly .

In other words , local knowledge can contribute essential strength to decisions , but it requires a different management style , and a surrender of older ideas about hierarchy and status if it is to function properly .
in other words , local knowledge can contribute essential strength to decisions , but it requires a different management style , and a surrender of older ideas about hierarchy and status if it is to [purpose] properly .

Although the physical environment is important to individuals and communities in a variety of ways — as prospect and refuge , for example ( Appleton , 1975 ) as well as an aesthetic resource — its main function by far is as the foundation for human survival .
although the physical environment is important to individuals and communities in a variety of ways — as prospect and refuge , for example ( appleton , 1975 ) as well as an aesthetic resource — its main [purpose] by far is as the foundation for human survival .

For the present purposes , however , the model 's general validity for European societies pre 1980 illustrates that although a state is necessary in a capitalist economic system its particular form can vary substantially to reflect local circumstances : form and function should not be confused .
for the present purposes , however , the model 's general validity for european societies pre 1980 illustrates that although a state is necessary in a capitalist economic system its particular form can vary substantially to reflect local circumstances : form and [purpose] should not be confused .

and independent words ( sometimes called markers ) , such as articles , conjunctions , prepositions and so on , a major part of whose linguistic function is to signal the grammatical organisation of sentences .
and independent words ( sometimes called markers ) , such as articles , conjunctions , prepositions and so on , a major part of whose linguistic [purpose] is to signal the grammatical organisation of sentences .

An ordinary dictionary characterises a lexical item in three distinct , though intimately inter-connected , ways : first , its form ( graphic and phonological ) ; second , its grammatical function ; and , third , its meaning .
an ordinary dictionary characterises a lexical item in three distinct , though intimately inter-connected , ways : first , its form ( graphic and phonological ) ; second , its grammatical [purpose] ; and , third , its meaning .

It might be argued that the test procedure is thus shown to be at fault , since in all the above cases the first element can be shown to have a clear semantic function relative to the second element : in fact , it signals a sub-variety of the general category denoted by the second element .
it might be argued that the test procedure is thus shown to be at fault , since in all the above cases the first element can be shown to have a clear semantic [purpose] relative to the second element : in fact , it signals a sub-variety of the general category denoted by the second element .

It would be useful to have a general term for elements which fall short of being constituents , but which nonetheless have a semantic function relatable to the meanings the same forms carry when they are semantic constituents .
it would be useful to have a general term for elements which fall short of being constituents , but which nonetheless have a semantic [purpose] relatable to the meanings the same forms carry when they are semantic constituents .

Since the principal function of grammar is to indicate how units of meaning are to be combined , this is scarcely surprising .
since the principal [purpose] of grammar is to indicate how units of meaning are to be combined , this is scarcely surprising .

Many grammatical processes involving re-ordering of constituents are ruled out for semantic reasons , particularly those whose semantic function is to highlight a specific semantic constituent : thus , What John pulled was his sister 's leg has no idiomatic reading , whereas What John did was pull his sister 's leg , which leaves the idiom ‘ physically ’ intact , has .
many grammatical processes involving re-ordering of constituents are ruled out for semantic reasons , particularly those whose semantic [purpose] is to highlight a specific semantic constituent : thus , what john pulled was his sister 's leg has no idiomatic reading , whereas what john did was pull his sister 's leg , which leaves the idiom ‘ physically ’ intact , has .

But the sentence can function as a satisfactory communication without either the hearer perceiving , or the speaker intending to convey , anything concerning the sex of the person referred to .
but the sentence can [purpose] as a satisfactory communication without either the hearer perceiving , or the speaker intending to convey , anything concerning the sex of the person referred to .

An affix is a grammatical element , belonging to a closed set , which can only function as a component of a word : dis — , un — , — ment , — ise , — ed , — s are all affixes .
an affix is a grammatical element , belonging to a closed set , which can only [purpose] as a component of a word : dis — , un — , — ment , — ise , — ed , — s are all affixes .

Electronic bookmark function .
electronic bookmark [purpose] .

Their displacement was not however immediately perceptible even to a writer like Disraeli , who was critically interested both in the architecture and in the social function of great houses .
their displacement was not however immediately perceptible even to a writer like disraeli , who was critically interested both in the architecture and in the social [purpose] of great houses .

Divisions are drawn by function as well as by sex : ‘ There are thus three chief Departments among the Offices , namely , that of the Butler and the men on one side , that of the Cook and the Back-Offices in a manner central , and that of the Housekeeper ( including the Women's-room ) on the other side .
divisions are drawn by [purpose] as well as by sex : ‘ there are thus three chief departments among the offices , namely , that of the butler and the men on one side , that of the cook and the back-offices in a manner central , and that of the housekeeper ( including the women's-room ) on the other side .

Its various divisions — by function , class , and sex — correspond to the analysis of that society as Marx and Engels presented it .
its various divisions — by [purpose] , class , and sex — correspond to the analysis of that society as marx and engels presented it .

According to his analysis distrust of authority and scepticism concerning the competence of specialists is a function of the breakdown of value consensus .
according to his analysis distrust of authority and scepticism concerning the competence of specialists is a [purpose] of the breakdown of value consensus .

Nevertheless , in practice , innovation must be seen as a function of the quality of the school .
nevertheless , in practice , innovation must be seen as a [purpose] of the quality of the school .

the inspectors ' function is not just to pronounce judgement , but also to encourage and develop education
the inspectors ' [purpose] is not just to pronounce judgement , but also to encourage and develop education

The enclosed fields which covered and still cover much of say Kent , Norfolk , Shropshire , Devon and Cornwall were equally medieval in origin and function or , as we have already seen , had their beginnings in perhaps prehistoric or Roman times .
the enclosed fields which covered and still cover much of say kent , norfolk , shropshire , devon and cornwall were equally medieval in origin and [purpose] or , as we have already seen , had their beginnings in perhaps prehistoric or roman times .

The reference to Newcomen engines disappearing underground is puzzling and perhaps Professor Hoskins misunderstood their function .
the reference to newcomen engines disappearing underground is puzzling and perhaps professor hoskins misunderstood their [purpose] .

It is still the same road , but has merely changed its function and thus its form .
it is still the same road , but has merely changed its [purpose] and thus its form .

Meanings and beliefs had not become irrelevant , but the coherence and falsity of racist ideas were now ascribed to the function they serve in legitimating social practices that reinforce an unequal distribution of power between groups differentiated in racial and/or ethnic terms ( see , for example , Troyna and Carrington , 1990 , p. 56 ) .
meanings and beliefs had not become irrelevant , but the coherence and falsity of racist ideas were now ascribed to the [purpose] they serve in legitimating social practices that reinforce an unequal distribution of power between groups differentiated in racial and/or ethnic terms ( see , for example , troyna and carrington , 1990 , p. 56 ) .

The argument could far more plausibly be turned on its head : the ‘ latent function ’ of the operation of unofficial suspect categories may be to make the administration of ( in ) justice more efficient and ‘ rational ’ , which in turn institutionalizes these practices and gives them the status of ‘ due legal process ’ .
the argument could far more plausibly be turned on its head : the ‘ latent [purpose] ’ of the operation of unofficial suspect categories may be to make the administration of ( in ) justice more efficient and ‘ rational ’ , which in turn institutionalizes these practices and gives them the status of ‘ due legal process ’ .

In fact the function of such eye- and ear-witness accounts as the ‘ Kentucky fried chips ’ incident is to authorize and authenticate the racialization of experience by making it seem like an entirely spontaneous and natural process , and one for which blacks themselves must be held responsible .
in fact the [purpose] of such eye- and ear-witness accounts as the ‘ kentucky fried chips ’ incident is to authorize and authenticate the racialization of experience by making it seem like an entirely spontaneous and natural process , and one for which blacks themselves must be held responsible .

The central paradox of this kind of ‘ trading places ’ is that through the very symmetry of its inversions it postulates imaginary correspondences between black and white positions even as it seeks to naturalize difference and domination . Is this because the construction of racialized identities depends on the existence of the Other , while at the same time it is this ‘ alien presence ’ which is seen to be such a threat to identity that its total annihilation is required ? Are racial double standards ( viz. , good/bad natives ) and double binds ( damned if you are different and damned if you are like the master race ) a function of this contradictory or dual relation to the Other ? Or do we have to look to more concrete and historically specific forms of mediation to explain the racialization of envy and desire ?
the central paradox of this kind of ‘ trading places ’ is that through the very symmetry of its inversions it postulates imaginary correspondences between black and white positions even as it seeks to naturalize difference and domination . is this because the construction of racialized identities depends on the existence of the other , while at the same time it is this ‘ alien presence ’ which is seen to be such a threat to identity that its total annihilation is required ? are racial double standards ( viz. , good/bad natives ) and double binds ( damned if you are different and damned if you are like the master race ) a [purpose] of this contradictory or dual relation to the other ? or do we have to look to more concrete and historically specific forms of mediation to explain the racialization of envy and desire ?

He accepted that the function of the court was to construe the actual words enacted by Parliament so that in no circumstances could the court attach to words a meaning that they were incapable of bearing .
he accepted that the [purpose] of the court was to construe the actual words enacted by parliament so that in no circumstances could the court attach to words a meaning that they were incapable of bearing .

This legislation is given legal effect upon subjects by virtue of judicial decision , and it is the function of the courts to say what the application of the words used to particular cases or individuals is to be .
this legislation is given legal effect upon subjects by virtue of judicial decision , and it is the [purpose] of the courts to say what the application of the words used to particular cases or individuals is to be .

‘ The constitutional function performed by courts of justice as interpreters of the written law laid down in Acts of Parliament is often described as ascertaining ‘ the intention of Parliament ; ’ but what this metaphor , though convenient , omits to take into account is that the court , when acting in its interpretative role , as well as when it is engaged in reviewing the legality of administrative action , is doing so as mediator between the state in the exercise of its legislative power and the private citizen for whom the law made by Parliament constitutes a rule binding upon him and enforceable by the executive power of the state .
‘ the constitutional [purpose] performed by courts of justice as interpreters of the written law laid down in acts of parliament is often described as ascertaining ‘ the intention of parliament ; ’ but what this metaphor , though convenient , omits to take into account is that the court , when acting in its interpretative role , as well as when it is engaged in reviewing the legality of administrative action , is doing so as mediator between the state in the exercise of its legislative power and the private citizen for whom the law made by parliament constitutes a rule binding upon him and enforceable by the executive power of the state .

The large number of temporary clerks and secretaries is also a function of the generality of their skills .
the large number of temporary clerks and secretaries is also a [purpose] of the generality of their skills .

Equally , the low level of temporary working by managers and administrators , by supervisors and by engineering craftsmen is a function of the high level of specific training that their jobs usually entail .
equally , the low level of temporary working by managers and administrators , by supervisors and by engineering craftsmen is a [purpose] of the high level of specific training that their jobs usually entail .

In the case of the example in the preceding paragraph , the maintenance function remains performed by permanent staff but the development function is now performed by temporary staff brought in via an agency .
in the case of the example in the preceding paragraph , the maintenance [purpose] remains performed by permanent staff but the development [purpose] is now performed by temporary staff brought in via an agency .

Although these people will normally be leading/managing other contractors , not regular employees , it is unusual to find any agency secretarial/office staff who have a supervisory function .
although these people will normally be leading/managing other contractors , not regular employees , it is unusual to find any agency secretarial/office staff who have a supervisory [purpose] .

This practice is justified by reference to the fact that those permanent staff members performing notionally the same job take on a quasi-supervisory function during the peak period .
this practice is justified by reference to the fact that those permanent staff members performing notionally the same job take on a quasi-supervisory [purpose] during the peak period .

Performing a function as interesting as that of the `` new `` temporary workers in manufacturing are agency workers .
performing a [purpose] as interesting as that of the `` new `` temporary workers in manufacturing are agency workers .

He also referred , at pp. 815d and 816b , to the laws as being ‘ domestic ’ and ‘ the internal laws of the foundation . ’ Lord Ackner referred , at p. 827 , to the function of the visitor as being the supervision ‘ of the internal rules of the foundation so that it is governed in accordance with those private laws which the founder has laid down … ’
he also referred , at pp. 815d and 816b , to the laws as being ‘ domestic ’ and ‘ the internal laws of the foundation . ’ lord ackner referred , at p. 827 , to the [purpose] of the visitor as being the supervision ‘ of the internal rules of the foundation so that it is governed in accordance with those private laws which the founder has laid down … ’

When geometry is being described , rather than function , we find it easiest to communicate in pictures .
when geometry is being described , rather than [purpose] , we find it easiest to communicate in pictures .

The analysis phase may simply be checking whether such a proposal could be expected to provide the function required .
the analysis phase may simply be checking whether such a proposal could be expected to provide the [purpose] required .

It is at this stage that a major computer study may be undertaken into the integrity of the proposed design , in terms of function , strength , economics , etc .
it is at this stage that a major computer study may be undertaken into the integrity of the proposed design , in terms of [purpose] , strength , economics , etc .

Materials and techniques are chosen to give the required function and a recognizable market style .
materials and techniques are chosen to give the required [purpose] and a recognizable market style .

Under certain conditions this can lead to an inappropriate choice of the objective function or of the constraints , giving an unacceptable solution .
under certain conditions this can lead to an inappropriate choice of the objective [purpose] or of the constraints , giving an unacceptable solution .

Whilst it is obvious that the manufacturing activities are greatly dependent on the specified geometry , it is unclear as to how the function and shape of a component interact .
whilst it is obvious that the manufacturing activities are greatly dependent on the specified geometry , it is unclear as to how the [purpose] and shape of a component interact .

Rarely are all the constraints on shape , function and manufacturing clearly defined at the commencement of the activity .
rarely are all the constraints on shape , [purpose] and manufacturing clearly defined at the commencement of the activity .

It is thus necessary to generate a model in which the final design is achieved by iteration and tested against the major constraints of shape , function and manufacturing .
it is thus necessary to generate a model in which the final design is achieved by iteration and tested against the major constraints of shape , [purpose] and manufacturing .

In mechanical engineering these are seen to be centred around the generation of geometric shapes which in association perform a specified function .
in mechanical engineering these are seen to be centred around the generation of geometric shapes which in association perform a specified [purpose] .

By viewing the entire drawing it may be possible to deduce its intended function .
by viewing the entire drawing it may be possible to deduce its intended [purpose] .

By reference to this , more information may be gathered on the component 's function which may further clarify the discrete purpose , or purposes , being attributed to the entity under consideration .
by reference to this , more information may be gathered on the component 's [purpose] which may further clarify the discrete purpose , or purposes , being attributed to the entity under consideration .

It is thus possible to describe an assembly of entities making up a component as a set of elements , such as shown in Figure 2.2 , for both the geometry and the function .
it is thus possible to describe an assembly of entities making up a component as a set of elements , such as shown in figure 2.2 , for both the geometry and the [purpose] .

This is done as soon as some function is declared ( the simplest necessary declaration is that some solid entities are being entered ) and some volume exists , ie geometric entities that give more than a single coordinate value in each orthogonal direction .
this is done as soon as some [purpose] is declared ( the simplest necessary declaration is that some solid entities are being entered ) and some volume exists , ie geometric entities that give more than a single coordinate value in each orthogonal direction .

On the other hand , if two components are to relate in some way to provide a desired function , it must take place in an intersection zone ( which includes touching areas — zones of zero depth or wholly inserted spaces ) .
on the other hand , if two components are to relate in some way to provide a desired [purpose] , it must take place in an intersection zone ( which includes touching areas — zones of zero depth or wholly inserted spaces ) .

The function of an artefact , be it a machine or a piece of electronics , is contained in the association of the parts .
the [purpose] of an artefact , be it a machine or a piece of electronics , is contained in the association of the parts .

The control of the design process , in terms of functionality , is thus dependent first on establishing that the parts associate with each other and second that this association provides the desired function .
the control of the design process , in terms of functionality , is thus dependent first on establishing that the parts associate with each other and second that this association provides the desired [purpose] .

Whilst most activities taking place during the scheming ( or `` drawing board `` ) phases are seen to be based around discrete geometric interpretations , their function may allow them to take on many differing forms .
whilst most activities taking place during the scheming ( or `` drawing board `` ) phases are seen to be based around discrete geometric interpretations , their [purpose] may allow them to take on many differing forms .

This type of function can be applied to a wide range of activities , from the selection of standard or stocked components , through to performing fatigue/life calculations .
this type of [purpose] can be applied to a wide range of activities , from the selection of standard or stocked components , through to performing fatigue/life calculations .

That is to say that each space must , in association with all other spaces of the machine , logically perform some function .
that is to say that each space must , in association with all other spaces of the machine , logically perform some [purpose] .

The first step in the process of design can therefore be performed by describing the association of named spaces in order to achieve a desired function .
the first step in the process of design can therefore be performed by describing the association of named spaces in order to achieve a desired [purpose] .

The assembly fields can be extended into a set of logical fields by including knowledge of how the sub and elemental fields must interact to provide the specified function .
the assembly fields can be extended into a set of logical fields by including knowledge of how the sub and elemental fields must interact to provide the specified [purpose] .

This function is then specified and identifiable in the intersection of the fields both at assembly level ( see Figure 3.3 ) and as relations between individual component parts ( see Figure 3.4 ) .
this [purpose] is then specified and identifiable in the intersection of the fields both at assembly level ( see figure 3.3 ) and as relations between individual component parts ( see figure 3.4 ) .

The function of the assembly can thus be identified at two distinct levels : its internal ( or elemental ) functions and its external ( or global ) functions .
the [purpose] of the assembly can thus be identified at two distinct levels : its internal ( or elemental ) functions and its external ( or global ) functions .

In the assembly example shown in Figure 3.4 , sub-assembly 2 must provide a series of internal functions by the interrelationship of its assembly of piece parts whist itself improving a globally specified assembly function with sub-assembly 1 .
in the assembly example shown in figure 3.4 , sub-assembly 2 must provide a series of internal functions by the interrelationship of its assembly of piece parts whist itself improving a globally specified assembly [purpose] with sub-assembly 1 .

So whilst the intersections of logical spaces at an elemental level will allow the elemental functions to be maintained , these must be reflected back to the next higher level in the system to establish whether the required function of that assembly space has been achieved or corrupted .
so whilst the intersections of logical spaces at an elemental level will allow the elemental functions to be maintained , these must be reflected back to the next higher level in the system to establish whether the required [purpose] of that assembly space has been achieved or corrupted .

The developed item itself is later reflected back into that assembly in order to check its relationship to all other components and also to allow the designer to ascertain whether the overall function of the assembly has been successfully provided .
the developed item itself is later reflected back into that assembly in order to check its relationship to all other components and also to allow the designer to ascertain whether the overall [purpose] of the assembly has been successfully provided .

Such techniques can be applied to establish clash and function for a wide range of engineering assembly problems .
such techniques can be applied to establish clash and [purpose] for a wide range of engineering assembly problems .

The function is retained as relationships , existing in the intersection between domains that specify the geometric requirements , either directly by rules or indirectly through a controlling set of programs .
the [purpose] is retained as relationships , existing in the intersection between domains that specify the geometric requirements , either directly by rules or indirectly through a controlling set of programs .

It must have some declared function .
it must have some declared [purpose] .

This can be seen as a system for design in which the mapping of function on to the geometric domains is raised to the next level in which the requirement to manage and control the process is mapped on to the sub-processes or departments .
this can be seen as a system for design in which the mapping of [purpose] on to the geometric domains is raised to the next level in which the requirement to manage and control the process is mapped on to the sub-processes or departments .

The main aim has been to design a spatial arrangement which will provide the required performance or function .
the main aim has been to design a spatial arrangement which will provide the required performance or [purpose] .

Function Analysis
[purpose] analysis

Various positional and angular values can be retrieved and employed in the construction of elemental and system function diagrams , and then converted , using a time base , to give velocity and hence acceleration profiles ( see Chapter 7 ) .
various positional and angular values can be retrieved and employed in the construction of elemental and system [purpose] diagrams , and then converted , using a time base , to give velocity and hence acceleration profiles ( see chapter 7 ) .

In order to overcome these communications problems it is necessary to establish the amount of data which must be available to the designer so that he can perform a specific design function .
in order to overcome these communications problems it is necessary to establish the amount of data which must be available to the designer so that he can perform a specific design [purpose] .

This chapter explores the possibility of defining these assembly relationships in such ways as to provide a desired function .
this chapter explores the possibility of defining these assembly relationships in such ways as to provide a desired [purpose] .

Such an approach recognizes that the function of a machine is provided primarily by the correct spatial association of its constituent parts .
such an approach recognizes that the [purpose] of a machine is provided primarily by the correct spatial association of its constituent parts .

The first ( spatial ) files are coupled to the second ( function ) files by an automatically generated data file .
the first ( spatial ) files are coupled to the second ( [purpose] ) files by an automatically generated data file .

Movements and rotations specified by the operators , which work by re-positioning the part on the viewing screen , will cause the associated data file to be updated and hence the relevant graphical function to be re-drawn ( see Figure 7.5 ) .
movements and rotations specified by the operators , which work by re-positioning the part on the viewing screen , will cause the associated data file to be updated and hence the relevant graphical [purpose] to be re-drawn ( see figure 7.5 ) .

Under this procedure the designer can set a simple design limit ( which is alarmed ) , and also define a complete design envelope for any chosen kinematic function to cover the complete operating cycle .
under this procedure the designer can set a simple design limit ( which is alarmed ) , and also define a complete design envelope for any chosen kinematic [purpose] to cover the complete operating cycle .

Any set of functions can be overplotted on to the reference set , or an error function may be generated and plotted directly .
any set of functions can be overplotted on to the reference set , or an error [purpose] may be generated and plotted directly .

Compound Function Diagrams
compound [purpose] diagrams

When mechanisms are being compared it is often more meaningful to obtain the response function for the complete system or for part of the system .
when mechanisms are being compared it is often more meaningful to obtain the response [purpose] for the complete system or for part of the system .

The mechanism is then considered to be simply a black box function generator .
the mechanism is then considered to be simply a black box [purpose] generator .

From these assembly points the rotational function of the remaining linkages were established and reproduced in graphical form .
from these assembly points the rotational [purpose] of the remaining linkages were established and reproduced in graphical form .

His chief function is not to teach as a schoolmaster teaches , but to keep abreast of thought and development in his subject — by reading , by research into new aspects , by meeting and corresponding with other specialists , by attending conferences , by travel and often by solving real-life problems affecting people outside the college .
his chief [purpose] is not to teach as a schoolmaster teaches , but to keep abreast of thought and development in his subject — by reading , by research into new aspects , by meeting and corresponding with other specialists , by attending conferences , by travel and often by solving real-life problems affecting people outside the college .

The Function of the Lecture
the [purpose] of the lecture

The Function of the Student in the Lecture Period
the [purpose] of the student in the lecture period

What then is the function of the student in the lecture period , if it is not to fill a notebook with what is written on the blackboard ?
what then is the [purpose] of the student in the lecture period , if it is not to fill a notebook with what is written on the blackboard ?

If you use ball-point pens remember that they too run out or refuse to function : test them before use and take a bundle of them to the examination or the practice session .
if you use ball-point pens remember that they too run out or refuse to [purpose] : test them before use and take a bundle of them to the examination or the practice session .

The long silky ears of rabbits and hares perform the same function , and even the smaller pinnae of goats and deer are effective sound gatherers .
the long silky ears of rabbits and hares perform the same [purpose] , and even the smaller pinnae of goats and deer are effective sound gatherers .

We shall introduce now a scalar function by the relationship .
we shall introduce now a scalar [purpose] by the relationship .

The physical significance of this new function may be recognized by determining the work performed by carrying a charge from point a to point b : , where the negative sign is due to the fact that the work is done against the electrical forces .
the physical significance of this new [purpose] may be recognized by determining the work performed by carrying a charge from point a to point b : , where the negative sign is due to the fact that the work is done against the electrical forces .

Substituting eqns ( 2.4 ) and ( 2.5 ) into eqn ( 2.6 ) we get , where and are the values of the function at the end-points of the path .
substituting eqns ( 2.4 ) and ( 2.5 ) into eqn ( 2.6 ) we get , where and are the values of the [purpose] at the end-points of the path .

If the potential function is so useful should n't we express all our equations in terms of ?
if the potential [purpose] is so useful should n't we express all our equations in terms of ?

The gradient of a scalar function is a vector perpendicular to the constant surface and points in the direction of increasing values of .
the gradient of a scalar [purpose] is a vector perpendicular to the constant surface and points in the direction of increasing values of .

Our aim is first to determine the variation of electric field as a function of radius and then to work out the capacitance per unit length .
our aim is first to determine the variation of electric field as a [purpose] of radius and then to work out the capacitance per unit length .

Having got so far it might be of interest to work out the variation of surface-charge density on one of the cylinders as a function of .
having got so far it might be of interest to work out the variation of surface-charge density on one of the cylinders as a [purpose] of .

What is the simplest function we can take ? Probably .
what is the simplest [purpose] we can take ? probably .

Determine the electric field as a function of r and 0 produced by the axial quadrupole shown in Fig .
determine the electric field as a [purpose] of r and 0 produced by the axial quadrupole shown in fig .

Show that the potential function given in Example 6 satisfies Laplace 's equation in cylindrical coordinates .
show that the potential [purpose] given in example 6 satisfies laplace 's equation in cylindrical coordinates .

First , we could search for some analogue of the potential function which proved so useful in electrostatics .
first , we could search for some analogue of the potential [purpose] which proved so useful in electrostatics .

We found there that by choosing a scalar function in the form we could automatically satisfy the other equation for the electric field strength , .
we found there that by choosing a scalar [purpose] in the form we could automatically satisfy the other equation for the electric field strength , .

This is valid for the case when the flux linking a stationary circuit varies as a function of time .
this is valid for the case when the flux linking a stationary circuit varies as a [purpose] of time .

It varies of course as a function of time but not as a function of the spatial coordinates .
it varies of course as a [purpose] of time but not as a [purpose] of the spatial coordinates .

Up to now all the wires have been stationary , and the magnetic field has varied as a function of time .
up to now all the wires have been stationary , and the magnetic field has varied as a [purpose] of time .

4.12 ) as a function of time , and that changing magnetic field can give rise to an electric field at x = 0 .
4.12 ) as a [purpose] of time , and that changing magnetic field can give rise to an electric field at x = 0 .

( ii ) Determine the position and velocity of the ring as a function of time .
( ii ) determine the position and velocity of the ring as a [purpose] of time .

Although these investigators were not specifically concerned with the notion of cerebral asymmetry of function , their finding that bilingual subjects recognised English words more accurately from the right of fixation but Yiddish words ( which are read from right-to-left ) more accurately from the left of fixation ( see also Orbach , 1967 ) sparked off a number of experiments designed to uncover the relationship between visual field asymmetry and a range of procedural and subject variables .
although these investigators were not specifically concerned with the notion of cerebral asymmetry of [purpose] , their finding that bilingual subjects recognised english words more accurately from the right of fixation but yiddish words ( which are read from right-to-left ) more accurately from the left of fixation ( see also orbach , 1967 ) sparked off a number of experiments designed to uncover the relationship between visual field asymmetry and a range of procedural and subject variables .

When schematic drawings of faces have been used as stimuli visual hemifield asymmetry has been found to be a function of several factors , including the degree of similarity between the stimuli to be compared and the inter-stimulus interval employed ( Patterson and Bradshaw , 1975 ) .
when schematic drawings of faces have been used as stimuli visual hemifield asymmetry has been found to be a [purpose] of several factors , including the degree of similarity between the stimuli to be compared and the inter-stimulus interval employed ( patterson and bradshaw , 1975 ) .

She distinguishes between those models that treat hemisphere specialisation as absolute , according to which a given function can only be performed by a particular hemisphere , and those that regard specialisation as relative .
she distinguishes between those models that treat hemisphere specialisation as absolute , according to which a given [purpose] can only be performed by a particular hemisphere , and those that regard specialisation as relative .

According to the relative specialisation models , both hemispheres can perform a given function but one is faster or more efficient than the other .
according to the relative specialisation models , both hemispheres can perform a given [purpose] but one is faster or more efficient than the other .

These models therefore differ in the degree to which specialisation for a particular function is thought to exist .
these models therefore differ in the degree to which specialisation for a particular [purpose] is thought to exist .

Even with subjects ' strategies constrained , it will be necessary to know how those interact with hemispheric specialisation as a function of different cognitive tasks and experimental variables if a complete account of visual hemifield asymmetries is to be achieved .
even with subjects ' strategies constrained , it will be necessary to know how those interact with hemispheric specialisation as a [purpose] of different cognitive tasks and experimental variables if a complete account of visual hemifield asymmetries is to be achieved .

One of the techniques now employed in many laboratories to assess differences in function between the two halves of the brain entails simultaneous presentation of competing information to the left and right ears .
one of the techniques now employed in many laboratories to assess differences in [purpose] between the two halves of the brain entails simultaneous presentation of competing information to the left and right ears .

Although hemispheric specialisation of function has been studied mainly through the visual and auditory modalities , there has been some work carried out with regard to the sense of touch .
although hemispheric specialisation of [purpose] has been studied mainly through the visual and auditory modalities , there has been some work carried out with regard to the sense of touch .

therefore carried out a study to examine the possibility that this factor was crucial in determining whether lateral eye movements vary as a function of the type of question asked .
therefore carried out a study to examine the possibility that this factor was crucial in determining whether lateral eye movements vary as a [purpose] of the type of question asked .

It was therefore concluded that gaze direction is a function both of an individual 's consistent tendency to rely on a particular half of the brain and of differential hemispheric arousal in response to specific experimental situations .
it was therefore concluded that gaze direction is a [purpose] both of an individual 's consistent tendency to rely on a particular half of the brain and of differential hemispheric arousal in response to specific experimental situations .

Although lateral eye movements appear at first sight to offer a simple and straightforward way of assessing which hemisphere is active at a given Instant , the evidence relating eye movements to hemisphere function is at present rather insubstantial .
although lateral eye movements appear at first sight to offer a simple and straightforward way of assessing which hemisphere is active at a given instant , the evidence relating eye movements to hemisphere [purpose] is at present rather insubstantial .

All the methods in current use for investigating hemispheric asymmetry of function in normal subjects have now been described .
all the methods in current use for investigating hemispheric asymmetry of [purpose] in normal subjects have now been described .

During the past decade or so a number of investigators have used electrophysiological techniques to study hemispheric specialisation of function , usually in right handers .
during the past decade or so a number of investigators have used electrophysiological techniques to study hemispheric specialisation of [purpose] , usually in right handers .

There were characteristic variations in waveform over the left temporal region as a function of different spoken letters , but no parallel changes were recorded over the corresponding region of the right hemisphere .
there were characteristic variations in waveform over the left temporal region as a [purpose] of different spoken letters , but no parallel changes were recorded over the corresponding region of the right hemisphere .

The role of left handedness in this connection has not often been investigated although in more recent studies , relating to other aspects of verbal function , the question of handedness has been raised .
the role of left handedness in this connection has not often been investigated although in more recent studies , relating to other aspects of verbal [purpose] , the question of handedness has been raised .

According to Annett ( 1975 ) the incidence of left or right sided speech representation among sinistrals should be considered a function of the proportion of sinistrals in the population at large .
according to annett ( 1975 ) the incidence of left or right sided speech representation among sinistrals should be considered a [purpose] of the proportion of sinistrals in the population at large .

The extent of language function in the right hemisphere under normal circumstances is not easy to infer from the clinical studies .
the extent of language [purpose] in the right hemisphere under normal circumstances is not easy to infer from the clinical studies .

The same rule does not apply to our bodies , because we are not educated about what out individual bodies require in order to function optimally .
the same rule does not apply to our bodies , because we are not educated about what out individual bodies require in order to [purpose] optimally .

In actual fact , there are some 15 vitamins , 24 minerals and 8–10 amino acids that have been isolated as being essential for normal body function .
in actual fact , there are some 15 vitamins , 24 minerals and 8–10 amino acids that have been isolated as being essential for normal body [purpose] .

If you liken the body to a computer for a moment , the computer can only function when it has the correct date and commands fed to it ; otherwise it refuses to work or breaks down altogether .
if you liken the body to a computer for a moment , the computer can only [purpose] when it has the correct date and commands fed to it ; otherwise it refuses to work or breaks down altogether .

When on or more nutrient is in short supply the body can not function properly , and the symptoms , be they physical or mental , occur .
when on or more nutrient is in short supply the body can not [purpose] properly , and the symptoms , be they physical or mental , occur .

The brain needs glucose to function and the body reacts causing you to feel faint , sweaty and light-headed , and to experience difficulty in concentrating .
the brain needs glucose to [purpose] and the body reacts causing you to feel faint , sweaty and light-headed , and to experience difficulty in concentrating .

It is a fact that exercise is of general benefit to people of all ages because it is necessary for the optimum function , structure and preservation of muscles , bones , joints , and the heart .
it is a fact that exercise is of general benefit to people of all ages because it is necessary for the optimum [purpose] , structure and preservation of muscles , bones , joints , and the heart .

The difference is needed for the proper function of all cells , especially the nervous system and muscles .
the difference is needed for the proper [purpose] of all cells , especially the nervous system and muscles .

Iodine is needed for the function of the thyroid glands which control the metabolism .
iodine is needed for the [purpose] of the thyroid glands which control the metabolism .

So features like a standard format no longer have the function they have in broadcast television .
so features like a standard format no longer have the [purpose] they have in broadcast television .

So silent viewing has a diagnostic function too .
so silent viewing has a diagnostic [purpose] too .

It would be limited to the function it is most useful for in the language classroom : intensive listening .
it would be limited to the [purpose] it is most useful for in the language classroom : intensive listening .

Elements of behaviour like these can function in a similar way to eye contact .
elements of behaviour like these can [purpose] in a similar way to eye contact .

In some language schools it is possible to give the camera a different function : it is handed over to student groups to be used as a tool in project work .
in some language schools it is possible to give the camera a different [purpose] : it is handed over to student groups to be used as a tool in project work .

In most prosobranchs , the saliva lacks any digestive function , being predominantly mucous and functioning as a lubricant for the food collecting and swallowing activities of the animal .
in most prosobranchs , the saliva lacks any digestive [purpose] , being predominantly mucous and functioning as a lubricant for the food collecting and swallowing activities of the animal .

The function of this behaviour is probably a defence system against dislodgement in cold weather ( when they could not re-attach-see p. 303 ) .
the [purpose] of this behaviour is probably a defence system against dislodgement in cold weather ( when they could not re-attach-see p. 303 ) .

The prime function of these aggregations is to bring the sexes together for fertilisation , and also , presumably , to synchronise spawning .
the prime [purpose] of these aggregations is to bring the sexes together for fertilisation , and also , presumably , to synchronise spawning .

Stephen liked to stand and watch , to imagine the druidical forms as they must have been , going about their ritual , and to wait in silence and stillness for the sun to perform his precise function .
stephen liked to stand and watch , to imagine the druidical forms as they must have been , going about their ritual , and to wait in silence and stillness for the sun to perform his precise [purpose] .

some useful function .
some useful [purpose] .

None of the plants will grow to their normal size and will therefore never be able to function under water .
none of the plants will grow to their normal size and will therefore never be able to [purpose] under water .

But the main function of most of these items is to remove the large detritus that most pondkeepers feel is an inevitable result of keeping large goldfish , orfe and Koi .
but the main [purpose] of most of these items is to remove the large detritus that most pondkeepers feel is an inevitable result of keeping large goldfish , orfe and koi .

Unlike Ash , he can still function effectively when ripped in half ( after all , 57 years of technical progress have elapsed ) and saves her life as well as Newt 's .
unlike ash , he can still [purpose] effectively when ripped in half ( after all , 57 years of technical progress have elapsed ) and saves her life as well as newt 's .

This domination can be expressed by the way in which power , technology and ideology come together to produce forms of knowledge that function actively to silence people .
this domination can be expressed by the way in which power , technology and ideology come together to produce forms of knowledge that [purpose] actively to silence people .

But is it possible to sharpen the trial procedure so that it does function as an effective arbiter of the truth value of the police case ?
but is it possible to sharpen the trial procedure so that it does [purpose] as an effective arbiter of the truth value of the police case ?

Its main function will be to ascertain whether the results of the first investigation would appear as firm to another team going over the same ground .
its main [purpose] will be to ascertain whether the results of the first investigation would appear as firm to another team going over the same ground .

It can function as a blazer should you fancy a posh restaurant or club .
it can [purpose] as a blazer should you fancy a posh restaurant or club .

At its simplest , function means effect .
at its simplest , [purpose] means effect .

Thus the function of the family is the effect it has on other parts of the social structure and on society as a whole .
thus the [purpose] of the family is the effect it has on other parts of the social structure and on society as a whole .

In practice the term function is usually used to indicate the contribution an institution makes to the maintenance and survival of the social system : a major function of the family is the socialization of new members of society .
in practice the term [purpose] is usually used to indicate the contribution an institution makes to the maintenance and survival of the social system : a major [purpose] of the family is the socialization of new members of society .

The function of any part of society is its contribution to the maintenance of society .
the [purpose] of any part of society is its contribution to the maintenance of society .

As a result , the term function is associated with the idea of useful and good .
as a result , the term [purpose] is associated with the idea of useful and good .

In summary , functionalists are primarily concerned with the function of social stratification : with its contribution to the maintenance and well-being of society .
in summary , functionalists are primarily concerned with the [purpose] of social stratification : with its contribution to the maintenance and well-being of society .

Firstly by the ‘ degree to which a position is functionally unique , there being no other positions that can perform the same function satisfactorily ’ .
firstly by the ‘ degree to which a position is functionally unique , there being no other positions that can perform the same [purpose] satisfactorily ’ .

According to Davis and Moore , the major function of unequal rewards is to motivate talented individuals and allocate them to the functionally most important positions .
according to davis and moore , the major [purpose] of unequal rewards is to motivate talented individuals and allocate them to the functionally most important positions .

Arguing from a neo-Marxist point of view Barbara and John Ehrenreich claim that there is a distinctive ‘ professional-managerial ’ class , which consists of ‘ salaried mental workers who do not own the means of production and whose major function in the social division of labor may be described broadly as the reproduction of capitalist culture and capitalist class relations ’ .
arguing from a neo-marxist point of view barbara and john ehrenreich claim that there is a distinctive ‘ professional-managerial ’ class , which consists of ‘ salaried mental workers who do not own the means of production and whose major [purpose] in the social division of labor may be described broadly as the reproduction of capitalist culture and capitalist class relations ’ .

The first function of the new class was to organize the process of production .
the first [purpose] of the new class was to organize the process of production .

The second function of the professional-managerial class is to exercise social control over the working class .
the second [purpose] of the professional-managerial class is to exercise social control over the working class .

The final function that the professional-managerial class perform for the ruling class is helping to develop the consumer goods market , ensuring that the working class consume new products produced by capitalism .
the final [purpose] that the professional-managerial class perform for the ruling class is helping to develop the consumer goods market , ensuring that the working class consume new products produced by capitalism .

From such studies , the detonation temperature as a function of cluster size might be estimated .
from such studies , the detonation temperature as a [purpose] of cluster size might be estimated .

This behaviour is a consequence of the structure of the model and of the fact that the model processes inputs and generates outputs that vary as a function of time .
this behaviour is a consequence of the structure of the model and of the fact that the model processes inputs and generates outputs that vary as a [purpose] of time .

The size of a star is a function of its colour .
the size of a star is a [purpose] of its colour .

Many examples of animal behaviour can be seen as evidence supporting the assertion , ‘ Animals are designed so as best to fulfil the function for which they were intended ’ .
many examples of animal behaviour can be seen as evidence supporting the assertion , ‘ animals are designed so as best to fulfil the [purpose] for which they were intended ’ .

The function of normal science and revolutions
the [purpose] of normal science and revolutions

Kuhn insists that his account constitutes a theory of science because it includes an explanation of the function of its various components .
kuhn insists that his account constitutes a theory of science because it includes an explanation of the [purpose] of its various components .

Also , the Euboian cleruchy may actually and ironically have accelerated the revolt it was designed to prevent — because cleruchiea had a garrison function ; but if the cleruchy was installed as early as 450 it can not have been an immediate grievance .
also , the euboian cleruchy may actually and ironically have accelerated the revolt it was designed to prevent — because cleruchiea had a garrison [purpose] ; but if the cleruchy was installed as early as 450 it can not have been an immediate grievance .

Caravans can serve the function of temporary housing for homeless persons , but too often regulations on their seasonal use are ignored even by local authorities to avoid the creation of homeless families who would have to be rehoused ( Larkin 1979 ) .
caravans can serve the [purpose] of temporary housing for homeless persons , but too often regulations on their seasonal use are ignored even by local authorities to avoid the creation of homeless families who would have to be rehoused ( larkin 1979 ) .

They can function as first homes for some young families , and Dunn et al .
they can [purpose] as first homes for some young families , and dunn et al .

Another strategy involves the creation of country parks which have the main function of recreation .
another strategy involves the creation of country parks which have the main [purpose] of recreation .

Population and housing growth in the more pressurized areas had been channelled into the key settlements , but the selected villages in the more remote areas were simply too small to function as foci for growth .
population and housing growth in the more pressurized areas had been channelled into the key settlements , but the selected villages in the more remote areas were simply too small to [purpose] as foci for growth .

Defamation — Parties — Corporation — Publication relating to administration of local authority 's superannuation fund — Publication insinuating maladministration of pension funds — Balance between public interest in freedom of speech and protection of authority 's reputation — Whether entitled to maintain action in respect of governmental and administrative function — Local Government Act 1972 ( c. 70 ) , s. 222(1)
defamation — parties — corporation — publication relating to administration of local authority 's superannuation fund — publication insinuating maladministration of pension funds — balance between public interest in freedom of speech and protection of authority 's reputation — whether entitled to maintain action in respect of governmental and administrative [purpose] — local government act 1972 ( c. 70 ) , s. 222(1)

On the preliminary issue the judge dismissed the application holding that a local authority could sue for libel in respect of its governing or administrative reputation even though no financial loss was pleaded or alleged , that where a local authority instituted proceedings in reliance on section 222(1) of the Local Government Act 1972 it was for the local authority to decide on the expediency of litigating and it was not the court 's function to do so on an application to strike out , and that since the words complained of reflected on the local authority itself in the management and rectitude of its financial affairs , the statement of claim did disclose a cause of action against the defendants .
on the preliminary issue the judge dismissed the application holding that a local authority could sue for libel in respect of its governing or administrative reputation even though no financial loss was pleaded or alleged , that where a local authority instituted proceedings in reliance on section 222(1) of the local government act 1972 it was for the local authority to decide on the expediency of litigating and it was not the court 's [purpose] to do so on an application to strike out , and that since the words complained of reflected on the local authority itself in the management and rectitude of its financial affairs , the statement of claim did disclose a cause of action against the defendants .

It is not a judge 's function on an application to strike out ( post , pp .
it is not a judge 's [purpose] on an application to strike out ( post , pp .

It is not a judge 's function on an application to strike out .
it is not a judge 's [purpose] on an application to strike out .

Counsel for the appellants had attacked this finding because the patient had been an outpatient at a different hospital in the past and a practitioner there could have fulfilled this function ; and he submitted that in any case it was a duty of the hospital managers to find out if it was practicable to obtain the recommendation of a practitioner who had previous acquaintance with the patient : he relied on the form of the question ‘ explain why you could not get a recommendation from a medical practitioner who did know the patient ’ on the hospital admission application form .
counsel for the appellants had attacked this finding because the patient had been an outpatient at a different hospital in the past and a practitioner there could have fulfilled this [purpose] ; and he submitted that in any case it was a duty of the hospital managers to find out if it was practicable to obtain the recommendation of a practitioner who had previous acquaintance with the patient : he relied on the form of the question ‘ explain why you could not get a recommendation from a medical practitioner who did know the patient ’ on the hospital admission application form .

In other words , what is the evolved function of these behaviour patterns ?
in other words , what is the evolved [purpose] of these behaviour patterns ?

But not all pretended deeds have to fall short of their normal function in order to accomplish their communicative purpose .
but not all pretended deeds have to fall short of their normal [purpose] in order to accomplish their communicative purpose .

And how would such an affixation cope with the evident fact that the techniques , modes of expression and performers claimed by the counterculture as their own were apparently so easily appropriated by the established music industry interests , and the music spread into every social corner and function ?
and how would such an affixation cope with the evident fact that the techniques , modes of expression and performers claimed by the counterculture as their own were apparently so easily appropriated by the established music industry interests , and the music spread into every social corner and [purpose] ?

Again , the way he applies it to the specific case of popular music poses problems : the utopian promise which , for Adorno , is the mark of great art 's autonomy is in his view relevant to popular music solely by its absence , for here , he thinks , social control of music 's meaning and function has become absolute , musical form a reified reflection of manipulative social structures ; and this moment in the historical process actually represents , in effect , the end of history — the possibility of movement by way of contradiction and critique has disappeared .
again , the way he applies it to the specific case of popular music poses problems : the utopian promise which , for adorno , is the mark of great art 's autonomy is in his view relevant to popular music solely by its absence , for here , he thinks , social control of music 's meaning and [purpose] has become absolute , musical form a reified reflection of manipulative social structures ; and this moment in the historical process actually represents , in effect , the end of history — the possibility of movement by way of contradiction and critique has disappeared .

The decreasing significance of patronage in the nineteenth century and the permeation of musical life by market relations has two dialectically related effects : commodification of musical works and rationalization of the production system are accompanied by a new level of musical autonomy associated with market freedom and a decline of social function .
the decreasing significance of patronage in the nineteenth century and the permeation of musical life by market relations has two dialectically related effects : commodification of musical works and rationalization of the production system are accompanied by a new level of musical autonomy associated with market freedom and a decline of social [purpose] .

Since music 's function is to represent a contradictory totality , social critique is taken into the workings of the musical structure itself .
since music 's [purpose] is to represent a contradictory totality , social critique is taken into the workings of the musical structure itself .

An important part of the arranger 's function was to create a band style ( hence its ‘ image ’ ) and a song atmosphere .
an important part of the arranger 's [purpose] was to create a band style ( hence its ‘ image ’ ) and a song atmosphere .

To put this more concretely , there can be legitimate arguments about the nature , quality and function of a listener 's response to the actual sound and structure of , say , an Elvis Presley or Bing Crosby song ; what is not legitimate is to move this ‘ thrill ’ , however defined , bodily across the theoretical topography so that it sits wholly under the sign of commodity-fetishism .
to put this more concretely , there can be legitimate arguments about the nature , quality and [purpose] of a listener 's response to the actual sound and structure of , say , an elvis presley or bing crosby song ; what is not legitimate is to move this ‘ thrill ’ , however defined , bodily across the theoretical topography so that it sits wholly under the sign of commodity-fetishism .

This not only affects the distribution , function and meaning of existing works but also stimulates new artistic techniques , new modes of production and new social relationships , shifting art from the sphere of ritual or disinterested contemplation to that of everyday life and political struggle .
this not only affects the distribution , [purpose] and meaning of existing works but also stimulates new artistic techniques , new modes of production and new social relationships , shifting art from the sphere of ritual or disinterested contemplation to that of everyday life and political struggle .

The ‘ folk community ’ is idealized , with no recognition of the huge variety of musical practices ( and social forms ) involved ( think of the differences between the music , and social function , of , say , West African griots , American Indian ceremonial songs and European medieval ballads ) ; in very , very few — if any — of these cases is there no class differentiation ( and thus hierarchies , divisions of function , and so on ) ; in none would it be true to say that musical production occurs ‘ naturally ’ rather than as the result of learned skills and conventions .
the ‘ folk community ’ is idealized , with no recognition of the huge variety of musical practices ( and social forms ) involved ( think of the differences between the music , and social [purpose] , of , say , west african griots , american indian ceremonial songs and european medieval ballads ) ; in very , very few — if any — of these cases is there no class differentiation ( and thus hierarchies , divisions of [purpose] , and so on ) ; in none would it be true to say that musical production occurs ‘ naturally ’ rather than as the result of learned skills and conventions .

The electronic popular music of rock is so different in form and function from the old print-based pop of ‘ moon and June ’ , and so akin to the old pre-literate oral forms of folk music , that most of the assumptions made today about the relations between the two are misguided , based on theories devised at a time when the complete destruction of folk culture by the industrial state seemed only a matter of time .
the electronic popular music of rock is so different in form and [purpose] from the old print-based pop of ‘ moon and june ’ , and so akin to the old pre-literate oral forms of folk music , that most of the assumptions made today about the relations between the two are misguided , based on theories devised at a time when the complete destruction of folk culture by the industrial state seemed only a matter of time .

As an integral condition of democracy at work and beyond , the progressive reduction of social hierarchy in the division of labour , whether this hierarchy is thought in terms of mental/manual labour ( Poulantzas ) , function of capital/function of labour ( Carchedi ) , ‘ conception ’ versus ‘ execution ’ ( Braverman ) , or in some other way .
as an integral condition of democracy at work and beyond , the progressive reduction of social hierarchy in the division of labour , whether this hierarchy is thought in terms of mental/manual labour ( poulantzas ) , [purpose] of capital/function of labour ( carchedi ) , ‘ conception ’ versus ‘ execution ’ ( braverman ) , or in some other way .

( Although , again , the complete abolition of hierarchy , whether of function or income , may be an unattainable theoretical limit . )
( although , again , the complete abolition of hierarchy , whether of [purpose] or income , may be an unattainable theoretical limit . )

As Bachelard ( 1972 ) argued for the case of the natural sciences , general philosophical conceptions can often function as ‘ epistemological obstacles ’ , providing a simple and apparently clear answer where there should be a series of well-defined questions .
as bachelard ( 1972 ) argued for the case of the natural sciences , general philosophical conceptions can often [purpose] as ‘ epistemological obstacles ’ , providing a simple and apparently clear answer where there should be a series of well-defined questions .

This will depend , as Cole suggests , on the basis of decisions which are pertinent to any particular production process , and is therefore not a simple function of the number of agents involved ’ ( Tomlinson , 1980 , p. 170 ) .
this will depend , as cole suggests , on the basis of decisions which are pertinent to any particular production process , and is therefore not a simple [purpose] of the number of agents involved ’ ( tomlinson , 1980 , p. 170 ) .

So long as the broad configuration of the economy remains capitalist , with enterprises producing commodities for profit , ‘ Industrial Democracy , is bound to function merely as a means of incorporating workers , representatives into a capitalistic rationality .
so long as the broad configuration of the economy remains capitalist , with enterprises producing commodities for profit , ‘ industrial democracy , is bound to [purpose] merely as a means of incorporating workers , representatives into a capitalistic rationality .

( 1978 ) point out , this leads to the denial of any specific effectivity on the part of the management of particular enterprises : each enterprise will function according to a uniform mode of calculation , as a mere ‘ aliquot part of the total capital ’ .
( 1978 ) point out , this leads to the denial of any specific effectivity on the part of the management of particular enterprises : each enterprise will [purpose] according to a uniform mode of calculation , as a mere ‘ aliquot part of the total capital ’ .

Second , even if straightforward authoritarianism and minimisation of wages are assumed to be universal features of capitalist rationality , it is difficult to claim that this ‘ rationality ’ is uniformly imposed in practice as a function of the ‘ undisputed authority of the capitalist ’ ( Marx ) .
second , even if straightforward authoritarianism and minimisation of wages are assumed to be universal features of capitalist rationality , it is difficult to claim that this ‘ rationality ’ is uniformly imposed in practice as a [purpose] of the ‘ undisputed authority of the capitalist ’ ( marx ) .

Its interest lies in its function as the creed of a reforming élite , confronted with the difficulties of a state-sponsored economic revival in an under-developed economy , a revival that had to contend with the resistances of the traditional structure and the misrepresentations of a peculiarly narrow Catholic conservatism .
its interest lies in its [purpose] as the creed of a reforming élite , confronted with the difficulties of a state-sponsored economic revival in an under-developed economy , a revival that had to contend with the resistances of the traditional structure and the misrepresentations of a peculiarly narrow catholic conservatism .

The creation of an enlightened élite , committed to reform , among the provincial notables was the function of the government-sponsored Economic or Patriotic Societies and the ‘ economic ’ press which was to diffuse a government-sponsored view of the new gospel of progress .
the creation of an enlightened élite , committed to reform , among the provincial notables was the [purpose] of the government-sponsored economic or patriotic societies and the ‘ economic ’ press which was to diffuse a government-sponsored view of the new gospel of progress .

Their function was to reoccupy areas evacuated by the French and impose a patriot terror , bullying the population into resistance .
their [purpose] was to reoccupy areas evacuated by the french and impose a patriot terror , bullying the population into resistance .

Although precious substances have done much to dignify and enrich the lives of individuals , their prime function has always been social .
although precious substances have done much to dignify and enrich the lives of individuals , their prime [purpose] has always been social .

The implication is that peasant militancy in 1905 was not a function of overall impoverishment and that minor concessions , such as the reduction in taxes and ending of redemption dues , were unlikely to transform peasant attitudes .
the implication is that peasant militancy in 1905 was not a [purpose] of overall impoverishment and that minor concessions , such as the reduction in taxes and ending of redemption dues , were unlikely to transform peasant attitudes .

In fact , however , its function ‘ was not to represent the workers ’ interests , but to prepare for the seizure of power and to serve as the organizational prototype of a new form of state power .
in fact , however , its [purpose] ‘ was not to represent the workers ’ interests , but to prepare for the seizure of power and to serve as the organizational prototype of a new form of state power .

2 ; see below , Chapter 3 ) argued that one function of the criminal law and punishment was to reinforce the conscience collective of society and thereby ensure that members of society continued to refrain from crime .
2 ; see below , chapter 3 ) argued that one [purpose] of the criminal law and punishment was to reinforce the conscience collective of society and thereby ensure that members of society continued to refrain from crime .

Law can function ideologically , to legitimate the existing order and ‘ mystify ’ subordinate classes into acquiescence ( what Gramsci called ‘ consent ’ ) .
law can [purpose] ideologically , to legitimate the existing order and ‘ mystify ’ subordinate classes into acquiescence ( what gramsci called ‘ consent ’ ) .

‘ lts true function is to maintain social cohesion intact .
‘ lts true [purpose] is to maintain social cohesion intact .

This structuring function of the Court of Appeal was further strengthened by the appearance in 1970 of Thomas ' Principles of Sentencing which provided an accessible digest of a great many of its decisions , both reported and unreported .
this structuring [purpose] of the court of appeal was further strengthened by the appearance in 1970 of thomas ' principles of sentencing which provided an accessible digest of a great many of its decisions , both reported and unreported .

5 ) , but also emphasized the inviolability of the sentencing function in the face of perceived interference from outside .
5 ) , but also emphasized the inviolability of the sentencing [purpose] in the face of perceived interference from outside .

In essence we can say that the sentenced prison population is a function of the number of people received into prison and the average length of sentence that they actually serve ( sometimes known as effective sentence length : Fitzmaurice and Pease , 1992 : 575 ) .
in essence we can say that the sentenced prison population is a [purpose] of the number of people received into prison and the average length of sentence that they actually serve ( sometimes known as effective sentence length : fitzmaurice and pease , 1992 : 575 ) .

But its use is not by any means the main function of the books in which it may be necessary , and there is little to be said about it .
but its use is not by any means the main [purpose] of the books in which it may be necessary , and there is little to be said about it .

It was used to print religious texts in Cyrillic characters and was able to function even during the period of Turkish overlordship after 1499 , when Cetinje was incorporated into the sandžak of Skadar .
it was used to print religious texts in cyrillic characters and was able to [purpose] even during the period of turkish overlordship after 1499 , when cetinje was incorporated into the sandžak of skadar .

‘ In a largely illiterate society this oral epic singing also had the function roughly corresponding to the modern mass media — it spread the political news , much more slowly but perhaps not less reliably than the modern press , radio and television .
‘ in a largely illiterate society this oral epic singing also had the [purpose] roughly corresponding to the modern mass media — it spread the political news , much more slowly but perhaps not less reliably than the modern press , radio and television .

Rostov keyed his writer , about to make a note to ascertain the exact function of each of the assorted external mountings .
rostov keyed his writer , about to make a note to ascertain the exact [purpose] of each of the assorted external mountings .

It was apparent that the compartment had a survey as well as a command function .
it was apparent that the compartment had a survey as well as a command [purpose] .

In this case , the supply of arbitrage services is a step function , with a large increase in arbitrage supply occurring when the mispricing is just large enough to cover the transactions costs of a new group of arbitrageurs .
in this case , the supply of arbitrage services is a step [purpose] , with a large increase in arbitrage supply occurring when the mispricing is just large enough to cover the transactions costs of a new group of arbitrageurs .

Samuelson ( 1965 ) has argued that , as the delivery date of a futures contract approaches , the volatility of its price will increase , that is , volatility is a negative function of the time to deliver ( or maturity ) .
samuelson ( 1965 ) has argued that , as the delivery date of a futures contract approaches , the volatility of its price will increase , that is , volatility is a negative [purpose] of the time to deliver ( or maturity ) .

For a fixed number of traders , they derived the result that the covariance of squared daily price changes and daily volume is a positive function of the variance of the directing or mixing variable , and this relationship is expected to have a heteroscedastic disturbance term .
for a fixed number of traders , they derived the result that the covariance of squared daily price changes and daily volume is a positive [purpose] of the variance of the directing or mixing variable , and this relationship is expected to have a heteroscedastic disturbance term .

Both volume and the absolute value of the change in price are assumed to be a positive function of the amount of disagreement between traders .
both volume and the absolute value of the change in price are assumed to be a positive [purpose] of the amount of disagreement between traders .

was due wholly to the negligence or wrongful act of a government or other authority in exercising its function of maintaining lights or other navigational aids .
was due wholly to the negligence or wrongful act of a government or other authority in exercising its [purpose] of maintaining lights or other navigational aids .

This ‘ rediscovery of poverty ’ would seem to be a function of an academic and political interest that had emerged , concerned to look at the adequacy of social policies .
this ‘ rediscovery of poverty ’ would seem to be a [purpose] of an academic and political interest that had emerged , concerned to look at the adequacy of social policies .

Accordingly instead of serving the economic function for which they were originally advocated they have been modified to serve the political function of reducing the number of unemployed whilst minimizing intervention in the economy as a whole .
accordingly instead of serving the economic [purpose] for which they were originally advocated they have been modified to serve the political [purpose] of reducing the number of unemployed whilst minimizing intervention in the economy as a whole .

Another function of the departments is that of child protection .
another [purpose] of the departments is that of child protection .

Large numbers of the elderly suffer from some degree of disability or impairment of physical or mental function .
large numbers of the elderly suffer from some degree of disability or impairment of physical or mental [purpose] .

Large numbers of voluntary agencies also have a research function , sponsoring or undertaking research into needs .
large numbers of voluntary agencies also have a research [purpose] , sponsoring or undertaking research into needs .

Part of the agitation for reform of local government concerned ways of improving this research function .
part of the agitation for reform of local government concerned ways of improving this research [purpose] .

However , of the seven studies in the review they quote , three showed objective changes in lung function after theophylline , all in association with plasma concentrations in the therapeutic range .
however , of the seven studies in the review they quote , three showed objective changes in lung [purpose] after theophylline , all in association with plasma concentrations in the therapeutic range .

Whereas until now the doing of tasks was a public function ( home help , care assistant , district nurse , meals on wheels ) and their integration into an overall care plan was a private function , now the public sector proposes to do the co-ordinating and the private , voluntary and informal will do the actual caring work .
whereas until now the doing of tasks was a public [purpose] ( home help , care assistant , district nurse , meals on wheels ) and their integration into an overall care plan was a private [purpose] , now the public sector proposes to do the co-ordinating and the private , voluntary and informal will do the actual caring work .

Poverty in old age is a function , first , of low economic and social status prior to retirement , which restricts access to a wide range of resources ; and , secondly , of the imposition of depressed social status through the process of retirement itself .
poverty in old age is a [purpose] , first , of low economic and social status prior to retirement , which restricts access to a wide range of resources ; and , secondly , of the imposition of depressed social status through the process of retirement itself .

Thus the poverty of older women is a function both of lifelong comparatively low access to resources ( including the non-participation of some in the resource-generating potential of joint households via marriage ) ; and of the restricted access to resources which is imposed by retirement and the assumptions about the level of state pensions which are allied to it .
thus the poverty of older women is a [purpose] both of lifelong comparatively low access to resources ( including the non-participation of some in the resource-generating potential of joint households via marriage ) ; and of the restricted access to resources which is imposed by retirement and the assumptions about the level of state pensions which are allied to it .

Certain of the services implicit in a wholesaler function , and for which publishers have agreed to pay higher rate of discounts , have been eroded over the years , and we wish to see them reinstated .
certain of the services implicit in a wholesaler [purpose] , and for which publishers have agreed to pay higher rate of discounts , have been eroded over the years , and we wish to see them reinstated .

One approach to the study of functional domains in the HsdS polypeptide is to use defined mutations in the hsdS gene and to test their function in combination with hsdM and hsdR genes .
one approach to the study of functional domains in the hsds polypeptide is to use defined mutations in the hsds gene and to test their [purpose] in combination with hsdm and hsdr genes .

Construction and function of the endonuclease operon(s)
construction and [purpose] of the endonuclease operon(s)

According to their localization , these deletions or duplications frequently provoke major respiratory chain function defects , with consequent cellular energy supply deficiencies .
according to their localization , these deletions or duplications frequently provoke major respiratory chain [purpose] defects , with consequent cellular energy supply deficiencies .

Clearly point mutations in the D-stem and/or the variable loop have long-range effects on the potential of the tRNA to function as a substrate for various modifying enzymes .
clearly point mutations in the d-stem and/or the variable loop have long-range effects on the potential of the trna to [purpose] as a substrate for various modifying enzymes .

You can either write them in the built-in macro editor or turn on the Record function , which will record your keystrokes as you go along .
you can either write them in the built-in macro editor or turn on the record [purpose] , which will record your keystrokes as you go along .

Five years on from the original 1988 Wagner Report , the group made ten recommendations for the future beginning with the establishment of a new body to take over the group 's function .
five years on from the original 1988 wagner report , the group made ten recommendations for the future beginning with the establishment of a new body to take over the group 's [purpose] .

The restoration of tumour suppressor gene function has proved an effective strategy for reversing the malignant phenotype in vitro and recently in several animal systems using retinoblastoma gene constructs .
the restoration of tumour suppressor gene [purpose] has proved an effective strategy for reversing the malignant phenotype in vitro and recently in several animal systems using retinoblastoma gene constructs .

We checked the assumption of proportionality by using graphs of the log-log survivor function .
we checked the assumption of proportionality by using graphs of the log-log survivor [purpose] .

Linkage of the cytoplasmic domain to the cytoskeleton through proteins known as catenins is necessary for cadherin function .
linkage of the cytoplasmic domain to the cytoskeleton through proteins known as catenins is necessary for cadherin [purpose] .

This suggests a possible tumour suppressor function for this cell adhesion molecule .
this suggests a possible tumour suppressor [purpose] for this cell adhesion molecule .

An important function of cell adhesion molecules in addition to adhesive binding is transmission of signals across cell membranes .
an important [purpose] of cell adhesion molecules in addition to adhesive binding is transmission of signals across cell membranes .

Of course the structure and function of our medical services must change to meet — even better , to anticipate — changes in the patterns of disease and the emergence of new methods to deal with them .
of course the structure and [purpose] of our medical services must change to meet — even better , to anticipate — changes in the patterns of disease and the emergence of new methods to deal with them .

’ Though this may apply to certain people , research findings indicate that suicide is at least partly a function of the availability of a lethal method of suicide .
’ though this may apply to certain people , research findings indicate that suicide is at least partly a [purpose] of the availability of a lethal method of suicide .

recovery of renal function
recovery of renal [purpose]

Recovery of renal function was examined in patients who survived more than three months .
recovery of renal [purpose] was examined in patients who survived more than three months .

In 12 patients ( 20 % ) the serum creatinine concentration did not return to below 300 µmol/l ; one of these had a subsequent deterioration in renal function and two years later had started dialysis .
in 12 patients ( 20 % ) the serum creatinine concentration did not return to below 300 µmol/l ; one of these had a subsequent deterioration in renal [purpose] and two years later had started dialysis .

Some patients who present with acute renal disease as an emergency to a renal unit , often with forms of rapidly progressive glomerulonephritis , do not subsequently recover renal function .
some patients who present with acute renal disease as an emergency to a renal unit , often with forms of rapidly progressive glomerulonephritis , do not subsequently recover renal [purpose] .

Included in our definition were people who had mild chronic renal failure who suffered an acute or chronic deterioration of function and then made some recovery .
included in our definition were people who had mild chronic renal failure who suffered an acute or chronic deterioration of [purpose] and then made some recovery .

There will also be a large number of people with already impaired renal function as these are probably more susceptible to further insults than people with normal , healthy kidneys .
there will also be a large number of people with already impaired renal [purpose] as these are probably more susceptible to further insults than people with normal , healthy kidneys .

Little is known about the effects of body fat distribution on reproductive function in women .
little is known about the effects of body fat distribution on reproductive [purpose] in women .

Frisch suggested that underweight women would also have impaired reproductive function owing to a lack of oestrogen produced in adipose tissue .
frisch suggested that underweight women would also have impaired reproductive [purpose] owing to a lack of oestrogen produced in adipose tissue .

Physicians trained in internal medicine are attached and function as consultants .
physicians trained in internal medicine are attached and [purpose] as consultants .

Standard laboratory investigations , including thyroid function tests , all gave normal findings .
standard laboratory investigations , including thyroid [purpose] tests , all gave normal findings .

Even if we are not quite ready for that , we should as teachers at least attempt to promote our exemplar role to the realms of awareness and practise as conscious role models , because whether we like it or not that is how we function .
even if we are not quite ready for that , we should as teachers at least attempt to promote our exemplar role to the realms of awareness and practise as conscious role models , because whether we like it or not that is how we [purpose] .

This should not reduce the usefulness of the reference , since the prime function of a citation is that of referring an interested reader to another work rather than that of publicly applauding the contribution of individual authors .
this should not reduce the usefulness of the reference , since the prime [purpose] of a citation is that of referring an interested reader to another work rather than that of publicly applauding the contribution of individual authors .

Within the specialty of mental health the central coordinating function was first recognised formally in the United States by the Community Mental Health Centers Act ( 1963 ) and its 1975 amendments , which explicitly required the centres to link with other agencies providing care for long term patients .
within the specialty of mental health the central coordinating [purpose] was first recognised formally in the united states by the community mental health centers act ( 1963 ) and its 1975 amendments , which explicitly required the centres to link with other agencies providing care for long term patients .

Brokerage models , however , give the case manager a central and more distant coordinating function without any necessary direct contact with the patient .
brokerage models , however , give the case manager a central and more distant coordinating [purpose] without any necessary direct contact with the patient .

Care management as a purchasing function
care management as a purchasing [purpose]

5 Health/social service function
5 health/social service [purpose]

The study found that the intelligence of most people remains constant until the age of 70 and concluded that ‘ for most people life satisfaction does not decline markedly with age , and the ability to function and adapt does not seem related to age .
the study found that the intelligence of most people remains constant until the age of 70 and concluded that ‘ for most people life satisfaction does not decline markedly with age , and the ability to [purpose] and adapt does not seem related to age .

Should there be specialist social workers in area teams with responsibility for developing dementia teamwork , or would this be more properly the function of the specialist social worker for the elderly ?
should there be specialist social workers in area teams with responsibility for developing dementia teamwork , or would this be more properly the [purpose] of the specialist social worker for the elderly ?

What is its function ?
what is its [purpose] ?

If the function is seen as the delivery of a service to carers and hence taking on the role of respite care rather than that of aiming for functional improvement then this could have import for the type of staff , ie specifically trained , ratio of staff and the drawing of expertise from other fields , ie occupational therapists .
if the [purpose] is seen as the delivery of a service to carers and hence taking on the role of respite care rather than that of aiming for functional improvement then this could have import for the type of staff , ie specifically trained , ratio of staff and the drawing of expertise from other fields , ie occupational therapists .

There are many examples of polemical statements made by Nizan which deliberately simplify the process of literary production by stressing its unmediated ideological function .
there are many examples of polemical statements made by nizan which deliberately simplify the process of literary production by stressing its unmediated ideological [purpose] .

The mere fact that Nizan , in an important article on Chamson published in 1935 , chose to give prominence to the contribution of Bukharin at the 1934 Congress is symptomatic of the fact that an acceptance of the ideological function of literature does not signal in Nizan 's eyes the complete abandonment of art to the demands of ideology .
the mere fact that nizan , in an important article on chamson published in 1935 , chose to give prominence to the contribution of bukharin at the 1934 congress is symptomatic of the fact that an acceptance of the ideological [purpose] of literature does not signal in nizan 's eyes the complete abandonment of art to the demands of ideology .

The real function of the reader is to be committed to learning how to live , and consequently to consider the novel , and literature in general , not as entertainment , but as a means of raising consciousness .
the real [purpose] of the reader is to be committed to learning how to live , and consequently to consider the novel , and literature in general , not as entertainment , but as a means of raising consciousness .

The style , tone and content of Nizan 's literature are ultimately explained as much by his understanding of the complex links between reader , writer and text as they are by his commitment to the ideological function of literature itself .
the style , tone and content of nizan 's literature are ultimately explained as much by his understanding of the complex links between reader , writer and text as they are by his commitment to the ideological [purpose] of literature itself .

Perhaps the most important function of deprivation payments was to compensate practices with low lists after the introduction of the new contract , which linked income much more closely to capitation .
perhaps the most important [purpose] of deprivation payments was to compensate practices with low lists after the introduction of the new contract , which linked income much more closely to capitation .

The dose equivalence of salmeterol compared with salbutamol determined from single dose studies of acute changes in lung function has ranged from 1 to 16 — that is , doses of salmeterol from 12.5 µg to 200 µg have produced similar bronchodilatation as 200 µg salbutamol .
the dose equivalence of salmeterol compared with salbutamol determined from single dose studies of acute changes in lung [purpose] has ranged from 1 to 16 — that is , doses of salmeterol from 12.5 µg to 200 µg have produced similar bronchodilatation as 200 µg salbutamol .

its function as an auxiliary to predication .
its [purpose] as an auxiliary to predication .

But the function of to be , surely , is not to supply logically independent existence predicates , but to help turn other words into predicates .
but the [purpose] of to be , surely , is not to supply logically independent existence predicates , but to help turn other words into predicates .

According to Frege , concepts represent a sub-class of functions ; more specifically , a concept is a function `` whose value is always a truth-value `` .
according to frege , concepts represent a sub-class of functions ; more specifically , a concept is a [purpose] `` whose value is always a truth-value `` .

he sees a function as a kind of logical mechanism , such that if certain numerical constants or `` arguments `` are `` fed `` into it , it will produce certain values .
he sees a [purpose] as a kind of logical mechanism , such that if certain numerical constants or `` arguments `` are `` fed `` into it , it will produce certain values .

It follows that fictional things can not function as genuine subjects of predication , and in the strict sense can not be 'talked about ' at all .
it follows that fictional things can not [purpose] as genuine subjects of predication , and in the strict sense can not be 'talked about ' at all .

If the word `` real `` in the sense of `` actual `` or `` actually existent `` has any discernible function at all , then it is only to indicate in a roundabout way that a certain proposition , or propositions , are actally true ; and `` true `` , as we have just seen , is itself eliminable as a propositional predicate .
if the word `` real `` in the sense of `` actual `` or `` actually existent `` has any discernible [purpose] at all , then it is only to indicate in a roundabout way that a certain proposition , or propositions , are actally true ; and `` true `` , as we have just seen , is itself eliminable as a propositional predicate .

The latter concepts , which he dubbed `` the Ideas `` , have merely a regulative function , in the sense that they direct the activity of the understanding towards the ultimate goals of unity and completeness , which however remain forever outside the reach of `` empirical synthesis `` .
the latter concepts , which he dubbed `` the ideas `` , have merely a regulative [purpose] , in the sense that they direct the activity of the understanding towards the ultimate goals of unity and completeness , which however remain forever outside the reach of `` empirical synthesis `` .

Like Kant 's Ideas they have a regulative function , guiding our actions and our cognitive efforts in a certain direction .
like kant 's ideas they have a regulative [purpose] , guiding our actions and our cognitive efforts in a certain direction .

In particular , through nominalisation almost any expression can be turned into a noun phrase and used in a quasi-referential function .
in particular , through nominalisation almost any expression can be turned into a noun phrase and used in a quasi-referential [purpose] .

How , then , do proper names perform their referential function ?
how , then , do proper names perform their referential [purpose] ?

Do they necessarily have a meaning as well as reference ; and if so , to what extent , if any , is their meaning.content relevant to their designatory function ?
do they necessarily have a meaning as well as reference ; and if so , to what extent , if any , is their meaning.content relevant to their designatory [purpose] ?

The function of a name is to designate the common target of such descriptions .
the [purpose] of a name is to designate the common target of such descriptions .

It is then not so much the distinction between names and descriptions as the distinction between the function of naming and the function of describing that gives some indication as to what is involved in positing something as an ontological existent .
it is then not so much the distinction between names and descriptions as the distinction between the [purpose] of naming and the [purpose] of describing that gives some indication as to what is involved in positing something as an ontological existent .

Such expressions , he argued , can not perform a genuinely naming function , and , ideally , should not be used at all .
such expressions , he argued , can not perform a genuinely naming [purpose] , and , ideally , should not be used at all .

Places are determined in relation to entities , which means that if places are to perform their individuative function , it is necessary to assume the numerical uniqueness of the entities that act as our frame of reference , and so once again we seem to be caught in a circular argument .
places are determined in relation to entities , which means that if places are to perform their individuative [purpose] , it is necessary to assume the numerical uniqueness of the entities that act as our frame of reference , and so once again we seem to be caught in a circular argument .

My sentence consists of a demonstrative pronoun , which acts as an ersatz name and fulfils the function of the subject , and a predicative expression .
my sentence consists of a demonstrative pronoun , which acts as an ersatz name and fulfils the [purpose] of the subject , and a predicative expression .

Further insights into the differential expression of alternatively spliced variants of tenascin will help us to understand differences between normal and tumor cell expression and function .
further insights into the differential expression of alternatively spliced variants of tenascin will help us to understand differences between normal and tumor cell expression and [purpose] .

The deformation energy curves for these transitions are given in figure 3 ( left hand side ) as a function of ε-ζ .
the deformation energy curves for these transitions are given in figure 3 ( left hand side ) as a [purpose] of ε-ζ .

‘ The disciplined use of decorative devices demands proper consideration of their function , ’ he emphasizes , ‘ even if or perhaps especially if that function is just to be eye-catching .
‘ the disciplined use of decorative devices demands proper consideration of their [purpose] , ’ he emphasizes , ‘ even if or perhaps especially if that [purpose] is just to be eye-catching .

Effects of prematurity and intrauterine growth on respiratory health and lung function in childhood
effects of prematurity and intrauterine growth on respiratory health and lung [purpose] in childhood

To determine whether birth weight and gestational age are associated with respiratory illness and lung function in children aged 5–11 years .
to determine whether birth weight and gestational age are associated with respiratory illness and lung [purpose] in children aged 5–11 years .

5573 children aged 5–11 ( 63.3% of eligible children ) had respiratory symptoms analysed and 2036 children ( 67.1% of eligible children ) had lung function measured .
5573 children aged 5–11 ( 63.3% of eligible children ) had respiratory symptoms analysed and 2036 children ( 67.1% of eligible children ) had lung [purpose] measured .

Symptoms of asthma , bronchitis , occasional and frequent wheeze , cough first thing in the morning , and cough at any other time and lung function .
symptoms of asthma , bronchitis , occasional and frequent wheeze , cough first thing in the morning , and cough at any other time and lung [purpose] .

Lung function is affected mainly by intrauterine environment while respiratory illness , especially wheezing , in childhood is related to prematurity .
lung [purpose] is affected mainly by intrauterine environment while respiratory illness , especially wheezing , in childhood is related to prematurity .

Low birth weight has been reported to be associated with reduced lung function or with respiratory illness in children , adolescents , and adults .
low birth weight has been reported to be associated with reduced lung [purpose] or with respiratory illness in children , adolescents , and adults .

Children whose birth weight was under 2000 g were more likely to experience troublesome cough , but not wheeze , than controls and their measures of lung function were significantly reduced .
children whose birth weight was under 2000 g were more likely to experience troublesome cough , but not wheeze , than controls and their measures of lung [purpose] were significantly reduced .

Barker et al reported that low birth weight was associated with lower adult lung function but not with symptoms of wheeze .
barker et al reported that low birth weight was associated with lower adult lung [purpose] but not with symptoms of wheeze .

These results seem to indicate some consistency in the relation between birth weight and lung function , but there is less consensus concerning the relation between birth weight and respiratory symptoms .
these results seem to indicate some consistency in the relation between birth weight and lung [purpose] , but there is less consensus concerning the relation between birth weight and respiratory symptoms .

Reduced lung function has been associated with low birth weight regardless of whether the child had respiratory complications at birth .
reduced lung [purpose] has been associated with low birth weight regardless of whether the child had respiratory complications at birth .

If poor nutrition in utero is the main cause of the poor lung function children with low birth weight and normal gestational age would be expected to have lower lung function values than those of the same birth weight who were born prematurely .
if poor nutrition in utero is the main cause of the poor lung [purpose] children with low birth weight and normal gestational age would be expected to have lower lung [purpose] values than those of the same birth weight who were born prematurely .

We evaluated children 's lung function and respiratory symptoms in relation to both length of gestation and the birth weight adjusted for gestational age .
we evaluated children 's lung [purpose] and respiratory symptoms in relation to both length of gestation and the birth weight adjusted for gestational age .

Lung function measurements were carried out in children aged 6.5 to 11 years in a subsample of study areas , resulting in 3036 eligible children .
lung [purpose] measurements were carried out in children aged 6.5 to 11 years in a subsample of study areas , resulting in 3036 eligible children .

Lung function was measured with a spirometer attached to a spirogram and digital printout .
lung [purpose] was measured with a spirometer attached to a spirogram and digital printout .

Respiratory symptoms were analysed by multiple logistic regression and lung function standard deviation scores by multiple linear regression .
respiratory symptoms were analysed by multiple logistic regression and lung [purpose] standard deviation scores by multiple linear regression .

The following categorical variables were used : father 's unemployment ( yes , no , or not known ) ; father 's social class ( non-manual , skilled manual , semiskilled and unskilled manual , and not known ) ; one parent in the household ( no , yes , not known ) ; mother 's age at child 's birth ( < 20 , 20–23 , 24–27 , 28–31 , > 32 , and not known ) ; mother 's education ( primary education , secondary education , further education , and university education ) ; number of children ( one , two , three , four , five or more , and not known ) ; maternal smoking in pregnancy ( no , yes , not known ) ; total number cigarettes smoked at home at the time of the survey ( 0 , 1–4 , 5–14 , 15–24 , 25 or more , and not known ) ; free school meals ( free , not free , not taken , not known if free , and not known ) ; overcrowding ( < 1.25 people per room , > =1.25 ; people per room , not known ) ; maternal and paternal asthma ( no , yes , not known ) ; and study areas ( 27 areas for the respiratory illness analyses and 17 for the lung function analyses ) .
the following categorical variables were used : father 's unemployment ( yes , no , or not known ) ; father 's social class ( non-manual , skilled manual , semiskilled and unskilled manual , and not known ) ; one parent in the household ( no , yes , not known ) ; mother 's age at child 's birth ( < 20 , 20–23 , 24–27 , 28–31 , > 32 , and not known ) ; mother 's education ( primary education , secondary education , further education , and university education ) ; number of children ( one , two , three , four , five or more , and not known ) ; maternal smoking in pregnancy ( no , yes , not known ) ; total number cigarettes smoked at home at the time of the survey ( 0 , 1–4 , 5–14 , 15–24 , 25 or more , and not known ) ; free school meals ( free , not free , not taken , not known if free , and not known ) ; overcrowding ( < 1.25 people per room , > =1.25 ; people per room , not known ) ; maternal and paternal asthma ( no , yes , not known ) ; and study areas ( 27 areas for the respiratory illness analyses and 17 for the lung [purpose] analyses ) .

The continuous variable weight for height expressed as standard deviation score was adjusted for in the analysis of lung function .
the continuous variable weight for height expressed as standard deviation score was adjusted for in the analysis of lung [purpose] .

In the lung function analysis 2036 ( 67.1 % ) of 3036 eligible children had useful information on all variables .
in the lung [purpose] analysis 2036 ( 67.1 % ) of 3036 eligible children had useful information on all variables .

Valid assessment of lung function was not available for 418 children .
valid assessment of lung [purpose] was not available for 418 children .

We found that length of gestation but not birth weight was associated with respiratory symptoms , and birth weight but not gestational age was associated with most lung function measurements .
we found that length of gestation but not birth weight was associated with respiratory symptoms , and birth weight but not gestational age was associated with most lung [purpose] measurements .

As this was a population study the results on lung function and respiratory illness depended on the majority of children who were term babies and had normal birth weight , with low birth weight or premature infants accounting for only a minority .
as this was a population study the results on lung [purpose] and respiratory illness depended on the majority of children who were term babies and had normal birth weight , with low birth weight or premature infants accounting for only a minority .

Our study has the strengths that the sample sizes were large , the measurements have been carefully standardised , the fieldworkers were trained to measure lung function in a standard manner , and a large number of possible confounding variables were included in the analyses .
our study has the strengths that the sample sizes were large , the measurements have been carefully standardised , the fieldworkers were trained to measure lung [purpose] in a standard manner , and a large number of possible confounding variables were included in the analyses .

birth weight and lung function
birth weight and lung [purpose]

We wanted to distinguish the possible effects of birth weight and gestational age on lung function and respiratory illness as this approach could provide clues for the differing role of environment in utero and level of maturation .
we wanted to distinguish the possible effects of birth weight and gestational age on lung [purpose] and respiratory illness as this approach could provide clues for the differing role of environment in utero and level of maturation .

Our results confirm the relation between birth weight and lung function measurements reported in other studies .
our results confirm the relation between birth weight and lung [purpose] measurements reported in other studies .

The environmental effect on lung function is further supported by the finding in other studies that among low birthweight children poor forced expiratory function is not dependent on neonatal respiratory events or their treatment .
the environmental effect on lung [purpose] is further supported by the finding in other studies that among low birthweight children poor forced expiratory [purpose] is not dependent on neonatal respiratory events or their treatment .

The mechanisms through which prenatal events influence lung function differ from those that affect respiratory symptoms in children .
the mechanisms through which prenatal events influence lung [purpose] differ from those that affect respiratory symptoms in children .

This explains the consistency of the relation between birth weight and lung function and the lack of it between birth weight and respiratory illness .
this explains the consistency of the relation between birth weight and lung [purpose] and the lack of it between birth weight and respiratory illness .

He was admitted to hospital and encouraged to drink 4–5 litres of fluid daily with careful monitoring of renal function .
he was admitted to hospital and encouraged to drink 4–5 litres of fluid daily with careful monitoring of renal [purpose] .

On the third day his urine was clear and his renal function remained normal .
on the third day his urine was clear and his renal [purpose] remained normal .

Not only does spinal stabilisation for early scoliosis in patients with Duchenne muscular dystrophy maintain sitting balance but it is also associated with a slower deterioration in lung function .
not only does spinal stabilisation for early scoliosis in patients with duchenne muscular dystrophy maintain sitting balance but it is also associated with a slower deterioration in lung [purpose] .

over-reliance on old basic industries particularly affected by changing market demands and the new international division of labour ) into overspecialization by corporate function ( i.e .
over-reliance on old basic industries particularly affected by changing market demands and the new international division of labour ) into overspecialization by corporate [purpose] ( i.e .

As a New Town , Cramlington has always had a dual function .
as a new town , cramlington has always had a dual [purpose] .

In Cramlington they could and did , not only from housing land but also through their subsidiary which developed the town shopping centre , which again in a designated New Town would have been a development corporation function .
in cramlington they could and did , not only from housing land but also through their subsidiary which developed the town shopping centre , which again in a designated new town would have been a development corporation [purpose] .

Ruth got her breath back , and her mind began to function again , slowly .
ruth got her breath back , and her mind began to [purpose] again , slowly .

One is that they will be much more complete : they will contain all the tiny function words which were too frequent , and regarded as too unimportant , to figure in a work like Cruden 's Concordance to the Scriptures .
one is that they will be much more complete : they will contain all the tiny [purpose] words which were too frequent , and regarded as too unimportant , to figure in a work like cruden 's concordance to the scriptures .

In addition , commentators record the persistent racism of British society , which impedes ‘ integration ’ and may function to perpetuate the inequalities suffered by black people .
in addition , commentators record the persistent racism of british society , which impedes ‘ integration ’ and may [purpose] to perpetuate the inequalities suffered by black people .

In terms of this approach ethnic disadvantage is essentially a function of the British class structure .
in terms of this approach ethnic disadvantage is essentially a [purpose] of the british class structure .

The function of adjudication is the determination of the rights and duties of the parties presenting their dispute to the tribunal .
the [purpose] of adjudication is the determination of the rights and duties of the parties presenting their dispute to the tribunal .

The second function of tribunals is regulation .
the second [purpose] of tribunals is regulation .

The third function , which belongs principally to ministerial and public enquiries , is advice .
the third [purpose] , which belongs principally to ministerial and public enquiries , is advice .

In commenting on the enabling function of the tribunal , the research study speaks of the heavy burden placed on the tribunal of eliciting all the relevant information about the case and applying the law to the facts in an impartial and objective manner .
in commenting on the enabling [purpose] of the tribunal , the research study speaks of the heavy burden placed on the tribunal of eliciting all the relevant information about the case and applying the law to the facts in an impartial and objective manner .

the function of giving specialist advice and services in a specialized field of knowledge ;
the [purpose] of giving specialist advice and services in a specialized field of knowledge ;

For potential solicitors the apprenticeship to an experienced solicitor in the form of articles of clerkship performs the same function .
for potential solicitors the apprenticeship to an experienced solicitor in the form of articles of clerkship performs the same [purpose] .

The principal function of the Tribunal is to determine applications in respect of solicitors relating to allegations of unbefitting conduct or breaches of the rules relating to professional practice , conduct and discipline .
the principal [purpose] of the tribunal is to determine applications in respect of solicitors relating to allegations of unbefitting conduct or breaches of the rules relating to professional practice , conduct and discipline .

Actually , however , the cameras at Wimbledon have ceased to function , and the television is showing a recording of last year 's match .
actually , however , the cameras at wimbledon have ceased to [purpose] , and the television is showing a recording of last year 's match .

We need to find something certain which can function as the unquestioned evidence by appeal to which the probabilities of other things are to be assessed .
we need to find something certain which can [purpose] as the unquestioned evidence by appeal to which the probabilities of other things are to be assessed .

We are looking for a compromise position between behaviourism , which identified mental states with some function of behaviour , and the approach common to the sceptical argument and the argument from analogy , which separates them too much .
we are looking for a compromise position between behaviourism , which identified mental states with some [purpose] of behaviour , and the approach common to the sceptical argument and the argument from analogy , which separates them too much .

One way of doing this is to look behind the literal , formal meaning of what is said or written , and to consider what the sender of a message intends to achieve with it , to try to understand its function .
one way of doing this is to look behind the literal , formal meaning of what is said or written , and to consider what the sender of a message intends to achieve with it , to try to understand its [purpose] .

Understanding this connection between the form and the function of language will help us to explain how stretches of language , like the request for help with the cat , can be coherent without being cohesive ; it will also help us as language teachers .
understanding this connection between the form and the [purpose] of language will help us to explain how stretches of language , like the request for help with the cat , can be coherent without being cohesive ; it will also help us as language teachers .

We can not assume that these interpretations will be made in the same way in all cultures and in all languages , so understanding how interpretation proceeds in the culture of the language we are teaching is crucial if we are to help foreign learners to make their words function in the way that they intend .
we can not assume that these interpretations will be made in the same way in all cultures and in all languages , so understanding how interpretation proceeds in the culture of the language we are teaching is crucial if we are to help foreign learners to make their words [purpose] in the way that they intend .

From now on , we shall use the term utterance for a unit of language used by somebody in context to do something — to communicate — and reserve sentence for grammatically complete units regarded purely formally , in isolation from their context and their function .
from now on , we shall use the term utterance for a unit of language used by somebody in context to do something — to communicate — and reserve sentence for grammatically complete units regarded purely formally , in isolation from their context and their [purpose] .

Specialists in linguistics sometimes claim that if non-specialists are asked what the function of language is , they will reply that it is ‘ to send
specialists in linguistics sometimes claim that if non-specialists are asked what the [purpose] of language is , they will reply that it is ‘ to send

One way of doing this is to look behind the literal , formal meaning of what is said or written , and to consider what the sender of a message intends to achieve with it , to try to understand its function .
one way of doing this is to look behind the literal , formal meaning of what is said or written , and to consider what the sender of a message intends to achieve with it , to try to understand its [purpose] .

Understanding this connection between the form and the function of language will help us to explain how stretches of language , like the request for help with the cat , can be coherent without being cohesive ; it will also help us as language teachers .
understanding this connection between the form and the [purpose] of language will help us to explain how stretches of language , like the request for help with the cat , can be coherent without being cohesive ; it will also help us as language teachers .

We can not assume that these interpretations will be made in the same way in all cultures and in all languages , so understanding how interpretation proceeds in the culture of the language we are teaching is crucial if we are to help foreign learners to make their words function in the way that they intend .
we can not assume that these interpretations will be made in the same way in all cultures and in all languages , so understanding how interpretation proceeds in the culture of the language we are teaching is crucial if we are to help foreign learners to make their words [purpose] in the way that they intend .

From now on , we shall use the term utterance for a unit of language used by somebody in context to do something — to communicate — and reserve sentence for grammatically complete units regarded purely formally , in isolation from their context and their function .
from now on , we shall use the term utterance for a unit of language used by somebody in context to do something — to communicate — and reserve sentence for grammatically complete units regarded purely formally , in isolation from their context and their [purpose] .

Specialists in linguistics sometimes claim that if non-specialists are asked what the function of language is , they will reply that it is ‘ to send information ’ or ‘ to tell other people your thoughts ’ .
specialists in linguistics sometimes claim that if non-specialists are asked what the [purpose] of language is , they will reply that it is ‘ to send information ’ or ‘ to tell other people your thoughts ’ .

Nevertheless it is true , in the adult and public world at least , that this function which language has of transmitting information , its referential function , is considered the most important .
nevertheless it is true , in the adult and public world at least , that this [purpose] which language has of transmitting information , its referential [purpose] , is considered the most important .

Yet it is by no means the only , or the first , function of language in human life .
yet it is by no means the only , or the first , [purpose] of language in human life .

In the world of the infant and parent , the referential function of language often takes a subordinate role to others .
in the world of the infant and parent , the referential [purpose] of language often takes a subordinate role to others .

What do you think the function of these words is and what are their English equivalents ?
what do you think the [purpose] of these words is and what are their english equivalents ?

The emotive function : communicating the inner states and emotions of the addresser ( ‘ Oh no ! ’ , ‘ Fantastic ! ’ , ‘ Ugh ! ’ , and swear words used as exclamations ) .
the emotive [purpose] : communicating the inner states and emotions of the addresser ( ‘ oh no ! ’ , ‘ fantastic ! ’ , ‘ ugh ! ’ , and swear words used as exclamations ) .

The phatic function : opening the channel or checking that it is working , either for social reasons ( ‘ Hello' , ‘ Lovely weather ’ , ‘ Do you come here often ? ’ ) , or for practical ones ( ‘ Can you hear me ? ’ , ‘ Are you still there ? ’ , ‘ Can you see the blackboard from the back of the room ? ’ , ‘ Can you read my writing ? ’ ) .
the phatic [purpose] : opening the channel or checking that it is working , either for social reasons ( ‘ hello' , ‘ lovely weather ’ , ‘ do you come here often ? ’ ) , or for practical ones ( ‘ can you hear me ? ’ , ‘ are you still there ? ’ , ‘ can you see the blackboard from the back of the room ? ’ , ‘ can you read my writing ? ’ ) .

The poetic function : in which the particular form chosen is the essence of the message .
the poetic [purpose] : in which the particular form chosen is the essence of the message .

The referential function : carrying information .
the referential [purpose] : carrying information .

The metalinguistic function : focusing attention upon the code itself , to clarify it or renegotiate it ( ‘ What does this word here mean ?
the metalinguistic [purpose] : focusing attention upon the code itself , to clarify it or renegotiate it ( ‘ what does this word here mean ?

This book has a largely metalinguistic function .
this book has a largely metalinguistic [purpose] .

The contextual function : creating a particular kind of communication ( ‘ Right , let's start the lecture' , ‘ It 's just a game ’ ) .
the contextual [purpose] : creating a particular kind of communication ( ‘ right , let's start the lecture' , ‘ it 's just a game ’ ) .

Is it possible to assign one function to each , or are some of mixed function ? How might the function of each utterance vary according to context ?
is it possible to assign one [purpose] to each , or are some of mixed [purpose] ? how might the [purpose] of each utterance vary according to context ?

When she realizes that by controlling these cries , and producing them at will rather than automatically , she can influence the behaviour of her parents , she has progressed to the directive function .
when she realizes that by controlling these cries , and producing them at will rather than automatically , she can influence the behaviour of her parents , she has progressed to the directive [purpose] .

Surprisingly , considering this course of development , a good deal of foreign language teaching begins with the metalinguistic function , by explicitly stating the rules of grammar .
surprisingly , considering this course of development , a good deal of foreign language teaching begins with the metalinguistic [purpose] , by explicitly stating the rules of grammar .

If we accept Jakobson 's and Hymes ' , or any similar , categorization of language into a small number of macro-functions , we might then go on to subdivide each function and specify more delicate categories , or microfunctions .
if we accept jakobson 's and hymes ' , or any similar , categorization of language into a small number of macro-functions , we might then go on to subdivide each [purpose] and specify more delicate categories , or microfunctions .

Figure 1 follows through only one function in each column , but one might easily imagine a similar division and re-division of any of the other six macro-functions , or of any of the resulting sub-categories .
figure 1 follows through only one [purpose] in each column , but one might easily imagine a similar division and re-division of any of the other six macro-functions , or of any of the resulting sub-categories .

The idea of language function can go a long way towards solving this problem of what binds utterances together as discourse in the absence of formal links .
the idea of language [purpose] can go a long way towards solving this problem of what binds utterances together as discourse in the absence of formal links .

If we can ascertain the function of utterances , we will be able to perceive a unity of a different kind .
if we can ascertain the [purpose] of utterances , we will be able to perceive a unity of a different kind .

Said by a husband to a wife in the middle of the night it might function as an expression of worry .
said by a husband to a wife in the middle of the night it might [purpose] as an expression of worry .

Said by a headteacher to a pupil it might well function as an order .
said by a headteacher to a pupil it might well [purpose] as an order .

Said by Sherlock Holmes to Dr Watson at the scene of a murder it might function as an interpretation .
said by sherlock holmes to dr watson at the scene of a murder it might [purpose] as an interpretation .

There are problems with this procedure , for not all functions can be so neatly labelled , nor is there always such a neat correspondence between a single utterance and a single function .
there are problems with this procedure , for not all functions can be so neatly labelled , nor is there always such a neat correspondence between a single utterance and a single [purpose] .

As we have seen in Task 14 , it is quite usual for an utterance to perform more than one function at once .
as we have seen in task 14 , it is quite usual for an utterance to perform more than one [purpose] at once .

The function of an utterance must be established pragmatically .
the [purpose] of an utterance must be established pragmatically .

We are left , however , with two unanswered questions about the divergence of function and form , of semantics and pragmatics : How ? and Why ? If the meaning of an utterance does not wholly reside in the semantic meaning , and if people can mean quite different things with the same words , how do human beings interpret — usually quite accurately — what is meant from what is said ? And why does this divergence of function and form exist at all ? Why do people not just speak directly and say what they mean ? For an answer we will need to look elsewhere : at the theories of conversational principles and speech acts , ideas which , as their names suggest , were developed with spoken language in mind , but are as applicable to written discourse as to spoken .
we are left , however , with two unanswered questions about the divergence of [purpose] and form , of semantics and pragmatics : how ? and why ? if the meaning of an utterance does not wholly reside in the semantic meaning , and if people can mean quite different things with the same words , how do human beings interpret — usually quite accurately — what is meant from what is said ? and why does this divergence of [purpose] and form exist at all ? why do people not just speak directly and say what they mean ? for an answer we will need to look elsewhere : at the theories of conversational principles and speech acts , ideas which , as their names suggest , were developed with spoken language in mind , but are as applicable to written discourse as to spoken .

Look again at the exchanges in Task 12 , and at the contexts you invented for them . How might the second speaker reason from the literal semantic meaning of ‘ The window is open ’ to its particular pragmatic function in context ?
look again at the exchanges in task 12 , and at the contexts you invented for them . how might the second speaker reason from the literal semantic meaning of ‘ the window is open ’ to its particular pragmatic [purpose] in context ?

Inferring the function of what is said by considering its form and context is an ability which is essential for the creation and reception of coherent discourse and thus for successful communication .
inferring the [purpose] of what is said by considering its form and context is an ability which is essential for the creation and reception of coherent discourse and thus for successful communication .

They are utterances in which saying the words and doing the action are the same thing : the function is created by the form .
they are utterances in which saying the words and doing the action are the same thing : the [purpose] is created by the form .

What are the felicity conditions for the following utterances to function ?
what are the felicity conditions for the following utterances to [purpose] ?

If any one of these conditions is not fulfilled , the utterance will not function as an order .
if any one of these conditions is not fulfilled , the utterance will not [purpose] as an order .

Speech act theory , which relates the function of utterances to sets of felicity conditions and the knowledge of participants that these conditions exist , may help us to understand the unity of exchanges in communication .
speech act theory , which relates the [purpose] of utterances to sets of felicity conditions and the knowledge of participants that these conditions exist , may help us to understand the unity of exchanges in communication .

Speech act theory provides us with a means of probing beneath the surface of discourse and establishing the function of what is being said .
speech act theory provides us with a means of probing beneath the surface of discourse and establishing the [purpose] of what is being said .

The family to which the act of ordering belongs is called directives , because they have a directive function .
the family to which the act of ordering belongs is called directives , because they have a directive [purpose] .

Firstly , the divergence of function and form means that we can not rely upon teaching only form .
firstly , the divergence of [purpose] and form means that we can not rely upon teaching only form .

In production , learners need to choose the words which most suitably realize their intention , and this does not always entail the most closely related form ; in reception of language , given the human penchant for indirection , they also need to be able to move from the form to the function .
in production , learners need to choose the words which most suitably realize their intention , and this does not always entail the most closely related form ; in reception of language , given the human penchant for indirection , they also need to be able to move from the form to the [purpose] .

There are times when making language function effectively is more important than producing perfectly pronounced , grammatically correct sentences .
there are times when making language [purpose] effectively is more important than producing perfectly pronounced , grammatically correct sentences .

Secondly , the linking of form to function may help learners to orientate themselves within a discourse .
secondly , the linking of form to [purpose] may help learners to orientate themselves within a discourse .

Traditionally , language teaching has concentrated only on the three levels of the formal language system — pronunciation , grammar , and vocabulary — and the way in which they function within the sentence , on the assumption that other aspects of communication will follow fairly automatically .
traditionally , language teaching has concentrated only on the three levels of the formal language system — pronunciation , grammar , and vocabulary — and the way in which they [purpose] within the sentence , on the assumption that other aspects of communication will follow fairly automatically .

In 2 we have looked at how the formal system operates between as well as within sentences ; in 3 we have seen how knowledge of the world ( about cats and gates , for example ) or of the culture ( about social roles and relationships ) enables people to make their language function as they intend and to understand how others do the same to them .
in 2 we have looked at how the formal system operates between as well as within sentences ; in 3 we have seen how knowledge of the world ( about cats and gates , for example ) or of the culture ( about social roles and relationships ) enables people to make their language [purpose] as they intend and to understand how others do the same to them .

To connect their knowledge with the language system people use reasoning , and pragmatic theories go some way towards explaining how people reason their way from the form to the function and thus construct coherent discourse from the language they receive .
to connect their knowledge with the language system people use reasoning , and pragmatic theories go some way towards explaining how people reason their way from the form to the [purpose] and thus construct coherent discourse from the language they receive .

Piecemeal , we are beginning to build up a number of different techniques of analysis which will provide an answer to our initial problem : what is it that gives stretches of language in use their meaning and their unity ? We have looked at the devices which create formal links between sentences ; at pragmatic interpretations which link literal meaning to function and social meaning ; at the existence of hierarchical structures in particular discourse types ; and finally at the conversational mechanisms which enable people to construct informal discourse together and make sense of what is happening as they do so .
piecemeal , we are beginning to build up a number of different techniques of analysis which will provide an answer to our initial problem : what is it that gives stretches of language in use their meaning and their unity ? we have looked at the devices which create formal links between sentences ; at pragmatic interpretations which link literal meaning to [purpose] and social meaning ; at the existence of hierarchical structures in particular discourse types ; and finally at the conversational mechanisms which enable people to construct informal discourse together and make sense of what is happening as they do so .

It should be apparent from the fact that we can tell these two texts apart — tell which one is discourse , and which a constructed text — that our choices among the options for arranging the information are neither arbitrary , nor just aesthetic devices to ensure variety , but have some communicative function , making discourse more readily comprehensible .
it should be apparent from the fact that we can tell these two texts apart — tell which one is discourse , and which a constructed text — that our choices among the options for arranging the information are neither arbitrary , nor just aesthetic devices to ensure variety , but have some communicative [purpose] , making discourse more readily comprehensible .

There are various technical terms for these two parts , and also differences of opinion as to where a particular clause divides , but still , this much seems agreed : the clause has a bi-partite structure , and the function of the choice as to what information we put in which part is to enable us to bring different bits of information into differing degrees of prominence .
there are various technical terms for these two parts , and also differences of opinion as to where a particular clause divides , but still , this much seems agreed : the clause has a bi-partite structure , and the [purpose] of the choice as to what information we put in which part is to enable us to bring different bits of information into differing degrees of prominence .

Speech act theory , by attempting to single out the pieces of shared knowledge which enable us to interpret the function of what is said , also assumes that we can distinguish which factors in the situation are relevant , but again it does nothing to explain how we distinguish the relevant from the irrelevant .
speech act theory , by attempting to single out the pieces of shared knowledge which enable us to interpret the [purpose] of what is said , also assumes that we can distinguish which factors in the situation are relevant , but again it does nothing to explain how we distinguish the relevant from the irrelevant .

With that behind us we moved on to the interaction of language and context which defines language function ; to the possibility of establishing overall structures of discourse related to particular discourse types ; and to conversational mechanisms ( although they might also be regarded , like cohesion , as formal devices linking smaller units ) .
with that behind us we moved on to the interaction of language and context which defines language [purpose] ; to the possibility of establishing overall structures of discourse related to particular discourse types ; and to conversational mechanisms ( although they might also be regarded , like cohesion , as formal devices linking smaller units ) .

In 8 we shall discuss the social relationships and shared knowledge of senders and receivers ; in 9 the role of discourse type , internal structure , and function ; in 10 conversational management , and in 11 cohesion .
in 8 we shall discuss the social relationships and shared knowledge of senders and receivers ; in 9 the role of discourse type , internal structure , and [purpose] ; in 10 conversational management , and in 11 cohesion .

There is thus an interaction between the degree and the kind of information we need , and the discourse type and function .
there is thus an interaction between the degree and the kind of information we need , and the discourse type and [purpose] .

What pedagogic function does it have ?
what pedagogic [purpose] does it have ?

Continuing our top-down approach , we shall consider here the next three levels in Figure 8 : discourse type and the closely related levels of discourse structure and function .
continuing our top-down approach , we shall consider here the next three levels in figure 8 : discourse type and the closely related levels of discourse structure and [purpose] .

Many textbooks , especially those published during the 1970s , divide material according to function . One such textbook has ( among others ) the following chapter headings :
many textbooks , especially those published during the 1970s , divide material according to [purpose] . one such textbook has ( among others ) the following chapter headings :

What is the nature of the relationship between function and discourse type ?
what is the nature of the relationship between [purpose] and discourse type ?

Though the function of a menu is usually to inform , it may also — left on a mantelpiece — serve to impress , to decorate , or to amuse .
though the [purpose] of a menu is usually to inform , it may also — left on a mantelpiece — serve to impress , to decorate , or to amuse .

To say an advertisement has an advertising function begs many questions .
to say an advertisement has an advertising [purpose] begs many questions .

Functional courses which classify discourse by function alone often overlook this complex interaction .
functional courses which classify discourse by [purpose] alone often overlook this complex interaction .

The point is that perception of discourse type is a factor in discourse processing and production which brings together our perception of sender/receiver , topic , function — and other factors besides .
the point is that perception of discourse type is a factor in discourse processing and production which brings together our perception of sender/receiver , topic , [purpose] — and other factors besides .

One of the techniques he uses here is to diagram the organization of the discourse in terms of topic and function , as shown in the extract below .
one of the techniques he uses here is to diagram the organization of the discourse in terms of topic and [purpose] , as shown in the extract below .

Within the part , a functional analysis may take us further than at higher levels , for smaller units of discourse are more likely to be uni-functional , and transitions from one function to another may correspond to both overtly marked sections of the discourse like section , chapter , and paragraph , and also ( indeed particularly ) to sentences .
within the part , a functional analysis may take us further than at higher levels , for smaller units of discourse are more likely to be uni-functional , and transitions from one [purpose] to another may correspond to both overtly marked sections of the discourse like section , chapter , and paragraph , and also ( indeed particularly ) to sentences .

It would be unlikely that , on any occasion , a natural language utterance would be used to fulfil only one function , to the total exclusion of the other .
it would be unlikely that , on any occasion , a natural language utterance would be used to fulfil only one [purpose] , to the total exclusion of the other .

That function which language serves in the expression of ‘ content ’ we will describe as transactional , and that function involved in expressing social relations and personal attitudes we will describe as interactional .
that [purpose] which language serves in the expression of ‘ content ’ we will describe as transactional , and that [purpose] involved in expressing social relations and personal attitudes we will describe as interactional .

While they frequently acknowledge that language may be used to perform many communicative functions , they nonetheless make the general assumption that the most important function is the communication of information .
while they frequently acknowledge that language may be used to perform many communicative functions , they nonetheless make the general assumption that the most important [purpose] is the communication of information .

Goody suggests that written language has two main functions : the first is the storage function which permits communication over time and space , and the second is that which ‘ shifts language from the oral to the visual domain' and permits words and sentences to be examined out of their original contexts , ‘ where they appear in a very different and highly ‘ abstract ’ context' ( 1977 : 78 ) .
goody suggests that written language has two main functions : the first is the storage [purpose] which permits communication over time and space , and the second is that which ‘ shifts language from the oral to the visual domain' and permits words and sentences to be examined out of their original contexts , ‘ where they appear in a very different and highly ‘ abstract ’ context' ( 1977 : 78 ) .

This is clearly an approach which takes the communicative function of language as its primary area of investigation and consequently seeks to describe linguistic form , not as a static object , but as a dynamic means of expressing intended meaning .
this is clearly an approach which takes the communicative [purpose] of language as its primary area of investigation and consequently seeks to describe linguistic form , not as a static object , but as a dynamic means of expressing intended meaning .

The discourse analyst , then , is interested in the function or purpose of a piece of linguistic data and also in how that data is processed , both by the producer and by the receiver .
the discourse analyst , then , is interested in the [purpose] or purpose of a piece of linguistic data and also in how that data is processed , both by the producer and by the receiver .

The next question is — do all these adverbial expressions function in the same way ?
the next question is — do all these adverbial expressions [purpose] in the same way ?

Securing the lodge is not the only function of the lake .
securing the lodge is not the only [purpose] of the lake .

Also from stock came many of the set dressings , including one latticed wall divider used in virtually every episode for a different function .
also from stock came many of the set dressings , including one latticed wall divider used in virtually every episode for a different [purpose] .

The creative department is usually run by a creative director who is , ideally , a working director , performing primarily either a copy or an art function within a team , as well as setting standards and providing guidance and inspiration to the rest of the department .
the creative department is usually run by a creative director who is , ideally , a working director , performing primarily either a copy or an art [purpose] within a team , as well as setting standards and providing guidance and inspiration to the rest of the department .

The majority of the larger agencies have a function called ‘ account planning ’ , and here the planner is an essential part of the functional team .
the majority of the larger agencies have a [purpose] called ‘ account planning ’ , and here the planner is an essential part of the functional team .

In other agencies , this role is filled by the account executive , but then there may well be a research specialist who fulfils a service function , advising on market research and its interpretation , and perhaps doing some small-scale research personally .
in other agencies , this role is filled by the account executive , but then there may well be a research specialist who fulfils a service [purpose] , advising on market research and its interpretation , and perhaps doing some small-scale research personally .

( The planner is included with dotted lines only , because his or her function is often performed by the account executive . )
( the planner is included with dotted lines only , because his or her [purpose] is often performed by the account executive . )

Large agencies , however , usually have a specialist function , that of the account planner , to perform the major part of this task .
large agencies , however , usually have a specialist [purpose] , that of the account planner , to perform the major part of this task .

The number of people is , to an extent , a function of union rules , but some of them have real jobs to do .
the number of people is , to an extent , a [purpose] of union rules , but some of them have real jobs to do .

Details should include company name , address , telephone and fax numbers , current bookshop users of the system , brief , non-technical description of the system 's facilities , function and scope , the type and size of users it is suitable for , an indication of cost , and a contact name .
details should include company name , address , telephone and fax numbers , current bookshop users of the system , brief , non-technical description of the system 's facilities , [purpose] and scope , the type and size of users it is suitable for , an indication of cost , and a contact name .

The company , until such time as the carpenters had finished building the set on stage at the theatre , had the use of a private function room on the top floor of the hotel .
the company , until such time as the carpenters had finished building the set on stage at the theatre , had the use of a private [purpose] room on the top floor of the hotel .

Ever since the departure of Nik Powell , it had fallen to Simon Draper and Ken Berry to perform the function of attempting , where necessary , to temper Richard Branson 's more fanciful , grandiose and outlandish schemes .
ever since the departure of nik powell , it had fallen to simon draper and ken berry to perform the [purpose] of attempting , where necessary , to temper richard branson 's more fanciful , grandiose and outlandish schemes .

’ is actually a function symbol .
’ is actually a [purpose] symbol .

Note : Saying that an operator is reversible is not the same as saying that it is an invertible function on the set of states .
note : saying that an operator is reversible is not the same as saying that it is an invertible [purpose] on the set of states .

The values of a heuristic function need not be numbers .
the values of a heuristic [purpose] need not be numbers .

Here is another even better function for the eight queens problem whose values are lists of numbers .
here is another even better [purpose] for the eight queens problem whose values are lists of numbers .

The worth function f may change abruptly .
the worth [purpose] f may change abruptly .

The usual strategy in real irreversible searches is the following : Choose some function f of the operators of the search task .
the usual strategy in real irreversible searches is the following : choose some [purpose] f of the operators of the search task .

This function d is just the usual distance between any two places .
this [purpose] d is just the usual distance between any two places .

( You should check that this function Md really is a metric . )
( you should check that this [purpose] md really is a metric . )

Again , you should check that this function Hd satisfies the five conditions of a metric .
again , you should check that this [purpose] hd satisfies the five conditions of a metric .

All the essential work is done by a function called hbba whose value is the goal , if the algorithm finds one , or else false .
all the essential work is done by a [purpose] called hbba whose value is the goal , if the algorithm finds one , or else false .

This is always between 0 and 1 , and never quite either . The function f has the pleasant property that f(-D) = 1 — f(D)
this is always between 0 and 1 , and never quite either . the [purpose] f has the pleasant property that f(-d) = 1 — f(d)

One can invent other varieties , with different forms of output . The essential feature is that the output function f(D) should be
one can invent other varieties , with different forms of output . the essential feature is that the output [purpose] f(d) should be

The virtue of the step function perceptrons we discussed first is that they are very simple , so it is possible to derive theoretical results for them , such as the training theorem .
the virtue of the step [purpose] perceptrons we discussed first is that they are very simple , so it is possible to derive theoretical results for them , such as the training theorem .

If the top layer contains several nodes , then the device computes a more elaborate function of its input .
if the top layer contains several nodes , then the device computes a more elaborate [purpose] of its input .

There have been studies of perceptrons with other styles of output function .
there have been studies of perceptrons with other styles of output [purpose] .

( This distance function is a pseudo-metric rather than a metric , because there are different species with identical values for these four properties .
( this distance [purpose] is a pseudo-metric rather than a metric , because there are different species with identical values for these four properties .

Clustering is easier when every function and predicate which we might consider applies to every conceivable training instance .
clustering is easier when every [purpose] and predicate which we might consider applies to every conceivable training instance .

’ genus ’ is a function on animal species , whose values include mammal bird insect arachnid fish
’ genus ’ is a [purpose] on animal species , whose values include mammal bird insect arachnid fish

The complication in this example is that the concept birds appears to be simple , because it is the subclass of animals on which the function ’ genus ’ has the value bird ; but at the same time , the concept of birds is ontological because the function length-of-feathers is defined only on it .
the complication in this example is that the concept birds appears to be simple , because it is the subclass of animals on which the [purpose] ’ genus ’ has the value bird ; but at the same time , the concept of birds is ontological because the [purpose] length-of-feathers is defined only on it .

Neither the court nor the guardian ad litem has any function in the assessment of the rehabilitation programme .
neither the court nor the guardian ad litem has any [purpose] in the assessment of the rehabilitation programme .

The comparative weight of the evidence is , however , peculiarly the function of the trial judge who has heard the witnesses .
the comparative weight of the evidence is , however , peculiarly the [purpose] of the trial judge who has heard the witnesses .

‘ The cases in which the principle has been applied are cases in which the nature , scope and purpose of the function vested in the repository made it unlikely that Parliament intended that it was to be exercised by the repository personally because administrative necessity indicated that it was impractical for him to act otherwise than through his officers or officers responsible to him .
‘ the cases in which the principle has been applied are cases in which the nature , scope and purpose of the [purpose] vested in the repository made it unlikely that parliament intended that it was to be exercised by the repository personally because administrative necessity indicated that it was impractical for him to act otherwise than through his officers or officers responsible to him .

Yet , despite this conflict of interest , estate agents must be free to act for several competing principals otherwise they will be unable to perform their function .
yet , despite this conflict of interest , estate agents must be free to act for several competing principals otherwise they will be unable to perform their [purpose] .

He submitted that in determining whether judicial review will lie the courts today will examine the function which is being performed by the body which is to be reviewed rather than its identity or the source of its powers .
he submitted that in determining whether judicial review will lie the courts today will examine the [purpose] which is being performed by the body which is to be reviewed rather than its identity or the source of its powers .

However , now that it is necessary to identify the functions the judges are performing when they sit as visitors in cases which are concerned with the question whether people are fit and proper persons to become or remain barristers , we must for the first time examine their function in that context alone .
however , now that it is necessary to identify the functions the judges are performing when they sit as visitors in cases which are concerned with the question whether people are fit and proper persons to become or remain barristers , we must for the first time examine their [purpose] in that context alone .

We are very willing to accept that those parts of the judges ' visitorial jurisdiction which were not incident to the administration of justice in the courts passed down through the routes suggested by Sir William and Professor Baker , but in the context of the present case , where the court has for the first time to inquire into the particular function which is being performed , we are not satisfied that the whole of the visitorial jurisdiction passed by this route .
we are very willing to accept that those parts of the judges ' visitorial jurisdiction which were not incident to the administration of justice in the courts passed down through the routes suggested by sir william and professor baker , but in the context of the present case , where the court has for the first time to inquire into the particular [purpose] which is being performed , we are not satisfied that the whole of the visitorial jurisdiction passed by this route .

The function of clause 12 was , we think , twofold ; first , it imposed a personal payment obligation on the various companies and , second , it dealt with the manner in which the costs , charges and expenses referred to in clause 9 were to be quantified .
the [purpose] of clause 12 was , we think , twofold ; first , it imposed a personal payment obligation on the various companies and , second , it dealt with the manner in which the costs , charges and expenses referred to in clause 9 were to be quantified .

Mr. Philipson , relying on the final paragraph of the notice itself quoted above , and upon a minute textual analysis of Mr. Barnes ' affidavit , submitted that it was plain that the real purpose of the Bank of England was to obtain the documents for the Federal Reserve Board , and not for the purpose of exercising its own supervisory function .
mr. philipson , relying on the final paragraph of the notice itself quoted above , and upon a minute textual analysis of mr. barnes ' affidavit , submitted that it was plain that the real purpose of the bank of england was to obtain the documents for the federal reserve board , and not for the purpose of exercising its own supervisory [purpose] .

Mr. Barnes ' affidavit showed no more than that the Bank might exercise their own supervisory function once they had the result of the Federal Reserve Board inquiry in their hands , so that supervision was no more than a secondary purpose which did not qualify .
mr. barnes ' affidavit showed no more than that the bank might exercise their own supervisory [purpose] once they had the result of the federal reserve board inquiry in their hands , so that supervision was no more than a secondary purpose which did not qualify .

The Attorney-General referred to the Court of Appeal under section 36 of the Criminal Justice Act 1972 the question whether , in order for a person to commit an offence under section 1 ( 1 ) of the Act of 1990 the computer which the person caused to perform any function with the required intent had to be a different computer from the one into which he intended to secure unauthorised access to any program or data held therein .
the attorney-general referred to the court of appeal under section 36 of the criminal justice act 1972 the question whether , in order for a person to commit an offence under section 1 ( 1 ) of the act of 1990 the computer which the person caused to perform any [purpose] with the required intent had to be a different computer from the one into which he intended to secure unauthorised access to any program or data held therein .

‘ The point of law referred for consideration by the court is : in order for a person to commit an offence under section 1(1) of the Computer Misuse Act 1990 does the computer which the person causes to perform any function with the required intent have to be a different computer to the one into which he intends to secure unauthorised access to any program or data held there ?
‘ the point of law referred for consideration by the court is : in order for a person to commit an offence under section 1(1) of the computer misuse act 1990 does the computer which the person causes to perform any [purpose] with the required intent have to be a different computer to the one into which he intends to secure unauthorised access to any program or data held there ?

‘ In order for a person to commit an offence under section 1(1) of the Computer Misuse Act 1990 does the computer which the person causes to perform any function with the required intent have to be a different computer from the one into which he intends to secure unauthorised access to any program or data held therein ?
‘ in order for a person to commit an offence under section 1(1) of the computer misuse act 1990 does the computer which the person causes to perform any [purpose] with the required intent have to be a different computer from the one into which he intends to secure unauthorised access to any program or data held therein ?

They are , ‘ he causes a computer to perform any function with intent to secure access to any program or data held in any computer .
they are , ‘ he causes a computer to perform any [purpose] with intent to secure access to any program or data held in any computer .

Mr. Lassman argued successfully before the judge , and sought to argue before this court , that that final phrase , ‘ held in any computer , ’ should really be read as ‘ held in any other computer , ’ or alternatively should be read as ‘ held in any computer except the computer which has performed the function . ’
mr. lassman argued successfully before the judge , and sought to argue before this court , that that final phrase , ‘ held in any computer , ’ should really be read as ‘ held in any other computer , ’ or alternatively should be read as ‘ held in any computer except the computer which has performed the [purpose] . ’

In none of those cases could it be said that , if one entered the premises and caused a computer to exercise a function so as to reveal information , there had been access via one computer into another .
in none of those cases could it be said that , if one entered the premises and caused a computer to exercise a [purpose] so as to reveal information , there had been access via one computer into another .

Indeed , it is a power of that nature which the revenue claim to have exercised in the present case , in the course of their general function of managing and administering the tax system .
indeed , it is a power of that nature which the revenue claim to have exercised in the present case , in the course of their general [purpose] of managing and administering the tax system .

‘ the function of the judge at a criminal trial as respects the admission of evidence is to ensure that the accused has a fair trial according to law .
‘ the [purpose] of the judge at a criminal trial as respects the admission of evidence is to ensure that the accused has a fair trial according to law .

It is no part of a judge 's function to exercise disciplinary powers over the police or prosecution as respects the way in which evidence to be used at the trial is obtained by them .
it is no part of a judge 's [purpose] to exercise disciplinary powers over the police or prosecution as respects the way in which evidence to be used at the trial is obtained by them .

Held , allowing the appeal , ( 1 ) that there was no rule that the Crown was exempt from giving a cross-undertaking in damages in law enforcement proceedings , but that the court had a discretion not to require the undertaking and that the discretion extended to other public authorities exercising the function of law enforcement in appropriate circumstances ; and that subject to the impact of Community law the courts should have exercised that discretion ( post , pp .
held , allowing the appeal , ( 1 ) that there was no rule that the crown was exempt from giving a cross-undertaking in damages in law enforcement proceedings , but that the court had a discretion not to require the undertaking and that the discretion extended to other public authorities exercising the [purpose] of law enforcement in appropriate circumstances ; and that subject to the impact of community law the courts should have exercised that discretion ( post , pp .

It was not concerned with the position of local authorities which have the function of enforcing the law in their districts in the public interest .
it was not concerned with the position of local authorities which have the [purpose] of enforcing the law in their districts in the public interest .

Plainly , the function of law enforcement under the Shops Act 1950 is entrusted to the local authority of each district .
plainly , the [purpose] of law enforcement under the shops act 1950 is entrusted to the local authority of each district .

On the other hand it was the submission of Mr. Collins for Wickes that the function of the undertaking in damages required of the council by the Court of Appeal was to protect the right of Wickes which flowed from the direct effect of article 30 , in the event of the European Court of Justice holding , on the reference to it of the Stoke-on-Trent case [ 1991 ] Ch .
on the other hand it was the submission of mr. collins for wickes that the [purpose] of the undertaking in damages required of the council by the court of appeal was to protect the right of wickes which flowed from the direct effect of article 30 , in the event of the european court of justice holding , on the reference to it of the stoke-on-trent case [ 1991 ] ch .

The main function of the creditors ' committee is to determine the remuneration of the trustee ( r 6.138 ( 3 ) ) .
the main [purpose] of the creditors ' committee is to determine the remuneration of the trustee ( r 6.138 ( 3 ) ) .

The instruments appear easy to use , working on the one-function-per-button principle , with each function clearly marked on the display .
the instruments appear easy to use , working on the one-function-per-button principle , with each [purpose] clearly marked on the display .

And they always travelled separately , even when they were going to the same function .
and they always travelled separately , even when they were going to the same [purpose] .

The use of econometrics as a regular part of the marketing function is growing fast and in exactly the way described above , that is , using it to measure the return on investment .
the use of econometrics as a regular part of the marketing [purpose] is growing fast and in exactly the way described above , that is , using it to measure the return on investment .

Disease causes disturbance In function .
disease causes disturbance in [purpose] .

Addictive disease causes the sufferer to return at some time to the substance , process or relation-ship of addiction despite various disturbances of function and despite previous negative consequences .
addictive disease causes the sufferer to return at some time to the substance , process or relation-ship of addiction despite various disturbances of [purpose] and despite previous negative consequences .

At the time of severe intoxication the memory function of brain ceases to work and later there is a hole or blank in the memory , ( Perhaps `` blankout `` is a better term in order to avoid confusion with other forms of loss of consciousness such as faints or epileptic fits ) .
at the time of severe intoxication the memory [purpose] of brain ceases to work and later there is a hole or blank in the memory , ( perhaps `` blankout `` is a better term in order to avoid confusion with other forms of loss of consciousness such as faints or epileptic fits ) .

If a man has lost his employment and his wife , he has been charged with drunk driving and his blood tests show damaged liver function , one hardly needs to ask questions on his alcohol consumption and the answers are unlikely to be fully truthful in any case .
if a man has lost his employment and his wife , he has been charged with drunk driving and his blood tests show damaged liver [purpose] , one hardly needs to ask questions on his alcohol consumption and the answers are unlikely to be fully truthful in any case .

Intellectual function is damaged so that thought processes and the capacity to instill any form of order into personal and professional life progressively deteriorates .
intellectual [purpose] is damaged so that thought processes and the capacity to instill any form of order into personal and professional life progressively deteriorates .

There are perhaps two things upon which each of us is the indisputable world expert , firstly the function of our own bowels and hence those of everyone else and secondly the causes of and treatment for addiction .
there are perhaps two things upon which each of us is the indisputable world expert , firstly the [purpose] of our own bowels and hence those of everyone else and secondly the causes of and treatment for addiction .

These families are referred to as `` dysfunctional `` which means that they do not function in the `` normal `` manner of other families .
these families are referred to as `` dysfunctional `` which means that they do not [purpose] in the `` normal `` manner of other families .

Ultimately , only the strength of the denial system enables the sufferer to function at all .
ultimately , only the strength of the denial system enables the sufferer to [purpose] at all .

Regular commitment in practical ways to the continuing function of the Anonymous Fellowship .
regular commitment in practical ways to the continuing [purpose] of the anonymous fellowship .

It is the function of sponsors or professional counsellors to reveal and demonstrate these blocks and help to guide the newly recovering member to deal with them appropriately .
it is the [purpose] of sponsors or professional counsellors to reveal and demonstrate these blocks and help to guide the newly recovering member to deal with them appropriately .

In addition to the function of administering liquor licensing , as provided for by the subsection , the boards also have functions in relation to the granting of permits and licences under the Betting , Gaming and Lotteries Act 1963 and the Gaming Act 1968 ( see s.133 and Schedule 7 , para .
in addition to the [purpose] of administering liquor licensing , as provided for by the subsection , the boards also have functions in relation to the granting of permits and licences under the betting , gaming and lotteries act 1963 and the gaming act 1968 ( see s.133 and schedule 7 , para .

Since the function of such a court is solely judicial and in no way administrative , the rule which precludes interest or bias on the part of the judge may be expected to be enforced more , rather than less , strictly than in the case of a licensing board , which is primarily an administrative body .
since the [purpose] of such a court is solely judicial and in no way administrative , the rule which precludes interest or bias on the part of the judge may be expected to be enforced more , rather than less , strictly than in the case of a licensing board , which is primarily an administrative body .

Genesis 1:2 , 5 , ‘ the Spirit of God was moving over the face of the waters ’ may indicate a creative function for the Spirit , but may equally describe the chaos referred to in the earlier part of that verse , ‘ the earth was without form and void , and darkness was upon the face of the water ’ : and ‘ a ruach adonai , a mighty hurricane from God , was moving over the expanse of the unruly waters ’ may be a better translation .
genesis 1:2 , 5 , ‘ the spirit of god was moving over the face of the waters ’ may indicate a creative [purpose] for the spirit , but may equally describe the chaos referred to in the earlier part of that verse , ‘ the earth was without form and void , and darkness was upon the face of the water ’ : and ‘ a ruach adonai , a mighty hurricane from god , was moving over the expanse of the unruly waters ’ may be a better translation .

For Jesus had still much to teach the disciples which they could not understand before his passion ; so he assured them that the Spirit would continue his teaching function among them when he had left them ( 16 : 131 .
for jesus had still much to teach the disciples which they could not understand before his passion ; so he assured them that the spirit would continue his teaching [purpose] among them when he had left them ( 16 : 131 .

And if the Spirit was truly to represent Jesus , he had to remain bound to the person and character of Jesus.Jesus was God 's Last Word to man ; and the function of the Spirit was not to give some new revelation of his own , but to bear witness to Jesus , to draw out the implications of God 's Last Word .
and if the spirit was truly to represent jesus , he had to remain bound to the person and character of jesus.jesus was god 's last word to man ; and the [purpose] of the spirit was not to give some new revelation of his own , but to bear witness to jesus , to draw out the implications of god 's last word .

What is the function of the Holy Spirit within the Christian Church ?
what is the [purpose] of the holy spirit within the christian church ?

Objects are defined by their function , while actions and those who perform them are viewed as connected parts of a greater whole .
objects are defined by their [purpose] , while actions and those who perform them are viewed as connected parts of a greater whole .

Newell and Simon wanted to know how our brains and minds function ; they wanted to discover the quintessence of intelligence .
newell and simon wanted to know how our brains and minds [purpose] ; they wanted to discover the quintessence of intelligence .

The House of Commons had a number of functions , but the elective function of choosing the Cabinet was the `` most important `` .
the house of commons had a number of functions , but the elective [purpose] of choosing the cabinet was the `` most important `` .

Now , the economic costs attributable to the adversary system are not just seen as a function of the frequent reversals of ideologically motivated policies .
now , the economic costs attributable to the adversary system are not just seen as a [purpose] of the frequent reversals of ideologically motivated policies .

They note that in the early days of capitalism , the role of the state was limited to the enforcement of a legal structure necessary for the market to function .
they note that in the early days of capitalism , the role of the state was limited to the enforcement of a legal structure necessary for the market to [purpose] .

The function of a written constitution would be to set down the laws and conventions relating to the main institutions of the state , the relations among them , and between them and private citizens .
the [purpose] of a written constitution would be to set down the laws and conventions relating to the main institutions of the state , the relations among them , and between them and private citizens .

In order to enable that chamber to adequately fulfil its main function of scrutinising legislation , over-seeing the executive , and representing the electorate in the national forum of debate , a number of changes in the procedure of the House of Commons are part of the Labour Party package for constitutional reconstruction .
in order to enable that chamber to adequately fulfil its main [purpose] of scrutinising legislation , over-seeing the executive , and representing the electorate in the national forum of debate , a number of changes in the procedure of the house of commons are part of the labour party package for constitutional reconstruction .

a ) objective and approach : The objective of the research will follow from the particular requirement for information identified by the marketing function .
a ) objective and approach : the objective of the research will follow from the particular requirement for information identified by the marketing [purpose] .

1 . What is market research , and why does it play an important role in the marketing function ?
1 . what is market research , and why does it play an important role in the marketing [purpose] ?

Purchases by customers are assumed to be a function of advertising and promotional expenditure , salesforce effort and commission , and retailer sales effort .
purchases by customers are assumed to be a [purpose] of advertising and promotional expenditure , salesforce effort and commission , and retailer sales effort .

g ) access to forecasting skills and methods : the quality and accuracy of the forecasting process will in part be a function of skills and methods available .
g ) access to forecasting skills and methods : the quality and accuracy of the forecasting process will in part be a [purpose] of skills and methods available .

For instance , the value of the total toy market is a function of the number of children of the relevant ages , the access of these children ( as permitted by their parents ) to retail outlets , and industry or market research figures for per capita expenditure per child on toys , suitably adjusted for inflation , increased in personal disposable income ( etc ) .
for instance , the value of the total toy market is a [purpose] of the number of children of the relevant ages , the access of these children ( as permitted by their parents ) to retail outlets , and industry or market research figures for per capita expenditure per child on toys , suitably adjusted for inflation , increased in personal disposable income ( etc ) .

Once a forecast for the likely total available market has been prepared , company sales for the forecast period may then be calculated from either : * the expected market share , which should result from the various selling and marketing activities to be implemented during the period ; or * the target market share , which will be used to determine the level of activity of the sales and marketing function , and take into account the impact of competitors in the marketplace .
once a forecast for the likely total available market has been prepared , company sales for the forecast period may then be calculated from either : * the expected market share , which should result from the various selling and marketing activities to be implemented during the period ; or * the target market share , which will be used to determine the level of activity of the sales and marketing [purpose] , and take into account the impact of competitors in the marketplace .

Put simply , purchase behaviour will be a function of the different variables already analysed in this and the previous chapter , but will vary in emphasis and priority according to the stage reached by individual and family .
put simply , purchase behaviour will be a [purpose] of the different variables already analysed in this and the previous chapter , but will vary in emphasis and priority according to the stage reached by individual and family .

It could very easily be that the accidents of product development and distribution have led to an almost exclusive focus on skin care as the function of cotton wool .
it could very easily be that the accidents of product development and distribution have led to an almost exclusive focus on skin care as the [purpose] of cotton wool .

This concentration is made more of a problem for suppliers where large scale organisations centralise their buying function .
this concentration is made more of a problem for suppliers where large scale organisations centralise their buying [purpose] .

Whatever the reason for the review , the purchasing function will be required to examine alternative sources of supply , or alternative products capable of meeting an existing or predictable need .
whatever the reason for the review , the purchasing [purpose] will be required to examine alternative sources of supply , or alternative products capable of meeting an existing or predictable need .

But in industrial goods markets the role of the buying function may vary from significant to relatively insignificant .
but in industrial goods markets the role of the buying [purpose] may vary from significant to relatively insignificant .

Given the likely involvement of a variety of people as a Decision Making Unit in purchase decisions , and the likelihood of particular contingencies affecting its Outcome , it will be important for the marketing function in supplier companies to : * understand how buying decisions are made ; * understand how the Decision Making Unit is constituted ; find out who are the most influential figures in the decision-making process .
given the likely involvement of a variety of people as a decision making unit in purchase decisions , and the likelihood of particular contingencies affecting its outcome , it will be important for the marketing [purpose] in supplier companies to : * understand how buying decisions are made ; * understand how the decision making unit is constituted ; find out who are the most influential figures in the decision-making process .

The problem for the marketing function of a potential supplier will eventually resolve itself into the specific issue of how to promote and sell the product to the Decision Making Unit .
the problem for the marketing [purpose] of a potential supplier will eventually resolve itself into the specific issue of how to promote and sell the product to the decision making unit .

Certainly , one of the organisational reasons for centralising the buying function in a company is that it gives senior buyers more clout .
certainly , one of the organisational reasons for centralising the buying [purpose] in a company is that it gives senior buyers more clout .

The main function of consultative committees is to help users who have complaints about rail services and other facilities provided by British Rail and , in the case of the Scottish committee , about ferry services provided by the Scottish transport group .
the main [purpose] of consultative committees is to help users who have complaints about rail services and other facilities provided by british rail and , in the case of the scottish committee , about ferry services provided by the scottish transport group .

They also function as a focus for the generation of collective values and a group identity which is considered desirable given the fragmented and impermanent nature of pupil attendance .
they also [purpose] as a focus for the generation of collective values and a group identity which is considered desirable given the fragmented and impermanent nature of pupil attendance .

Difficult meeting as some Social Workers are refusing to work with colleagues and have taken steps to frustrate the function of the Area Team .
difficult meeting as some social workers are refusing to work with colleagues and have taken steps to frustrate the [purpose] of the area team .

While Porter is obviously right to argue that there is no economic reason for completely separable SBUs to be combined , it does not follow that they would function any better by becoming completely independent .
while porter is obviously right to argue that there is no economic reason for completely separable sbus to be combined , it does not follow that they would [purpose] any better by becoming completely independent .

It was seen earlier in the book that there are inconsistencies between different components of what may be loosely called the finance function .
it was seen earlier in the book that there are inconsistencies between different components of what may be loosely called the finance [purpose] .

On the other hand , there are some general differences in emphasis , as indicated , which should be highlighted by the accounting function .
on the other hand , there are some general differences in emphasis , as indicated , which should be highlighted by the accounting [purpose] .

Procurement : the function of purchasing
procurement : the [purpose] of purchasing

Nevertheless , the approach described does indicate an area in which there might be considerable expansion of the accounting function .
nevertheless , the approach described does indicate an area in which there might be considerable expansion of the accounting [purpose] .

No single function can carry out such an analysis reliably .
no single [purpose] can carry out such an analysis reliably .

Ackerman also found that in integrated firms there was a great deal of divisional-HQ interaction over significant investments , often extending over several years , and that this was a powerful device for gaining commitment to major projects , although the impetus any project gained was also a function of fairly subjective , often political factors .
ackerman also found that in integrated firms there was a great deal of divisional-hq interaction over significant investments , often extending over several years , and that this was a powerful device for gaining commitment to major projects , although the impetus any project gained was also a [purpose] of fairly subjective , often political factors .

‘ At the Casa Sciorto ? ’ she queried bluntly . ‘ Is n't that your ‘ noble seat ’ in Mdina ? Surely a business function would be held at your offices ? Or your town house in Valletta ? ’
‘ at the casa sciorto ? ’ she queried bluntly . ‘ is n't that your ‘ noble seat ’ in mdina ? surely a business [purpose] would be held at your offices ? or your town house in valletta ? ’

It made him turn and look about him , noting the presence of each object in the room , questioning their function .
it made him turn and look about him , noting the presence of each object in the room , questioning their [purpose] .

It now appears that in other species the same habit can have an almost opposite function .
it now appears that in other species the same habit can have an almost opposite [purpose] .

Indeed , the function of displacement activities themselves is uncertain .
indeed , the [purpose] of displacement activities themselves is uncertain .

They must possess some hidden function to compensate their obvious disadvantages , because if they did not they would have been eliminated by negative selection .
they must possess some hidden [purpose] to compensate their obvious disadvantages , because if they did not they would have been eliminated by negative selection .

It should fulfil the double function of protecting himself and appealing to Lorton .
it should fulfil the double [purpose] of protecting himself and appealing to lorton .

Throughout the period the needs of mothers were not considered in relation to providing a solution to the difficulties they faced ( for example in combining paid employment and motherhood ) , but rather in respect to a precise concept of motherhood as a social function .
throughout the period the needs of mothers were not considered in relation to providing a solution to the difficulties they faced ( for example in combining paid employment and motherhood ) , but rather in respect to a precise concept of motherhood as a social [purpose] .

Very few took the position of Ada Nield Chew , who saw clearly how the position of working wives was complicated by their reproductive function , and who believed that women 's sole responsibility for home and children represented the chief impediment to self-fulfilment .
very few took the position of ada nield chew , who saw clearly how the position of working wives was complicated by their reproductive [purpose] , and who believed that women 's sole responsibility for home and children represented the chief impediment to self-fulfilment .

Moreover , female well-being was defined in terms congruent with both women 's reproductive function and ideal feminine behaviour .
moreover , female well-being was defined in terms congruent with both women 's reproductive [purpose] and ideal feminine behaviour .

Gleizes and Metzinger stressed that Cubist painting had no specifically decorative function , and that it did not attain its full meaning only when hung on the wall at eye level .
gleizes and metzinger stressed that cubist painting had no specifically decorative [purpose] , and that it did not attain its full meaning only when hung on the wall at eye level .

He proclaimed a classic revival in the arts in which the work of art was to be judged as whole and not on the merits of its parts or in relation to its creator : ‘ … the work of art should be conceived as a pipe or a hat is conceived by the craftsman who produces it ; all parts should have a strictly determined place according to their function and importance .
he proclaimed a classic revival in the arts in which the work of art was to be judged as whole and not on the merits of its parts or in relation to its creator : ‘ … the work of art should be conceived as a pipe or a hat is conceived by the craftsman who produces it ; all parts should have a strictly determined place according to their [purpose] and importance .

Viscount Dilhorne would also have dismissed the case because the function of granting leave was administrative and not judicial .
viscount dilhorne would also have dismissed the case because the [purpose] of granting leave was administrative and not judicial .

The necessity for the function to be characterised as ‘ judicial ’ before procedural constraints would be imposed was integral to this approach , because only bodies exercising such functions would be suited to adjudicative procedures .
the necessity for the [purpose] to be characterised as ‘ judicial ’ before procedural constraints would be imposed was integral to this approach , because only bodies exercising such functions would be suited to adjudicative procedures .

That the development of procedural fairness does involve the court in a balancing function is undeniable .
that the development of procedural fairness does involve the court in a balancing [purpose] is undeniable .

Reasons can assist the courts in performing their supervisory function , can help to ensure that the decision has been thought through , and can aid in the control of administrative discretion .
reasons can assist the courts in performing their supervisory [purpose] , can help to ensure that the decision has been thought through , and can aid in the control of administrative discretion .

The answer depends upon the enabling legislation , the type of function being performed , and the nature of the decision-maker .
the answer depends upon the enabling legislation , the type of [purpose] being performed , and the nature of the decision-maker .

Whether the material thus collected can be summarised , and whether all those on the deciding authority must possess all the papers will depend on the nature of the function being performed and the language of the enabling statute .
whether the material thus collected can be summarised , and whether all those on the deciding authority must possess all the papers will depend on the nature of the [purpose] being performed and the language of the enabling statute .

While the application of procedural checks to licensing activities has therefore increased it would be mistaken to say that it is now accepted that any licensing function should be subjected to such safeguards .
while the application of procedural checks to licensing activities has therefore increased it would be mistaken to say that it is now accepted that any licensing [purpose] should be subjected to such safeguards .

In response to this problem the 1946 Federal Administrative Procedure Act section 5 ( c ) established an internal separation of function between decider and prosecutor .
in response to this problem the 1946 federal administrative procedure act section 5 ( c ) established an internal separation of [purpose] between decider and prosecutor .

Overlapping with , but nevertheless separate from the mixture of function between prosecutor and judge , is the difficulty that administrators of a particular scheme may well have ‘ strong views ’ or ‘ preconceived ideas ’ concerning the subject-matter before them .
overlapping with , but nevertheless separate from the mixture of [purpose] between prosecutor and judge , is the difficulty that administrators of a particular scheme may well have ‘ strong views ’ or ‘ preconceived ideas ’ concerning the subject-matter before them .

Concepts such as ‘ asking the wrong question ’ then simply function as the vehicle through which the court can substitute its views on the meaning of such phrases for that of the tribunal .
concepts such as ‘ asking the wrong question ’ then simply [purpose] as the vehicle through which the court can substitute its views on the meaning of such phrases for that of the tribunal .

Moreover , the very existence of the two heads of control has , in itself , exacerbated the confusion as judges strive to find a function for each of the terms .
moreover , the very existence of the two heads of control has , in itself , exacerbated the confusion as judges strive to find a [purpose] for each of the terms .

The simple reason is that the safety net function it performs is only rendered necessary by a semantic sleight of hand : we think we need the net because our original conceptions of propriety of purpose or relevancy are drawn unrealistically wide , thus allowing cases to ‘ tumble through .
the simple reason is that the safety net [purpose] it performs is only rendered necessary by a semantic sleight of hand : we think we need the net because our original conceptions of propriety of purpose or relevancy are drawn unrealistically wide , thus allowing cases to ‘ tumble through .

The information necessary to carry out the control function effectively is produced from a variety of sources and often in a variety of forms .
the information necessary to carry out the control [purpose] effectively is produced from a variety of sources and often in a variety of forms .

The control function of management is closely linked to the planning function .
the control [purpose] of management is closely linked to the planning [purpose] .

This monitoring of performance is the central core of the control function .
this monitoring of performance is the central core of the control [purpose] .

Unlike the situation in our discussion of line , staff and functional authority in Chapter 21 , these following chapters specifically do not refer to issues of authority , but only to the specialised role , or function , carried out by particular groups of employees , in this case in marketing , production or personnel departments .
unlike the situation in our discussion of line , staff and functional authority in chapter 21 , these following chapters specifically do not refer to issues of authority , but only to the specialised role , or [purpose] , carried out by particular groups of employees , in this case in marketing , production or personnel departments .

Marketing is the one function of management which has to be more concerned with what is going on outside the organization than with what is happening internally .
marketing is the one [purpose] of management which has to be more concerned with what is going on outside the organization than with what is happening internally .

( Marketing is ) … ‘ The management function which organizes and directs all those business activities involved in assessing and converting customer purchasing power into effective demand for a specific product or services and moving the product or service to the final consumer so as to achieve the profit target or other objectives of the company .
( marketing is ) … ‘ the management [purpose] which organizes and directs all those business activities involved in assessing and converting customer purchasing power into effective demand for a specific product or services and moving the product or service to the final consumer so as to achieve the profit target or other objectives of the company .

The question of conflict within the marketing function has already been touched on .
the question of conflict within the marketing [purpose] has already been touched on .

Marketing departments grew out of the sales function in organizations .
marketing departments grew out of the sales [purpose] in organizations .

In many cases they are now wider in scope than the function which gave them birth ; in others they are at least on a par with the sales function .
in many cases they are now wider in scope than the [purpose] which gave them birth ; in others they are at least on a par with the sales [purpose] .

In large de-centralised organizations , the marketing function may be split between sub-divisions and corporate headquarters .
in large de-centralised organizations , the marketing [purpose] may be split between sub-divisions and corporate headquarters .

The production function of an organization exists in order to make available the goods or services required by the customer .
the production [purpose] of an organization exists in order to make available the goods or services required by the customer .

Before we proceed to these other chapters , it may be helpful to consider the likely organization structure of the Production function in a manufacturing organization .
before we proceed to these other chapters , it may be helpful to consider the likely organization structure of the production [purpose] in a manufacturing organization .

The organization chart below illustrates the principal divisions of labour within the function and provides an example of the structural relationships between the different departments or sub-units .
the organization chart below illustrates the principal divisions of labour within the [purpose] and provides an example of the structural relationships between the different departments or sub-units .

In the example given , the production function has been divided up into four sub-units or departments .
in the example given , the production [purpose] has been divided up into four sub-units or departments .

There could have been a greater degree of specialization , but this has been avoided here in order to emphasise the collaborative nature of many of the specialisms to be found in the production function .
there could have been a greater degree of specialization , but this has been avoided here in order to emphasise the collaborative nature of many of the specialisms to be found in the production [purpose] .

The above description clearly denotes an extremely important function .
the above description clearly denotes an extremely important [purpose] .

‘ It 's not pan of my function to vote here , unless the meeting is deadlocked .
‘ it 's not pan of my [purpose] to vote here , unless the meeting is deadlocked .

It was unfit even for grazing purposes and its main function in human terms was that its near edges provided a useful if unofficial dumping ground for anything and everything .
it was unfit even for grazing purposes and its main [purpose] in human terms was that its near edges provided a useful if unofficial dumping ground for anything and everything .

Of course , with this strategy being market-oriented , it is possible that one firm could purchase more pollution permits than it needed , with the intention of keeping out competitors , and the market would cease to function .
of course , with this strategy being market-oriented , it is possible that one firm could purchase more pollution permits than it needed , with the intention of keeping out competitors , and the market would cease to [purpose] .

Sometimes , as when a plate of a fossil shows its matrix in detail , or that of a fish shows the river where it was caught , we are given more information than we needed — though such details may help to balance the tone of the plate and thus have an aesthetic function .
sometimes , as when a plate of a fossil shows its matrix in detail , or that of a fish shows the river where it was caught , we are given more information than we needed — though such details may help to balance the tone of the plate and thus have an aesthetic [purpose] .

Such research had therefore to function as a hobby .
such research had therefore to [purpose] as a hobby .

As a result , policy and resources committee proceedings have in many authorities become either duplicates of , or substitutes for , the work of the full council and the function of policy co-ordination has shifted to the party political groups , or to the chief executive and management team , or … both ' ( Alexander , 1982a , p. 91 ) .
as a result , policy and resources committee proceedings have in many authorities become either duplicates of , or substitutes for , the work of the full council and the [purpose] of policy co-ordination has shifted to the party political groups , or to the chief executive and management team , or … both ' ( alexander , 1982a , p. 91 ) .

As with civil servants , officers in local government have both a managerial role — being responsible for the efficient running of their department- and a policy-advisory function .
as with civil servants , officers in local government have both a managerial role — being responsible for the efficient running of their department- and a policy-advisory [purpose] .

The Conservative government ultimately appointed a Housing Commissioner to take over responsibility for the housing function but in 1974 the local authority ceased to exist as a result of local government reorganization .
the conservative government ultimately appointed a housing commissioner to take over responsibility for the housing [purpose] but in 1974 the local authority ceased to exist as a result of local government reorganization .

Jones further argues that if central government believes it can not or should not perform a particular public function , ‘ it would be better if it decentralised not to technocratic quangos but to directly elected local governments ’ .
jones further argues that if central government believes it can not or should not perform a particular public [purpose] , ‘ it would be better if it decentralised not to technocratic quangos but to directly elected local governments ’ .

The worse had their function .
the worse had their [purpose] .

There is a disagreement about whether Marx 's classic account of capitalism , Das Kapital , was an idealised statement about how a perfectly functioning capitalist system ought to function or whether it was a statement about how such societies , economies and states do function in practice .
there is a disagreement about whether marx 's classic account of capitalism , das kapital , was an idealised statement about how a perfectly functioning capitalist system ought to [purpose] or whether it was a statement about how such societies , economies and states do [purpose] in practice .

Working-class political parties also came to serve a useful integrative function for monopoly capital .
working-class political parties also came to serve a useful integrative [purpose] for monopoly capital .

Mosca , like Pareto , is concerned to demolish democratic illusions about the altruism of the elite , but he recognises a positive dynamic relationship between rulers and ruled , and implies that the elite has an ideological function in that it expresses in a coherent rationalising way the moral unity of society through the rule of law .
mosca , like pareto , is concerned to demolish democratic illusions about the altruism of the elite , but he recognises a positive dynamic relationship between rulers and ruled , and implies that the elite has an ideological [purpose] in that it expresses in a coherent rationalising way the moral unity of society through the rule of law .

elitism in analyses of this kind tends to explain elite power through both the social function of the group , the success of the group in carrying out that function and the particular contingent demands of the society for that function .
elitism in analyses of this kind tends to explain elite power through both the social [purpose] of the group , the success of the group in carrying out that [purpose] and the particular contingent demands of the society for that [purpose] .

What remains from classical elite theory is the theme of the powerlessness of the masses and the rational unifying capacities of the minority groups , but modern elite theorists , perhaps surprisingly , are more concerned than their precursors to argue that the elites function not only in their own interest but also in the interests of society as a whole — an inevitable concomitant of the functional elitism now prevalent .
what remains from classical elite theory is the theme of the powerlessness of the masses and the rational unifying capacities of the minority groups , but modern elite theorists , perhaps surprisingly , are more concerned than their precursors to argue that the elites [purpose] not only in their own interest but also in the interests of society as a whole — an inevitable concomitant of the functional elitism now prevalent .

with its appeals to patriotism and national identity and superiority , serves a domestic integration function .
with its appeals to patriotism and national identity and superiority , serves a domestic integration [purpose] .

For a bureaucrat , ‘ salary , perquisites of the office , public reputation , power patronage [ and ] output of the bureau … are a positive function of the total budget of the bureau during the bureaucrat 's tenure ’ .
for a bureaucrat , ‘ salary , perquisites of the office , public reputation , power patronage [ and ] output of the bureau … are a positive [purpose] of the total budget of the bureau during the bureaucrat 's tenure ’ .

One of the most intriguing of evolutionary clues is the close chemical similarity between many hormones and the substances that function within the nervous system as neurotransmitters , suggesting that perhaps the second group , the neurotransmitters , may have developed evolutionarily from the first .
one of the most intriguing of evolutionary clues is the close chemical similarity between many hormones and the substances that [purpose] within the nervous system as neurotransmitters , suggesting that perhaps the second group , the neurotransmitters , may have developed evolutionarily from the first .

Individual molecules are the fundamental decision-making elements in the brain … the function of the neuron 's to allow the elements to communicate with one another .
individual molecules are the fundamental decision-making elements in the brain … the [purpose] of the neuron 's to allow the elements to communicate with one another .

They function as neurotransmitters and as modulators of neuronal activity ( neuromodulators ) and are associated not only with pain but with pleasure , stress , arousal , attention and many other such global mental and bodily states .
they [purpose] as neurotransmitters and as modulators of neuronal activity ( neuromodulators ) and are associated not only with pain but with pleasure , stress , arousal , attention and many other such global mental and bodily states .

He had , in effect , stumbled without recognizing it into a major new area of understanding of the chemistry of brain function .
he had , in effect , stumbled without recognizing it into a major new area of understanding of the chemistry of brain [purpose] .

The living animal has by this process been transformed into something approximating a circuit board in a computer , and the researchers can go about exploring its properties rather as if they were electrical engineers , presented with a novel piece of equipment and trying to understand from scratch how its circuits function .
the living animal has by this process been transformed into something approximating a circuit board in a computer , and the researchers can go about exploring its properties rather as if they were electrical engineers , presented with a novel piece of equipment and trying to understand from scratch how its circuits [purpose] .

Like fishermen and others who work in cold conditions , they develop tolerance to cold in hands and faces , possibly a function of enhanced blood circulation in exposed areas of the body .
like fishermen and others who work in cold conditions , they develop tolerance to cold in hands and faces , possibly a [purpose] of enhanced blood circulation in exposed areas of the body .

She could see from the screen displays how the systems were designed to function .
she could see from the screen displays how the systems were designed to [purpose] .

‘ That 's their main function , ’ he said , inclining his head .
‘ that 's their main [purpose] , ’ he said , inclining his head .

For instance , the considerable differences in the number of interactions ( compare , for example , the pseudonymous Claybourn and Greystock ) is partly a function of their length : a relatively tow number of interactions does not indicate prolonged periods of silence , and most teachers were interacting with children most of the time .
for instance , the considerable differences in the number of interactions ( compare , for example , the pseudonymous claybourn and greystock ) is partly a [purpose] of their length : a relatively tow number of interactions does not indicate prolonged periods of silence , and most teachers were interacting with children most of the time .

It may in part be a function of the teacher 's own practices , and when this is so an analysis of his or her use of time , from the broad organizational strategies right down to the minutiae of moment-to-moment interactions with the children , could help both in creating more time and in making for a more effective and efficient context for learning .
it may in part be a [purpose] of the teacher 's own practices , and when this is so an analysis of his or her use of time , from the broad organizational strategies right down to the minutiae of moment-to-moment interactions with the children , could help both in creating more time and in making for a more effective and efficient context for learning .

Both questions and feedback have a prospective as well as a retrospective function : they enable the child to build on present understanding and to move forward into new areas of learning .
both questions and feedback have a prospective as well as a retrospective [purpose] : they enable the child to build on present understanding and to move forward into new areas of learning .

Head as chief teacher , believing , and demonstrating , that the teaching function of a school is pre-eminent and that the head must play the leading part , by action and example , in advancing it .
head as chief teacher , believing , and demonstrating , that the teaching [purpose] of a school is pre-eminent and that the head must play the leading part , by action and example , in advancing it .

The need to retain the primacy of the professional advisory function is surely paramount , and the Authority might well wish to find ways of reducing the administrative burden on advisory staff .
the need to retain the primacy of the professional advisory [purpose] is surely paramount , and the authority might well wish to find ways of reducing the administrative burden on advisory staff .

We have recommended that the Authority continues to monitor reading standards across the city but that the screening function of its traditional tests be taken over by National Curriculum Assessment at the end of Key Stage One .
we have recommended that the authority continues to monitor reading standards across the city but that the screening [purpose] of its traditional tests be taken over by national curriculum assessment at the end of key stage one .

We argued for a more discriminating balance of questions , statements and instructions ; for fewer pseudo-questions and more questions of a kind which encourage children to reason and speculate ; for more opportunities for children themselves to ask their own questions and have these addressed ; for oral feedback to children which without being negative is more exact and informative than mere praise ; for both questioning and feedback to strike a balance between the retrospective function of assessing and responding to what has been learned so far , and the prospective function of taking the child 's learning forward ; and for much more use to be made of structured pupil-pupil interaction both as a learning tool and as a means of helping teachers to function in a more considered manner and therefore more effectively .
we argued for a more discriminating balance of questions , statements and instructions ; for fewer pseudo-questions and more questions of a kind which encourage children to reason and speculate ; for more opportunities for children themselves to ask their own questions and have these addressed ; for oral feedback to children which without being negative is more exact and informative than mere praise ; for both questioning and feedback to strike a balance between the retrospective [purpose] of assessing and responding to what has been learned so far , and the prospective [purpose] of taking the child 's learning forward ; and for much more use to be made of structured pupil-pupil interaction both as a learning tool and as a means of helping teachers to [purpose] in a more considered manner and therefore more effectively .

We can call this the control function of the new system .
we can call this the control [purpose] of the new system .

We can call this the planning function of the new system .
we can call this the planning [purpose] of the new system .

It could be called the efficiency function of the new system .
it could be called the efficiency [purpose] of the new system .

In 1970 the Heath government sought to fit in the third piece of the Plowden jigsaw — the efficiency function .
in 1970 the heath government sought to fit in the third piece of the plowden jigsaw — the efficiency [purpose] .

The planning function , as the Treasury saw it , had been performed too well to the detriment of its control function .
the planning [purpose] , as the treasury saw it , had been performed too well to the detriment of its control [purpose] .

The changes which the Treasury introduced in this period reasserted the primacy of the control function ( Wright , 1980 ; Else and Marshall , 1981 ) .
the changes which the treasury introduced in this period reasserted the primacy of the control [purpose] ( wright , 1980 ; else and marshall , 1981 ) .

The control function .
the control [purpose] .

The complete dominance of the control function over the planning function in the 1980s made service planning and efficient management extremely difficult .
the complete dominance of the control [purpose] over the planning [purpose] in the 1980s made service planning and efficient management extremely difficult .

The planning function
the planning [purpose]

The efficiency function
the efficiency [purpose]

The corporate function
the corporate [purpose]

However , it clearly performs a much less crucial or well-defined function than is the case in the Western capitalist economies .
however , it clearly performs a much less crucial or well-defined [purpose] than is the case in the western capitalist economies .

By implication , the Constitution recognises that contemporary Mexican society is divided into classes , and that it is the function of the State to protect one class against another .
by implication , the constitution recognises that contemporary mexican society is divided into classes , and that it is the [purpose] of the state to protect one class against another .

The principal function of the watch was to deal with outbreaks of fire , and to ensure the security of property .
the principal [purpose] of the watch was to deal with outbreaks of fire , and to ensure the security of property .

This overview will serve the related function of showing the gradual development during the 1970s and early 1 980s of a climate of opinion , antithetical to trade unions in general and mass picketing in particular , which was conducive to the repressive police tactics deployed during the coal dispute .
this overview will serve the related [purpose] of showing the gradual development during the 1970s and early 1 980s of a climate of opinion , antithetical to trade unions in general and mass picketing in particular , which was conducive to the repressive police tactics deployed during the coal dispute .

Using official strike dab from Ontario for the period 1958–1967 , Grant and Wallace ( 1991 ) conclude that strike violence is a function of the following variables : ( i ) the legislative environment , ( ii ) the sociopolitical context , ( iii ) the distribution of skills among the workforce ( and its corresponding degree of participation in the strike ) , and ( iv ) the strategies employed by the strikers and their employers .
using official strike dab from ontario for the period 1958–1967 , grant and wallace ( 1991 ) conclude that strike violence is a [purpose] of the following variables : ( i ) the legislative environment , ( ii ) the sociopolitical context , ( iii ) the distribution of skills among the workforce ( and its corresponding degree of participation in the strike ) , and ( iv ) the strategies employed by the strikers and their employers .

The growth of baseball ‘ rowdyism ’ in the late-nineteenth century has been an inverse function of diminishing female attendance at the game ( Guttmann , 1986:114–15 ) .
the growth of baseball ‘ rowdyism ’ in the late-nineteenth century has been an inverse [purpose] of diminishing female attendance at the game ( guttmann , 1986:114–15 ) .

‘ The history of its application throughout this period suggests that its more important function was to suppress all forms of challenge , whether peaceful or violent , to the hegemony of its unionist sponsors .
‘ the history of its application throughout this period suggests that its more important [purpose] was to suppress all forms of challenge , whether peaceful or violent , to the hegemony of its unionist sponsors .

The escalating conflict in Northern Ireland is not simply a function of deprivation and discrimination ( Hewitt , 1981 ; Kovalcheck , 1987 ) , but a political response to increasing state repression .
the escalating conflict in northern ireland is not simply a [purpose] of deprivation and discrimination ( hewitt , 1981 ; kovalcheck , 1987 ) , but a political response to increasing state repression .

Technically , the cetacean side of things is n't at all well handled : the beast is evidently as much of a pawn as Jonah ; its providential appearance just as the sailors are tossing Jonah overboard smacks far too heavily of a deus ex machina ; and the great fish is casually dismissed from the story the moment its narrative function has been fulfilled .
technically , the cetacean side of things is n't at all well handled : the beast is evidently as much of a pawn as jonah ; its providential appearance just as the sailors are tossing jonah overboard smacks far too heavily of a deus ex machina ; and the great fish is casually dismissed from the story the moment its narrative [purpose] has been fulfilled .

Style is a function of theme .
style is a [purpose] of theme .

4 The function of the railway in Flaubert 's affair with Louise Colet has , to my mind , been rather underestimated .
4 the [purpose] of the railway in flaubert 's affair with louise colet has , to my mind , been rather underestimated .

The use of characters as oracles for beliefs they do not themselves espouse in effect divides the character 's identity from his or her narrative function .
the use of characters as oracles for beliefs they do not themselves espouse in effect divides the character 's identity from his or her narrative [purpose] .

Although largely neglected today , this latter function is unashamedly manipulative .
although largely neglected today , this latter [purpose] is unashamedly manipulative .

An oscillograph might perhaps reveal whether the hammering which now drives its high-pitched ring of metal on metal into the neural cells also drives into the memory of the conversation , memory being a function , not a place .
an oscillograph might perhaps reveal whether the hammering which now drives its high-pitched ring of metal on metal into the neural cells also drives into the memory of the conversation , memory being a [purpose] , not a place .

If we consider Out with respect to the conception of metaphor examined above , the desperate sputterings of the main character can be seen as active or ‘ verbal ’ in their metaphoric function : his discourse mobilizes and metaphorizes all others and has only tenuous links with any reality outside its field of operation .
if we consider out with respect to the conception of metaphor examined above , the desperate sputterings of the main character can be seen as active or ‘ verbal ’ in their metaphoric [purpose] : his discourse mobilizes and metaphorizes all others and has only tenuous links with any reality outside its field of operation .

In addition to its formal dimension , this use of metaphor also has a political function .
in addition to its formal dimension , this use of metaphor also has a political [purpose] .

The use of metaphor to unsettle a discourse which has widespread authority in our culture demonstrates that metaphor need not necessarily play a coercive role , that it can serve an interrogatory function as well .
the use of metaphor to unsettle a discourse which has widespread authority in our culture demonstrates that metaphor need not necessarily play a coercive role , that it can serve an interrogatory [purpose] as well .

In these examples descriptions of exchange and the crossing of frontiers illustrate the move from one discursive domain to another , showing how such actions can be made to function as textual manoeuvres and figure the metaphoric strategies of the imagination .
in these examples descriptions of exchange and the crossing of frontiers illustrate the move from one discursive domain to another , showing how such actions can be made to [purpose] as textual manoeuvres and figure the metaphoric strategies of the imagination .

In Thru the discourses of literary theory are manipulated in part by a female voice , but active questioning of their status and function is accomplished on the level of the novel 's overall orchestration and its symbolic structure .
in thru the discourses of literary theory are manipulated in part by a female voice , but active questioning of their status and [purpose] is accomplished on the level of the novel 's overall orchestration and its symbolic structure .

Between , Thru , and Amalgamemnon manifest structures of adjacency or alterity in which exemplary texts of both past and present are invoked and implicitly questioned by being brought together and made to interact ; their semantic orientation is refracted by the context in which they are placed and their referential function remotivated .
between , thru , and amalgamemnon manifest structures of adjacency or alterity in which exemplary texts of both past and present are invoked and implicitly questioned by being brought together and made to interact ; their semantic orientation is refracted by the context in which they are placed and their referential [purpose] remotivated .

By articulating the fictional through the ‘ scientific ’ , the novels question the authority of the latter and reassert the specificity of the former as a discourse which has as its function to mimic and to question .
by articulating the fictional through the ‘ scientific ’ , the novels question the authority of the latter and reassert the specificity of the former as a discourse which has as its [purpose] to mimic and to question .

An analysis of feminine and masculine symbolism delivered at a conference on ‘ archetypology ’ characterizes ‘ inversion by double negation ’ as ‘ typical of the imaginative function in its descending aspect of depth , night , femininity , container which becomes contained , swallower which becomes swallowed ’ as opposed to the ‘ upward masculine aspect ’ ( 109/503 ) .
an analysis of feminine and masculine symbolism delivered at a conference on ‘ archetypology ’ characterizes ‘ inversion by double negation ’ as ‘ typical of the imaginative [purpose] in its descending aspect of depth , night , femininity , container which becomes contained , swallower which becomes swallowed ’ as opposed to the ‘ upward masculine aspect ’ ( 109/503 ) .

As with the misquotation cited above , the function of the advertisement is deflected : the text is made to refer to its own rhetorical device of washing meaning out of language .
as with the misquotation cited above , the [purpose] of the advertisement is deflected : the text is made to refer to its own rhetorical device of washing meaning out of language .

As in Between , the binary definitions on which structuralist theory is founded receive parodic treatment which voids them of their original function and uses them for the purpose of telling the tale ( s ) of the novel .
as in between , the binary definitions on which structuralist theory is founded receive parodic treatment which voids them of their original [purpose] and uses them for the purpose of telling the tale ( s ) of the novel .

If this notion of looking ahead in order to see behind is understood temporally , it can be recognized as the constitutive structure of narrative itself , which Genette describes as a series of ‘ déterminations rétrogrades ’ in that the action of a story is a function of its outcome ( 1969:94 ) .
if this notion of looking ahead in order to see behind is understood temporally , it can be recognized as the constitutive structure of narrative itself , which genette describes as a series of ‘ déterminations rétrogrades ’ in that the action of a story is a [purpose] of its outcome ( 1969:94 ) .

The specificity of the lexical amalgam and its variation , the pun , is that they partake simultaneously of two different contexts which they join on grounds that are quite obviously a function of the free play of the signifier .
the specificity of the lexical amalgam and its variation , the pun , is that they partake simultaneously of two different contexts which they join on grounds that are quite obviously a [purpose] of the free play of the signifier .

This is because all possible fictions of scientific progress are virtual in present-day technology which has taken over the function of ‘ productive ’ simulation .
this is because all possible fictions of scientific progress are virtual in present-day technology which has taken over the [purpose] of ‘ productive ’ simulation .

In the relatively short period of time prior to the Industrial Revolution the function of the prison can be seen as related directly to the needs of the economy , in that labour was forced to work on specific projects to overcome labour shortages .
in the relatively short period of time prior to the industrial revolution the [purpose] of the prison can be seen as related directly to the needs of the economy , in that labour was forced to work on specific projects to overcome labour shortages .

This deterministic approach suffers by seeing the prison as existing to remove people from circulation , rather than its ideological function of social control .
this deterministic approach suffers by seeing the prison as existing to remove people from circulation , rather than its ideological [purpose] of social control .

While rejecting the mechanistic connection of Quinney and Jankovic , one can argue that in times of economic crisis , typified by rising levels of unemployment , imprisonment does serve an important social control function as a constant reminder to those not in work of the consequences of stepping out of line .
while rejecting the mechanistic connection of quinney and jankovic , one can argue that in times of economic crisis , typified by rising levels of unemployment , imprisonment does serve an important social control [purpose] as a constant reminder to those not in work of the consequences of stepping out of line .

In the early stages after sentencing , supervision would be strict , and because of this would have an effect upon the probation officers ' traditional , caring function , emphasising instead a more custodial role .
in the early stages after sentencing , supervision would be strict , and because of this would have an effect upon the probation officers ' traditional , caring [purpose] , emphasising instead a more custodial role .

The State then operates as an educational function , as Gramsci suggests , in this case , to educate us as to the worthy and the unworthy , the deserving and the undeserving .
the state then operates as an educational [purpose] , as gramsci suggests , in this case , to educate us as to the worthy and the unworthy , the deserving and the undeserving .

The State exercises coercion , but civil society performs the function of maintaining hegemony , or domination by consent .
the state exercises coercion , but civil society performs the [purpose] of maintaining hegemony , or domination by consent .

The general function of law — that is the dynamic of the legal system or the ‘ juridical problems ’ as Gramsci called it — is to render the ruling group homogeneous :
the general [purpose] of law — that is the dynamic of the legal system or the ‘ juridical problems ’ as gramsci called it — is to render the ruling group homogeneous :

If you bear in mind the fact that the wealth of data available makes even tighter analysis and cross-analysis solely a function of the limits of the computer , you may begin to appreciate what is not only possible , but is happening right now .
if you bear in mind the fact that the wealth of data available makes even tighter analysis and cross-analysis solely a [purpose] of the limits of the computer , you may begin to appreciate what is not only possible , but is happening right now .

We are all familiar with quantative overload ( too much to do in too little time ) , but for those involved in credit there is also the stress caused by having to cope with an environment where , very often , the credit function is not understood and usually underfunded .
we are all familiar with quantative overload ( too much to do in too little time ) , but for those involved in credit there is also the stress caused by having to cope with an environment where , very often , the credit [purpose] is not understood and usually underfunded .

Over 50 attended the function , but what was so encouraging was the quality of the prospective members that attended .
over 50 attended the [purpose] , but what was so encouraging was the quality of the prospective members that attended .

We are piously told the function of the universities is cultural and educational in the widest sense , yet at the same time all departments , even the most abstract and theoretical , are in practice required to show their cost-effectiveness , output measured against input in the manner of a commercial company .
we are piously told the [purpose] of the universities is cultural and educational in the widest sense , yet at the same time all departments , even the most abstract and theoretical , are in practice required to show their cost-effectiveness , output measured against input in the manner of a commercial company .

In Brixton consultative machinery involving the police and community leaders had ceased to function .
in brixton consultative machinery involving the police and community leaders had ceased to [purpose] .

The primary function of the public services is to design and arrange the provision of care and support … There is value in a multiplicity of provision , not least from the consumer 's point of view , because of the widening choice , flexibility , innovation and competition it should stimulate .
the primary [purpose] of the public services is to design and arrange the provision of care and support … there is value in a multiplicity of provision , not least from the consumer 's point of view , because of the widening choice , flexibility , innovation and competition it should stimulate .

Although canal bridges all perform the function of providing access across water , they come in a host of shapes and sizes and are made from many different materials .
although canal bridges all perform the [purpose] of providing access across water , they come in a host of shapes and sizes and are made from many different materials .

Their function is to promote and protect the industry they represent .
their [purpose] is to promote and protect the industry they represent .

Masked by the cold war , it has in practice fulfilled that function for a long time .
masked by the cold war , it has in practice fulfilled that [purpose] for a long time .

Even when such records are kept , it is common for post-audit staff not to consult the credit management function .
even when such records are kept , it is common for post-audit staff not to consult the credit management [purpose] .

If this information is sought and applied carefully , the credit management function can an even more significant role in enhancing corporate performance and profitability .
if this information is sought and applied carefully , the credit management [purpose] can an even more significant role in enhancing corporate performance and profitability .

Politics in Credit Management ( ‘ politics ’ with a small p ) is the theme of this year 's conference — external politics such as the implications of the proposals for economic and monetary union , and internal politics , the need to manage your time effectively , avoid stress and improve the status of the credit function .
politics in credit management ( ‘ politics ’ with a small p ) is the theme of this year 's conference — external politics such as the implications of the proposals for economic and monetary union , and internal politics , the need to manage your time effectively , avoid stress and improve the status of the credit [purpose] .

Encourage self-management of the illness with a peak flow meter to measure lung function and help anticipate attacks ( available on prescription ) .
encourage self-management of the illness with a peak flow meter to measure lung [purpose] and help anticipate attacks ( available on prescription ) .

Smoothly synchronised endocrine function , an intrinsic factor in determining youthfulness , is also notoriously liable to become unbalanced through stress .
smoothly synchronised endocrine [purpose] , an intrinsic factor in determining youthfulness , is also notoriously liable to become unbalanced through stress .

Equally for Ryan , a moderate exercise of the sexual function for both marriage partners was essential to good health as well as conjugal happiness regulating ‘ the functions of the brain or nervous system and consequently of the whole body ’ .
equally for ryan , a moderate exercise of the sexual [purpose] for both marriage partners was essential to good health as well as conjugal happiness regulating ‘ the functions of the brain or nervous system and consequently of the whole body ’ .

The two are inseparable ; the critical concepts are very much a function of the language .
the two are inseparable ; the critical concepts are very much a [purpose] of the language .

Blackwell insisted that biological reproduction actively contributed to women 's higher spiritual self , in contrast to many medics and evolutionary biologists who saw women as closer to nature because of their ‘ animal ’ function .
blackwell insisted that biological reproduction actively contributed to women 's higher spiritual self , in contrast to many medics and evolutionary biologists who saw women as closer to nature because of their ‘ animal ’ [purpose] .

In the fields of economic management , labour relations , political ideologies and educational and welfare programmes the state began to exercise a new and constitutive function in this period .
in the fields of economic management , labour relations , political ideologies and educational and welfare programmes the state began to exercise a new and constitutive [purpose] in this period .

To enable teachers to perform this function with regard to language , they will need in their training the research tools that will enable them to do this .
to enable teachers to perform this [purpose] with regard to language , they will need in their training the research tools that will enable them to do this .

The current concern with concepts of ‘ function ’ and ‘ notion ’ contrasting with syntactic and morphological analysis of language highlight the necessity for teachers to understand the nature of a description of a language .
the current concern with concepts of ‘ [purpose] ’ and ‘ notion ’ contrasting with syntactic and morphological analysis of language highlight the necessity for teachers to understand the nature of a description of a language .

teachers are not offered readily accessible descriptions of how their languages function in grammatical terms
teachers are not offered readily accessible descriptions of how their languages [purpose] in grammatical terms

Towards an understanding of the predictability of discourse and of its educational function .
towards an understanding of the predictability of discourse and of its educational [purpose] .

Once the students had agreed the language to be taught-lexis , structure and discourse function — they were asked to work out in pairs how they would plan to prepare a class for the Negotiator assessment .
once the students had agreed the language to be taught-lexis , structure and discourse [purpose] — they were asked to work out in pairs how they would plan to prepare a class for the negotiator assessment .

As the pairs had a pattern to follow which was dictated by the components of their task — lexis , structure , discourse function — it was possible for me to stop the discussions from time to time to concentrate the attention of the whole group on specific issues like , for example , the meaningful teaching or certain lexis and grammar .
as the pairs had a pattern to follow which was dictated by the components of their task — lexis , structure , discourse [purpose] — it was possible for me to stop the discussions from time to time to concentrate the attention of the whole group on specific issues like , for example , the meaningful teaching or certain lexis and grammar .

Nor should it be assumed that the division of the language items into lexis , structure and discourse function presents students with problems of equal difficulty or me with identical roles in each case .
nor should it be assumed that the division of the language items into lexis , structure and discourse [purpose] presents students with problems of equal difficulty or me with identical roles in each case .

In Term 3 , which is partly devoted to a teaching practice , the notion of language ‘ function ’ becomes the focus .
in term 3 , which is partly devoted to a teaching practice , the notion of language ‘ [purpose] ’ becomes the focus .

The course aims to prepare students for quite specific kinds of work in school , and yet must acknowledge the relevance of language use and function in the whole junior school curriculum .
the course aims to prepare students for quite specific kinds of work in school , and yet must acknowledge the relevance of language use and [purpose] in the whole junior school curriculum .

In any attempt to assess and understand the use and function , the economic and social benefits of community languages in the restricted domains of the work place and in the public services i.e .
in any attempt to assess and understand the use and [purpose] , the economic and social benefits of community languages in the restricted domains of the work place and in the public services i.e .

The communicative approach , however , requires from the tutors the ability to relate language to specific meaning , social context , and communicative function .
the communicative approach , however , requires from the tutors the ability to relate language to specific meaning , social context , and communicative [purpose] .

Short translation exercises can have a similar function : e.g .
short translation exercises can have a similar [purpose] : e.g .

The formation of the Ministry of Transport in 1919 separated the function of traffic and planning in different ministries for half a century .
the formation of the ministry of transport in 1919 separated the [purpose] of traffic and planning in different ministries for half a century .

For the centre of the metropolis the aim was to define the function of the various component parts and , while making them more efficient and dignified , to free them from damaging intrusion .
for the centre of the metropolis the aim was to define the [purpose] of the various component parts and , while making them more efficient and dignified , to free them from damaging intrusion .

from sub-arterial to local should be classified according to function .
from sub-arterial to local should be classified according to [purpose] .

In Scotland , East Kilbride ( 1947 ) was a New Town on the London model , as an overspill centre for Glasgow , but Glenrothes ( 1948 ) had a function akin to Peterlee , as a collector point for the East Fife coalfield , on the lines advocated in the Regional Plan for Central and South-east Scotland ( Mears , 1948 ) .
in scotland , east kilbride ( 1947 ) was a new town on the london model , as an overspill centre for glasgow , but glenrothes ( 1948 ) had a [purpose] akin to peterlee , as a collector point for the east fife coalfield , on the lines advocated in the regional plan for central and south-east scotland ( mears , 1948 ) .

In other words , it was appreciated that the appearance of an area develops from its function and the way it is built ; it is not something which is applied afterwards .
in other words , it was appreciated that the appearance of an area develops from its [purpose] and the way it is built ; it is not something which is applied afterwards .

‘ It can be broken down into sets of signals , each signal with a specific function .
‘ it can be broken down into sets of signals , each signal with a specific [purpose] .

Their function is this .
their [purpose] is this .

It still incorporated both a zoological and a botanical garden , but now had an extensive research and teaching function .
it still incorporated both a zoological and a botanical garden , but now had an extensive research and teaching [purpose] .

Form and Function
form and [purpose]

The form or structure of the species was determined by its function , this in turn being determined by its environment and way of life .
the form or structure of the species was determined by its [purpose] , this in turn being determined by its environment and way of life .

For Geoffroy , the superficial adaptations were less significant than the underlying unity of structure — the laws governing the modification of form were more important than the function that the resulting structures would serve in allowing the animals to live within their environment .
for geoffroy , the superficial adaptations were less significant than the underlying unity of structure — the laws governing the modification of form were more important than the [purpose] that the resulting structures would serve in allowing the animals to live within their environment .

The resulting debate over the relative priority of form and function polarized anatomists throughout Europe .
the resulting debate over the relative priority of form and [purpose] polarized anatomists throughout europe .

Form was more important than function because in some cases the efficiency of the adaptation was impaired because the Creator wished to maintain the consistency of the basic pattern .
form was more important than [purpose] because in some cases the efficiency of the adaptation was impaired because the creator wished to maintain the consistency of the basic pattern .

Catastrophes would serve a useful function in killing off the old species just as the conditions were changing , leaving the world clear for the Creator to step in and design a whole new population adapted to the environment that would stabilize after the upheaval .
catastrophes would serve a useful [purpose] in killing off the old species just as the conditions were changing , leaving the world clear for the creator to step in and design a whole new population adapted to the environment that would stabilize after the upheaval .

France and Germany already had museums and universities with a substantial research function .
france and germany already had museums and universities with a substantial research [purpose] .

As late as 1871 Hooker 's position at Kew was threatened by an unsympathetic government official who wished to dismantle the garden 's scientific function , and the decision was reversed only when pressure was applied by Huxley , Darwin and other eminent scientists .
as late as 1871 hooker 's position at kew was threatened by an unsympathetic government official who wished to dismantle the garden 's scientific [purpose] , and the decision was reversed only when pressure was applied by huxley , darwin and other eminent scientists .

Each specialized trade was like an organ within an animal 's body , providing a function that benefited the whole and depending on the continued existence of the whole for its own survival .
each specialized trade was like an organ within an animal 's body , providing a [purpose] that benefited the whole and depending on the continued existence of the whole for its own survival .

‘ That 's because you do n't understand the function of the brain .
‘ that 's because you do n't understand the [purpose] of the brain .

And just how the hybrid could function without a discernible brain also remained a mystery .
and just how the hybrid could [purpose] without a discernible brain also remained a mystery .

She realized that the mechanics of his deceitful nature would function whatever he truly felt , that the conveyor-belt of lies would continue to be fed even when the demand for them had ceased to exist .
she realized that the mechanics of his deceitful nature would [purpose] whatever he truly felt , that the conveyor-belt of lies would continue to be fed even when the demand for them had ceased to exist .

The most powerful function served is the release of tension .
the most powerful [purpose] served is the release of tension .

No hospital can function well without receptionists , cleaners , administrators , porters and all the other ancillary staff .
no hospital can [purpose] well without receptionists , cleaners , administrators , porters and all the other ancillary staff .

Like a wound too , it has to be allowed to bleed , which is the function of our tears .
like a wound too , it has to be allowed to bleed , which is the [purpose] of our tears .

Such equipment must be capable of automatic function in the very critical period between the outbreak of fire and the arrival of the fire brigade and in the extreme case under discussion should consist of a zoned in-rack sprinkler system and a zoned system of roof ventilation , both operating on sensitive detection devices and tailor made for the individual risk they protect .
such equipment must be capable of automatic [purpose] in the very critical period between the outbreak of fire and the arrival of the fire brigade and in the extreme case under discussion should consist of a zoned in-rack sprinkler system and a zoned system of roof ventilation , both operating on sensitive detection devices and tailor made for the individual risk they protect .

Chapters 1 and 2 have defined the meaning of high-bay warehouses and the types in current use , and while the whole purpose of this booklet is to concentrate on the fire risks of these storage areas , it must be appreciated that these buildings do not operate in isolation and that , according to their specific function , there will be ancillary accommodation to support the process either directly attached or in close proximity .
chapters 1 and 2 have defined the meaning of high-bay warehouses and the types in current use , and while the whole purpose of this booklet is to concentrate on the fire risks of these storage areas , it must be appreciated that these buildings do not operate in isolation and that , according to their specific [purpose] , there will be ancillary accommodation to support the process either directly attached or in close proximity .

6.1 The Function of a Protective System
6.1 the [purpose] of a protective system

The function of a protective system , then , is to be able to control , and if possible , to extinguish a fire within acceptable and predetermined limits of damage .
the [purpose] of a protective system , then , is to be able to control , and if possible , to extinguish a fire within acceptable and predetermined limits of damage .

The prime reason for this is that such warehouses have become machines and will only operate correctly if the logic for their function has been meticulously thought out , checked and rechecked .
the prime reason for this is that such warehouses have become machines and will only operate correctly if the logic for their [purpose] has been meticulously thought out , checked and rechecked .

Finally , there is a function … that is none the less fundamental : the transmission of a common culture and common standards of citizenship … It is a proper function of higher education … to provide in partnership with the family that background of culture and social habit upon which a healthy society depends .
finally , there is a [purpose] … that is none the less fundamental : the transmission of a common culture and common standards of citizenship … it is a proper [purpose] of higher education … to provide in partnership with the family that background of culture and social habit upon which a healthy society depends .

So much so , that the cultural function of higher education was one of the four functions identified as the core of Robbins ' idea of higher education .
so much so , that the cultural [purpose] of higher education was one of the four functions identified as the core of robbins ' idea of higher education .

These models were derived from quite different perceptions of the cultural function of higher education .
these models were derived from quite different perceptions of the cultural [purpose] of higher education .

The extra-mural cultural function of higher education
the extra-mural cultural [purpose] of higher education

Couple it , too , with the reflections about the abortive and incoherent nature of the counter-culture and counter-course movement in higher education , and we seem to be emerging with a depressing set of conclusions about the wider cultural function of higher education .
couple it , too , with the reflections about the abortive and incoherent nature of the counter-culture and counter-course movement in higher education , and we seem to be emerging with a depressing set of conclusions about the wider cultural [purpose] of higher education .

In order for the dialogue to function effectively , there are rules of procedure which all participants have to accept .
in order for the dialogue to [purpose] effectively , there are rules of procedure which all participants have to accept .

It admittedly makes intuitive sense , and fits in with the general observation about staffs ' professional identities being a function of their research identities .
it admittedly makes intuitive sense , and fits in with the general observation about staffs ' professional identities being a [purpose] of their research identities .

You must also remember to put the information into the computer 's diary and set the alarm function or , come 6.00pm you could still be working and have lost another acquaintance to the great god Mammon !
you must also remember to put the information into the computer 's diary and set the alarm [purpose] or , come 6.00pm you could still be working and have lost another acquaintance to the great god mammon !

Once the system has accepted an in put from the tablet it gives an acknowledging Beep from the computer and prompts for the next command to execute the function .
once the system has accepted an in put from the tablet it gives an acknowledging beep from the computer and prompts for the next command to execute the [purpose] .

Quite apart from their aesthetic values as part of the overall design of your documents their primary function is as a conveyer of information .
quite apart from their aesthetic values as part of the overall design of your documents their primary [purpose] is as a conveyer of information .

The system could not function properly without the presence of a file server on the network and the fact that Talbot were given the go ahead to use the AppleShare software gives some degree of indication how seriously the project was being taken .
the system could not [purpose] properly without the presence of a file server on the network and the fact that talbot were given the go ahead to use the appleshare software gives some degree of indication how seriously the project was being taken .

The selected object is surrounded by a rectangle , which forms the background but does not necessarily have a border , and these tiles can then be arranged as required , used as fills or combined with the clipping function .
the selected object is surrounded by a rectangle , which forms the background but does not necessarily have a border , and these tiles can then be arranged as required , used as fills or combined with the clipping [purpose] .

Rather than having to type in the name of a program or press certain letters or numbers to select a function the user simply ‘ points ’ to what is required and presses a button .
rather than having to type in the name of a program or press certain letters or numbers to select a [purpose] the user simply ‘ points ’ to what is required and presses a button .

The extra keyboard facilities include both Delete and Edit keys and a numeric keypad but once again the Break function is n't labelled .
the extra keyboard facilities include both delete and edit keys and a numeric keypad but once again the break [purpose] is n't labelled .

Of the rest the LoProfile had most to offer but lacked the extra function keys of the Fuller .
of the rest the loprofile had most to offer but lacked the extra [purpose] keys of the fuller .

Again an acquired product , it was developed by Ventura , it runs under the Gem environment and can function on standard hard disk PCs .
again an acquired product , it was developed by ventura , it runs under the gem environment and can [purpose] on standard hard disk pcs .

Conflict may be caused by differences in the objectives of different groups or individuals . It is a function of management :
conflict may be caused by differences in the objectives of different groups or individuals . it is a [purpose] of management :

The second part of this chapter will consider decision-making as a function of leadership , and the associated concepts of authority , delegation , responsibility and accountability .
the second part of this chapter will consider decision-making as a [purpose] of leadership , and the associated concepts of authority , delegation , responsibility and accountability .

Expert advice is nevertheless a part of the management planning function .
expert advice is nevertheless a part of the management planning [purpose] .

Drucker has also argued that there is a further basic function of management in business : economic performance .
drucker has also argued that there is a further basic [purpose] of management in business : economic performance .

He then described the jobs of management within this basic function of economic performance as :
he then described the jobs of management within this basic [purpose] of economic performance as :

‘ Linking pins ’ perform a key function in the ‘ overlapping group form of organisation ’ .
‘ linking pins ’ perform a key [purpose] in the ‘ overlapping group form of organisation ’ .

Due to the technical complexity of some decisions , management jobs are often specialised by function , with managers being trained and developed to acquire the technical skills — in engineering knowledge , accountancy , personnel administration , marketing , and so on to run a functional department and make good management decisions for that department .
due to the technical complexity of some decisions , management jobs are often specialised by [purpose] , with managers being trained and developed to acquire the technical skills — in engineering knowledge , accountancy , personnel administration , marketing , and so on to run a functional department and make good management decisions for that department .

the principle of specialisation : as far as possible , each individual should perform one function only , in which he can be a specialist ;
the principle of specialisation : as far as possible , each individual should perform one [purpose] only , in which he can be a specialist ;

If an organisation is to function as a cooperative system of individuals , some people must have authority or power over others .
if an organisation is to [purpose] as a cooperative system of individuals , some people must have authority or power over others .

If a decision affects only one function ( eg one section in manufacturing ) it can be taken by fairly junior management .
if a decision affects only one [purpose] ( eg one section in manufacturing ) it can be taken by fairly junior management .

If it affects more than one function , the decision must be taken by a manager senior enough to provide consultation with and cooperation with the other functions affected by the business .
if it affects more than one [purpose] , the decision must be taken by a manager senior enough to provide consultation with and cooperation with the other functions affected by the business .

It is also important to consider the function and duration of committees so that the following categories may be defined :
it is also important to consider the [purpose] and duration of committees so that the following categories may be defined :

Sub-departments of the production function might be manufacturing ( machining , finishing , assembly etc ) , production control , quality control , servicing and purchasing .
sub-departments of the production [purpose] might be manufacturing ( machining , finishing , assembly etc ) , production control , quality control , servicing and purchasing .

the division of task or function — the division between groups , departments , specialisms and organisational divisions ; and
the division of task or [purpose] — the division between groups , departments , specialisms and organisational divisions ; and

For it is part of magic 's function to conceal its real dynamic under a smoke-screen of fustian and fantasy , precisely because magic is no longer magic if it ceases to be the monopoly of the class or section who practise it .
for it is part of magic 's [purpose] to conceal its real dynamic under a smoke-screen of fustian and fantasy , precisely because magic is no longer magic if it ceases to be the monopoly of the class or section who practise it .

Whilst service industries are parasitical in nature , neither they nor the prime industries could function efficiently without the other .
whilst service industries are parasitical in nature , neither they nor the prime industries could [purpose] efficiently without the other .

His diaries — particularly the manuscript originals , scattered with engraved prints ( the picture postcards of the day ) — do serve this function , but are most valuable as a record of individual sensibility .
his diaries — particularly the manuscript originals , scattered with engraved prints ( the picture postcards of the day ) — do serve this [purpose] , but are most valuable as a record of individual sensibility .

He is described on his monument at Wollaton as ‘ architector and survayor unto the most worthy house of Wollaton , and diverse others of great account ’ ; this is the first known occasion on which he was called an architect , a term and function then still only in embryo in England .
he is described on his monument at wollaton as ‘ architector and survayor unto the most worthy house of wollaton , and diverse others of great account ’ ; this is the first known occasion on which he was called an architect , a term and [purpose] then still only in embryo in england .

Medina 's function was to collect sums owing to the partnership from the English Crown and , when necessary , to provide short-term loans to both parties .
medina 's [purpose] was to collect sums owing to the partnership from the english crown and , when necessary , to provide short-term loans to both parties .

Her special interests included fat synthesis from carbohydrates , and the biochemical function of the fatty acids in the animal body .
her special interests included fat synthesis from carbohydrates , and the biochemical [purpose] of the fatty acids in the animal body .

As a Unitarian he was debarred from holding civic appointments or public office , but , following the repeal of the Test and Corporation Acts in 1828 , for the annulment of which he had campaigned , the corporation of Newcastle in 1832 invested him with the highest judicial function in their gift , the recordership , and shortly afterwards with the honorary freedom of the city .
as a unitarian he was debarred from holding civic appointments or public office , but , following the repeal of the test and corporation acts in 1828 , for the annulment of which he had campaigned , the corporation of newcastle in 1832 invested him with the highest judicial [purpose] in their gift , the recordership , and shortly afterwards with the honorary freedom of the city .

While there he tried to form the Labour Church Settlement , a community to function as a centre of intellectual and cultural life for the surviving Labour churches .
while there he tried to form the labour church settlement , a community to [purpose] as a centre of intellectual and cultural life for the surviving labour churches .

In his younger days his acquaintance with the anarchist Prince Peter Kropotkin had suggested to him that the fundamental principles of social order ( for Radcliffe-Brown , the ‘ structure ’ and ‘ function ’ of social institutions ) might best be discerned in simple self-regulating communities without formalized governmental authority .
in his younger days his acquaintance with the anarchist prince peter kropotkin had suggested to him that the fundamental principles of social order ( for radcliffe-brown , the ‘ structure ’ and ‘ [purpose] ’ of social institutions ) might best be discerned in simple self-regulating communities without formalized governmental authority .

In 1924 he published work on the parachor , a function of surface tension which could give information about the structure of molecules .
in 1924 he published work on the parachor , a [purpose] of surface tension which could give information about the structure of molecules .

This proved to be an additive function of atomic constants with structural constants in addition .
this proved to be an additive [purpose] of atomic constants with structural constants in addition .

Cardiff 's policy of providing school libraries , inaugurated in 1899 , and children 's reading-halls in branch libraries , evidenced the practice of principles advocated by Ballinger in a stream of papers and pamphlets urging their educational function .
cardiff 's policy of providing school libraries , inaugurated in 1899 , and children 's reading-halls in branch libraries , evidenced the practice of principles advocated by ballinger in a stream of papers and pamphlets urging their educational [purpose] .

Function and status of receiver and administrative receiver
[purpose] and status of receiver and administrative receiver

The function of a visual word-recognition system is to accept , as input , information gathered from a printed or written word , and to produce , as output , an abstract identification of that word .
the [purpose] of a visual word-recognition system is to accept , as input , information gathered from a printed or written word , and to produce , as output , an abstract identification of that word .

Because numerous theoretical approaches to visual word-recognition postulate horizontal interconnections between detectors evidence suggesting that such interconnections do not exist serves a vital function in adjudicating between theories .
because numerous theoretical approaches to visual word-recognition postulate horizontal interconnections between detectors evidence suggesting that such interconnections do not exist serves a vital [purpose] in adjudicating between theories .

More generally , if reaction time is plotted against the time interval between target and recognition point , the result should be a function which increases linearly .
more generally , if reaction time is plotted against the time interval between target and recognition point , the result should be a [purpose] which increases linearly .

Its function is to retrieve the phonological forms of the content words ( nouns , verbs , adjectives or adverbs ) whose abstract codes were selected from the lexicon earlier on .
its [purpose] is to retrieve the phonological forms of the content words ( nouns , verbs , adjectives or adverbs ) whose abstract codes were selected from the lexicon earlier on .

Since words in the closed class have a syntactic rather than a semantic role in utterances they are also known as function words .
since words in the closed class have a syntactic rather than a semantic role in utterances they are also known as [purpose] words .

In particular , prepositions , which are part of the closed class because of the fixed size of their numbers and their grammatical function , often express an essential aspect of the meaning of an utterance .
in particular , prepositions , which are part of the closed class because of the fixed size of their numbers and their grammatical [purpose] , often express an essential aspect of the meaning of an utterance .

The use of negative forms was investigated by Wason ( 1965 ) and Greene ( 1970a ; b ) who showed that the natural function of a negative is to signal denial or contradiction of a prior assertion .
the use of negative forms was investigated by wason ( 1965 ) and greene ( 1970a ; b ) who showed that the natural [purpose] of a negative is to signal denial or contradiction of a prior assertion .

virtually no grammatical structure is evident — certainly no proper sentences , and a few or no function words , prefixes or suffixes ;
virtually no grammatical structure is evident — certainly no proper sentences , and a few or no [purpose] words , prefixes or suffixes ;

what is said is generally grammatically complex and well-structured , with an abundance of function words , prefixes and suffixes ;
what is said is generally grammatically complex and well-structured , with an abundance of [purpose] words , prefixes and suffixes ;

Why is it that content words tend to be preserved and function words omitted ?
why is it that content words tend to be preserved and [purpose] words omitted ?

Because the patient is trying to communicate in the fewest possible words , and a sentence missing its function words is easier to understand than a sentence missing its content words .
because the patient is trying to communicate in the fewest possible words , and a sentence missing its [purpose] words is easier to understand than a sentence missing its content words .

One of the many major problems for this idea is that Broca 's aphasics usually show better performance with content than with function words even when the task is reading aloud single words : the patient given tie , and , the and ant to read aloud might well succeed with tie and ant but not with and or the .
one of the many major problems for this idea is that broca 's aphasics usually show better performance with content than with [purpose] words even when the task is reading aloud single words : the patient given tie , and , the and ant to read aloud might well succeed with tie and ant but not with and or the .

There is no reason ( as there might be with spontaneous speech ) why the patient should choose to utter the isolated content words here and not the isolated function words .
there is no reason ( as there might be with spontaneous speech ) why the patient should choose to utter the isolated content words here and not the isolated [purpose] words .

Kean has proposed that what is omitted in spontaneous speech are the elements of sentences which are unstressed — commonly , prefixes , suffixes and function words .
kean has proposed that what is omitted in spontaneous speech are the elements of sentences which are unstressed — commonly , prefixes , suffixes and [purpose] words .

However , this analysis also fails to explain why even the reading aloud of single function words ( where there is no question of stress patterns in a sentence ) is so often impaired in Broca 's aphasia .
however , this analysis also fails to explain why even the reading aloud of single [purpose] words ( where there is no question of stress patterns in a sentence ) is so often impaired in broca 's aphasia .

The patient 's ability to employ syntactic knowledge is impaired — so spontaneous speech is grammatically very simple , or even ungrammatical , and words which are primarily important in establishing grammatical structure ( function words ) are especially affected .
the patient 's ability to employ syntactic knowledge is impaired — so spontaneous speech is grammatically very simple , or even ungrammatical , and words which are primarily important in establishing grammatical structure ( [purpose] words ) are especially affected .

It is perfectly correct that , if you compare a group of Broca 's aphasics with a control group and measure ( a ) rate of spontaneous speech ; ( b ) number of function words used ; ( c ) number of prefixes and suffixes used ; ( d ) number of verbs used ; ( e ) complexity of grammatical structure ; and ( f ) accuracy of pronunciation , you will find that the Broca 's aphasics have a lower mean than the control group on all six measures .
it is perfectly correct that , if you compare a group of broca 's aphasics with a control group and measure ( a ) rate of spontaneous speech ; ( b ) number of [purpose] words used ; ( c ) number of prefixes and suffixes used ; ( d ) number of verbs used ; ( e ) complexity of grammatical structure ; and ( f ) accuracy of pronunciation , you will find that the broca 's aphasics have a lower mean than the control group on all six measures .

Some patients classified as Broca 's aphasics have dysfluent speech but normal complexity of grammatical structure ; others have reduced occurrence of function words , prefixes and suffixes but fluent speech ; and so on .
some patients classified as broca 's aphasics have dysfluent speech but normal complexity of grammatical structure ; others have reduced occurrence of [purpose] words , prefixes and suffixes but fluent speech ; and so on .

This patient 's verbal output consisted almost entirely of content words there were almost no function words and no grammatical structure .
this patient 's verbal output consisted almost entirely of content words there were almost no [purpose] words and no grammatical structure .

Non-words can not be read aloud at all ; abstract words like truth or equality are much less likely to be read aloud correctly than concrete words like blood or cathedral ; visual errors such as reading bush as ‘ brush ’ or forge as ‘ ford ’ occur ; function words , and the prefixes and suffixes on affixed words , cause particular difficulties .
non-words can not be read aloud at all ; abstract words like truth or equality are much less likely to be read aloud correctly than concrete words like blood or cathedral ; visual errors such as reading bush as ‘ brush ’ or forge as ‘ ford ’ occur ; [purpose] words , and the prefixes and suffixes on affixed words , cause particular difficulties .

Submerged oxygenating plants are those that we affectionately refer to as ‘ weeds ’ , and their function is to maintain healthy , well-oxygenated water for the fish and other livestock .
submerged oxygenating plants are those that we affectionately refer to as ‘ weeds ’ , and their [purpose] is to maintain healthy , well-oxygenated water for the fish and other livestock .

It is important to wait until the plants have had time to become well established before introducing the fish , otherwise they will uproot the plants and dirty the water , and the entire pool will then go green as the uprooted plants are unable to function .
it is important to wait until the plants have had time to become well established before introducing the fish , otherwise they will uproot the plants and dirty the water , and the entire pool will then go green as the uprooted plants are unable to [purpose] .

Many pool owners believe that their pool will not function without scavengers .
many pool owners believe that their pool will not [purpose] without scavengers .

Perhaps the single greatest function of the house concerns money : the house takes the initiative in dealing with the President 's requests for appropriations and revenue-raising suggestions and the Senate acts on what the house produces .
perhaps the single greatest [purpose] of the house concerns money : the house takes the initiative in dealing with the president 's requests for appropriations and revenue-raising suggestions and the senate acts on what the house produces .

The military consists of the armed forces ( land , sea and air ) whose primary function is to defend the state against external enemies or to enforce the will of the state against other states .
the military consists of the armed forces ( land , sea and air ) whose primary [purpose] is to defend the state against external enemies or to enforce the will of the state against other states .

Thus wars result from authoritarian government , while the peaceful conduct of foreign affairs is a function of liberal democracy — for if the people are properly informed on foreign-policy issues they will choose peace over war .
thus wars result from authoritarian government , while the peaceful conduct of foreign affairs is a [purpose] of liberal democracy — for if the people are properly informed on foreign-policy issues they will choose peace over war .

Financial reports in all organizations have traditionally emphasized the stewardship function .
financial reports in all organizations have traditionally emphasized the stewardship [purpose] .

Generally speaking , we can say that for nationalized industries the accounting standard-setting function of the law relates to the form of published accounts ; while responsibility for the content is abrogated to the accounting profession ( because ‘ true and fair ’ is defined by professional pronouncements ) .
generally speaking , we can say that for nationalized industries the accounting standard-setting [purpose] of the law relates to the form of published accounts ; while responsibility for the content is abrogated to the accounting profession ( because ‘ true and fair ’ is defined by professional pronouncements ) .

It is no exaggeration to say that this function of the budget shifts the emphasis away from the ‘ actual ’ results as recorded in the financial accounts , towards the budget .
it is no exaggeration to say that this [purpose] of the budget shifts the emphasis away from the ‘ actual ’ results as recorded in the financial accounts , towards the budget .

Although this subjectivity is not boundless , because of the audit function and accounting standards , nevertheless it can be used to distort accounting information rather than provide a ‘ truer ’ picture .
although this subjectivity is not boundless , because of the audit [purpose] and accounting standards , nevertheless it can be used to distort accounting information rather than provide a ‘ truer ’ picture .

The primary function of commitment accounting is in fact in budgetary control .
the primary [purpose] of commitment accounting is in fact in budgetary control .

Because this is its primary function , commitment accounting concentrates on orders issued .
because this is its primary [purpose] , commitment accounting concentrates on orders issued .

We have said that depreciation in business can perform the function of maintaining capital .
we have said that depreciation in business can perform the [purpose] of maintaining capital .

Charging principal repayments in lieu of depreciation does not perform the same function in a local authority .
charging principal repayments in lieu of depreciation does not perform the same [purpose] in a local authority .

Financial accounting techniques have traditionally been concerned with the stewardship function , narrowly defined .
financial accounting techniques have traditionally been concerned with the stewardship [purpose] , narrowly defined .

The position taken by the accounting profession is that the function of the accounts is to provide verifiable information : what users of that information choose to do with it is a matter for them .
the position taken by the accounting profession is that the [purpose] of the accounts is to provide verifiable information : what users of that information choose to do with it is a matter for them .

‘ An independent appraisal function established by the management of an organization for the review of the internal control system as a service to the organization .
‘ an independent appraisal [purpose] established by the management of an organization for the review of the internal control system as a service to the organization .

Kung fu training is constructed in such a way that each step is dissected by the teacher to reveal its particular function .
kung fu training is constructed in such a way that each step is dissected by the teacher to reveal its particular [purpose] .

Beginners are therefore instructed in the blocking capabilities of the art first , though in effect , of course , defensive movements also have an attacking function .
beginners are therefore instructed in the blocking capabilities of the art first , though in effect , of course , defensive movements also have an attacking [purpose] .

Functional studies were essentially positivist in nature and depended upon the notion that phenomena can be explained as instances of repeated and predictable regularities in which form and function can be assumed to be related , and indeed form and process figured in the titles of a number of books concerned with processes ( e.g .
functional studies were essentially positivist in nature and depended upon the notion that phenomena can be explained as instances of repeated and predictable regularities in which form and [purpose] can be assumed to be related , and indeed form and process figured in the titles of a number of books concerned with processes ( e.g .

At pre-university level the originally dominant historically-based approach has been replaced by teaching which often focuses upon the impact of human activity and upon management considerations but gives much less emphasis to the mechanics and principles of landscape function .
at pre-university level the originally dominant historically-based approach has been replaced by teaching which often focuses upon the impact of human activity and upon management considerations but gives much less emphasis to the mechanics and principles of landscape [purpose] .

Such a stress is converted into the sequence of interest via a rating calibration or transfer function which links the applied stress and material flux or strain .
such a stress is converted into the sequence of interest via a rating calibration or transfer [purpose] which links the applied stress and material flux or strain .

Physical geography is much needed in an urban setting … Cities are a karst topography with sewers performing precisely the function of limestone caves in Yugoslavia , which causes a parched physical environment , especially in city centres ,
physical geography is much needed in an urban setting … cities are a karst topography with sewers performing precisely the [purpose] of limestone caves in yugoslavia , which causes a parched physical environment , especially in city centres ,

Thirdly , ecosystems function as a result of through-put of matter and energy , and in ecology the identification of trophic stages and quantification of food webs and of productivity are exemplars of the way in which the function can be utilized .
thirdly , ecosystems [purpose] as a result of through-put of matter and energy , and in ecology the identification of trophic stages and quantification of food webs and of productivity are exemplars of the way in which the [purpose] can be utilized .

To progress beyond such a static application of systems it is necessary to focus upon the dynamics of the system and in the preceding few pages a number of instances have been cited where physical geographers have already advocated placing emphasis upon the function of the system .
to progress beyond such a static application of systems it is necessary to focus upon the dynamics of the system and in the preceding few pages a number of instances have been cited where physical geographers have already advocated placing emphasis upon the [purpose] of the system .

The natural function of the bassoon is to provide the bass of the woodwind group , but it is frequently used as a melodic instrument , both ‘ solo ’ and when doubled in the upper octave by another wind instrument or sometimes by the violins .
the natural [purpose] of the bassoon is to provide the bass of the woodwind group , but it is frequently used as a melodic instrument , both ‘ solo ’ and when doubled in the upper octave by another wind instrument or sometimes by the violins .

The function of the double bassoon is to add weight to the bass .
the [purpose] of the double bassoon is to add weight to the bass .

The horn is fitted with three valves or pistons and it is the function of these valves to lower the pitch of the instrument in varying degrees by opening up fresh lengths of tube .
the horn is fitted with three valves or pistons and it is the [purpose] of these valves to lower the pitch of the instrument in varying degrees by opening up fresh lengths of tube .

It is a mistake to imagine that the sole function of the trombones is to make an overwhelming noise .
it is a mistake to imagine that the sole [purpose] of the trombones is to make an overwhelming noise .

Its everyday function is to provide a strong , firm bass to the trumpet-trombone group .
its everyday [purpose] is to provide a strong , firm bass to the trumpet-trombone group .

Their function is to supply realism or local colour , and for these purposes their use is perfectly legitimate .
their [purpose] is to supply realism or local colour , and for these purposes their use is perfectly legitimate .

Functions-many organisations are divided into departments centred around the function that they perform such as personnel , finance , research and marketing .
functions-many organisations are divided into departments centred around the [purpose] that they perform such as personnel , finance , research and marketing .

In the private sector , an organisation 's corporate identity may perform this function and will contain such phrases as ‘ service with a smile ’ , ‘ the customer is always right ’ , ‘ the ultimate driving machine ’ , and so on .
in the private sector , an organisation 's corporate identity may perform this [purpose] and will contain such phrases as ‘ service with a smile ’ , ‘ the customer is always right ’ , ‘ the ultimate driving machine ’ , and so on .

Information Organisations rely upon information in order to function and it is likely that the individual or group that has control over information will have power .
information organisations rely upon information in order to [purpose] and it is likely that the individual or group that has control over information will have power .

The power of such groups will be enhanced if the organisation requires their expertise in order to function .
the power of such groups will be enhanced if the organisation requires their expertise in order to [purpose] .

As we saw in Chapter 5 , McGregor argued that the style of management adopted is a function of the manager 's attitudes and assumptions about human nature .
as we saw in chapter 5 , mcgregor argued that the style of management adopted is a [purpose] of the manager 's attitudes and assumptions about human nature .

The motivation to perform is seen as a function of the beliefs that individuals have concerning future rewards multiplied by the value they place on those rewards .
the motivation to perform is seen as a [purpose] of the beliefs that individuals have concerning future rewards multiplied by the value they place on those rewards .

The high degree of specialisation in terms of function , the implications of departmentalism and the inadequacy of management information all mitigate against rational decision making .
the high degree of specialisation in terms of [purpose] , the implications of departmentalism and the inadequacy of management information all mitigate against rational decision making .

If voices were to end at the same time as their canonic function ended they would fall out one by one , as in a round .
if voices were to end at the same time as their canonic [purpose] ended they would fall out one by one , as in a round .

It has had to be coined because no other term adequately describes its function .
it has had to be coined because no other term adequately describes its [purpose] .

Quite apart from the communication of information of all kinds which is the function of radio , television and the press , more and more time is being devoted to the provision of general and specific advice , usually at the request of individuals .
quite apart from the communication of information of all kinds which is the [purpose] of radio , television and the press , more and more time is being devoted to the provision of general and specific advice , usually at the request of individuals .

The information function is performed through the magazine Which ?
the information [purpose] is performed through the magazine which ?

As there are many centres , so there are many different ways of operating , but in a survey conducted for the Royal Commission an extract from a document prepared by the Legal Action Group was found helpful , not only for the description of law centres , but also for the distinction it drew between their function and that of legal advice centres .
as there are many centres , so there are many different ways of operating , but in a survey conducted for the royal commission an extract from a document prepared by the legal action group was found helpful , not only for the description of law centres , but also for the distinction it drew between their [purpose] and that of legal advice centres .

Its general function is that of securing that advice , assistance and representation are available in accordance with the Act and of administering the Act .
its general [purpose] is that of securing that advice , assistance and representation are available in accordance with the act and of administering the act .

The function of the impartial mediator or conciliator may be described as to act as a catalyst to ensure that negotiation does take place and that the issues are confronted and as a facilitator to enable an agreement which both parties can perceive to be fair .
the [purpose] of the impartial mediator or conciliator may be described as to act as a catalyst to ensure that negotiation does take place and that the issues are confronted and as a facilitator to enable an agreement which both parties can perceive to be fair .

The function of the pre-trial review is made clear by the instructions to the district judge whereby he or she is required to ‘ … give all such directions as appear to be necessary or desirable for securing the just expeditious and economical disposal of the action or matter .
the [purpose] of the pre-trial review is made clear by the instructions to the district judge whereby he or she is required to ‘ … give all such directions as appear to be necessary or desirable for securing the just expeditious and economical disposal of the action or matter .

In clinical case management there is a recognition that the worker is an important resource , and an awareness that the process of assessment and reassessment is a crucial function , to be discharged by someone who knows the client really well over a long period of time .
in clinical case management there is a recognition that the worker is an important resource , and an awareness that the process of assessment and reassessment is a crucial [purpose] , to be discharged by someone who knows the client really well over a long period of time .

The gatekeeping function of the care programme approach could neglect the needs of other service users , ‘ Who defines needs also determines whether they are met ’ .
the gatekeeping [purpose] of the care programme approach could neglect the needs of other service users , ‘ who defines needs also determines whether they are met ’ .

In animals it had marked effects on autonomic function , reduced motor activity and had marked anticholinergic properties .
in animals it had marked effects on autonomic [purpose] , reduced motor activity and had marked anticholinergic properties .

If symptoms and cognitive function were not dissociable then clozapine , noted for improving symptoms , should also lead to improvements in cognitive function .
if symptoms and cognitive [purpose] were not dissociable then clozapine , noted for improving symptoms , should also lead to improvements in cognitive [purpose] .

Primitive and mediaeval ‘ sacral art ’ fulfilled a cultic function , whereas its successor , ‘ courtly art ’ of the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries , functioned to promote ‘ sociability ’ among the courtier class .
primitive and mediaeval ‘ sacral art ’ fulfilled a cultic [purpose] , whereas its successor , ‘ courtly art ’ of the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries , functioned to promote ‘ sociability ’ among the courtier class .

She ( 1967 , p. 300 ) broke with such an implicitly Arnoldian view of art as a ‘ criticism of life ’ and instead endorsed a Nietzschean aesthetic in which even ideas should function as ‘ sensory stimulants ’ and in which art is an extension of or a ‘ supplement ’ to life .
she ( 1967 , p. 300 ) broke with such an implicitly arnoldian view of art as a ‘ criticism of life ’ and instead endorsed a nietzschean aesthetic in which even ideas should [purpose] as ‘ sensory stimulants ’ and in which art is an extension of or a ‘ supplement ’ to life .

In all of these renderings , signifiers function as referents or les mots as les choses .
in all of these renderings , signifiers [purpose] as referents or les mots as les choses .

( 3 ) If in contemporary pragmatics , the signified begins to wither away and the signifier to function as a referent , in surrealism ( and to this extent surrealism is postmodern ) the referent functions as a signifier .
( 3 ) if in contemporary pragmatics , the signified begins to wither away and the signifier to [purpose] as a referent , in surrealism ( and to this extent surrealism is postmodern ) the referent functions as a signifier .

Thus the decorative sumptuousness of the no longer oppositional , visual arts was matched by monumentalism , baroque self-indulgence , and primacy of symbol over function in Vienna 's built environment .
thus the decorative sumptuousness of the no longer oppositional , visual arts was matched by monumentalism , baroque self-indulgence , and primacy of symbol over [purpose] in vienna 's built environment .

Second , the fields themselves function as structures .
second , the fields themselves [purpose] as structures .

The function of the European Legislation Committee set up in December 1972 was therefore confined to determining which proposals were legally important or politically important and to advising which of these should be debated by the full House .
the [purpose] of the european legislation committee set up in december 1972 was therefore confined to determining which proposals were legally important or politically important and to advising which of these should be debated by the full house .

This was an essential function , but limited to scope .
this was an essential [purpose] , but limited to scope .

The function of the check
the [purpose] of the check

Some builders , as we have seen , working later than Cristofori , put in their actions something resembling a check but which could not function as a true check .
some builders , as we have seen , working later than cristofori , put in their actions something resembling a check but which could not [purpose] as a true check .

Recent authors , mentioned above , distinguish between Stein 's German action and Walter 's Viennese action because in detail their escapements do not function in quite the same way .
recent authors , mentioned above , distinguish between stein 's german action and walter 's viennese action because in detail their escapements do not [purpose] in quite the same way .

In Kober 's pianos the check could only function as a hammer rest and not as a true check because the hammer pointed towards the player .
in kober 's pianos the check could only [purpose] as a hammer rest and not as a true check because the hammer pointed towards the player .

… if the law deems the woman to have consented to the act despite ample evidence of threats which rendered her submissive but non-consenting , then the law can not be said to be serving its true function of protecting individuals from the imposition of non-consensual sexual intercourse .
… if the law deems the woman to have consented to the act despite ample evidence of threats which rendered her submissive but non-consenting , then the law can not be said to be serving its true [purpose] of protecting individuals from the imposition of non-consensual sexual intercourse .

‘ Far from pretending that wives are in general no better treated than slaves … no slave is a slave to the same lengths and in so full a sense of the word as a wife is [ for her husband ] can claim from her and enforce the lowest degradation of a human being , that of being made the instrument of an animal function contrary to her inclinations .
‘ far from pretending that wives are in general no better treated than slaves … no slave is a slave to the same lengths and in so full a sense of the word as a wife is [ for her husband ] can claim from her and enforce the lowest degradation of a human being , that of being made the instrument of an animal [purpose] contrary to her inclinations .

Furthermore , it is perceived to have an educative and symbolic function as well as a practical one .
furthermore , it is perceived to have an educative and symbolic [purpose] as well as a practical one .

Thus , the New South Wales statute was designed to ‘ serve an educative function in further changing community attitudes to sexual assault .
thus , the new south wales statute was designed to ‘ serve an educative [purpose] in further changing community attitudes to sexual assault .

’ Those advocating reform along broadly similar lines have also stressed the importance of this educational function .
’ those advocating reform along broadly similar lines have also stressed the importance of this educational [purpose] .

It occurred to him that the small squares and staggered alleys might have a practical as well as an aesthetic function .
it occurred to him that the small squares and staggered alleys might have a practical as well as an aesthetic [purpose] .

As Robert points out this is the first time that this function has been run as a single corporate entity .
as robert points out this is the first time that this [purpose] has been run as a single corporate entity .

However , it is acknowledged that caretakers and cleaning staff , among others , need to function in these circumstances and managers must keep such situations under review .
however , it is acknowledged that caretakers and cleaning staff , among others , need to [purpose] in these circumstances and managers must keep such situations under review .

Over the next few years there will be changes in the structures of Lothian and Borders Police and Regional Council Departments which will affect various elements of the delivery of the road safety function .
over the next few years there will be changes in the structures of lothian and borders police and regional council departments which will affect various elements of the delivery of the road safety [purpose] .

‘ Form , function and formula ’ by Alan Marchbank ;
‘ form , [purpose] and formula ’ by alan marchbank ;

Sixty eight children enjoyed this function with ‘ Uncle Leslie– proving the star attraction .
sixty eight children enjoyed this [purpose] with ‘ uncle leslie– proving the star attraction .

It is anticipated that there will be a sell out for this function .
it is anticipated that there will be a sell out for this [purpose] .

Due to lack of response this function was cancelled .
due to lack of response this [purpose] was cancelled .

We believe that the Government should establish an appropriate body to carry out this function and ensure a consistent approach across all the bodies covered by the procedures .
we believe that the government should establish an appropriate body to carry out this [purpose] and ensure a consistent approach across all the bodies covered by the procedures .

We accept that it is not the function of the planning system to preserve existing commercial interests or to inhibit competition between different methods of retailing .
we accept that it is not the [purpose] of the planning system to preserve existing commercial interests or to inhibit competition between different methods of retailing .

Like every other company in the oil industry , we ca n't operate in isolation from the factors that control the world oil business and we have to respond in a positive way by managing the business in line with the economic circumstances in which we must function .
like every other company in the oil industry , we ca n't operate in isolation from the factors that control the world oil business and we have to respond in a positive way by managing the business in line with the economic circumstances in which we must [purpose] .

To the extent that Catholic Secondary School pupils have received the Sacraments of Initiation and are living in a community of faith , catechesis can validly be said to be a function of the Catholic School .
to the extent that catholic secondary school pupils have received the sacraments of initiation and are living in a community of faith , catechesis can validly be said to be a [purpose] of the catholic school .

As indicated above , the environment in which Catholic religious education takes place is important if religious education is to perform its function as a mode of catechesis .
as indicated above , the environment in which catholic religious education takes place is important if religious education is to perform its [purpose] as a mode of catechesis .

Both can be partially addressed in terms of correlates : `` subject and technique `` or `` structure and function `` , for example .
both can be partially addressed in terms of correlates : `` subject and technique `` or `` structure and [purpose] `` , for example .

For our purposes , the averaging leaves p as a function of position ( with some coarse-graining on the optical wavelength scale ) and velocity component , v , parallel to the optical propagation direction ( z-direction ) .
for our purposes , the averaging leaves p as a [purpose] of position ( with some coarse-graining on the optical wavelength scale ) and velocity component , v , parallel to the optical propagation direction ( z-direction ) .

For a linear driven oscillator , these responses correspond to the complementary function ( here a growing exponential because of the gain ) and the particular solution , respectively .
for a linear driven oscillator , these responses correspond to the complementary [purpose] ( here a growing exponential because of the gain ) and the particular solution , respectively .

Dealing first with finite time constant , perturbation theory readily leads to the conclusion that the gain spectrum of four-wave mixing becomes Lorenzian , with halfwidth y , and the associated dispersion means that the free spectral range becomes a function of frequency .
dealing first with finite time constant , perturbation theory readily leads to the conclusion that the gain spectrum of four-wave mixing becomes lorenzian , with halfwidth y , and the associated dispersion means that the free spectral range becomes a [purpose] of frequency .

We can then think of a theory as a function in the mathematical sense , which assigns one set of entities ( the domain ) to another set of entities ( the range ) , and the question is , what are these sets of entities ?
we can then think of a theory as a [purpose] in the mathematical sense , which assigns one set of entities ( the domain ) to another set of entities ( the range ) , and the question is , what are these sets of entities ?

Since a sentence plus its context of use can be called an utterance , Katz 's suggestion amounts to the idea that a pragmatic theory is a function whose domain is the set of utterances and whose range is the set of propositions .
since a sentence plus its context of use can be called an utterance , katz 's suggestion amounts to the idea that a pragmatic theory is a [purpose] whose domain is the set of utterances and whose range is the set of propositions .

He suggests that the functions of speech can be to focus on any of the six basic components of the communicational event : thus the referential function focuses on the referential content of the message , the emotive function on the speaker 's state , the conative function on the speaker 's wishes that the addressee do or think such-and-such , the metalinguistic function on the code being used , the phatic function on the channel ( establishment and maintainance of contact ) , and the Poetic function on the way in which the message is encoded .
he suggests that the functions of speech can be to focus on any of the six basic components of the communicational event : thus the referential [purpose] focuses on the referential content of the message , the emotive [purpose] on the speaker 's state , the conative [purpose] on the speaker 's wishes that the addressee do or think such-and-such , the metalinguistic [purpose] on the code being used , the phatic [purpose] on the channel ( establishment and maintainance of contact ) , and the poetic [purpose] on the way in which the message is encoded .

Another way of handling indexicals is to think of the specification of the content of an utterance as a two stage affair : the `` meaning `` of an utterance is a function from contexts ( sets of indices ) to propositions , which are in turn functions from possible worlds to truth values ( Montague , 1970 ; Stalnaker , 1972 ) .
another way of handling indexicals is to think of the specification of the content of an utterance as a two stage affair : the `` meaning `` of an utterance is a [purpose] from contexts ( sets of indices ) to propositions , which are in turn functions from possible worlds to truth values ( montague , 1970 ; stalnaker , 1972 ) .

The same function seems to be performed in English , and in other relatively fixed word-order languages , by word-order changes .
the same [purpose] seems to be performed in english , and in other relatively fixed word-order languages , by word-order changes .

As we saw in section 2.1 , we can not state the truth conditions of sentences with indexicals without reference to the deictic function of indexicals ; but if we allow truth conditions to be relativized to speakers , addressees , times , places , indicated objects , etc .
as we saw in section 2.1 , we can not state the truth conditions of sentences with indexicals without reference to the deictic [purpose] of indexicals ; but if we allow truth conditions to be relativized to speakers , addressees , times , places , indicated objects , etc .

The criticisms contained in the report are expected to cause considerable embarrassment to the government , which maintains that since energy saving reduces costs it will come about naturally if market forces are allowed to function without interference .
the criticisms contained in the report are expected to cause considerable embarrassment to the government , which maintains that since energy saving reduces costs it will come about naturally if market forces are allowed to [purpose] without interference .

Cell fusion and genetic research at Oxford over the past two decades have shown that malignancy and the ability of tumours to spread and kill an animal can be suppressed by the function of normal cellular genes .
cell fusion and genetic research at oxford over the past two decades have shown that malignancy and the ability of tumours to spread and kill an animal can be suppressed by the [purpose] of normal cellular genes .

Majority voting on a wide range of social and environmental issues will be needed for an enlarged Community to function .
majority voting on a wide range of social and environmental issues will be needed for an enlarged community to [purpose] .

To help in this process , the research is based on the idea of ‘ form and function ’ , looking at how much the appearance of houses and household goods is influenced by the purposes for which they are used , and how much by other factors .
to help in this process , the research is based on the idea of ‘ form and [purpose] ’ , looking at how much the appearance of houses and household goods is influenced by the purposes for which they are used , and how much by other factors .

My enjoyment ( pI ) of the text is a function of the amount of effort involved , as outlined above , as well as my judgement of the effort involved in the text 's production ( cU ) .
my enjoyment ( pi ) of the text is a [purpose] of the amount of effort involved , as outlined above , as well as my judgement of the effort involved in the text 's production ( cu ) .

As with the accountant the person performing the function of the surveyor should be professionally qualified and the following proviso should be added : Provided that the person who purports to act as the Surveyor must be an Associate or Fellow of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors or an Associate or Fellow of the Incorporated Society of Valuers and Auctioneers
as with the accountant the person performing the [purpose] of the surveyor should be professionally qualified and the following proviso should be added : provided that the person who purports to act as the surveyor must be an associate or fellow of the royal institution of chartered surveyors or an associate or fellow of the incorporated society of valuers and auctioneers

This article examines the function of deixis in a specific literary genre , the lyric poem .
this article examines the [purpose] of deixis in a specific literary genre , the lyric poem .

Theoretical considerations , such as the relation of deixis to semantics and pragmatics , and the various types of deictic meaning , are discussed , and a cline of deictic activity , a point on which any text must function , is described .
theoretical considerations , such as the relation of deixis to semantics and pragmatics , and the various types of deictic meaning , are discussed , and a cline of deictic activity , a point on which any text must [purpose] , is described .

They also function from the perspective of the encoder or utterer and are thus significantly grammaticalised in the language .
they also [purpose] from the perspective of the encoder or utterer and are thus significantly grammaticalised in the language .

Rauh finally notes a kind of deixis which is not central to my analysis , but which reflects the problems involved in trying to isolate deictic function .
rauh finally notes a kind of deixis which is not central to my analysis , but which reflects the problems involved in trying to isolate deictic [purpose] .

They tend to suggest homophoric or anaphoric reference , although their function is not straightforward . ``
they tend to suggest homophoric or anaphoric reference , although their [purpose] is not straightforward . ``

The subsequent information is in fact redundant with respect to deictic function .
the subsequent information is in fact redundant with respect to deictic [purpose] .

This is partly evident in my initial example of the `` backward-looking `` function of the deictic element 'shin `` d `` ( line 2 ) , but lyric poetry is also a genre where such referents are continually introduced .
this is partly evident in my initial example of the `` backward-looking `` [purpose] of the deictic element 'shin `` d `` ( line 2 ) , but lyric poetry is also a genre where such referents are continually introduced .

The article is unmarked as regards spatio-temporal relations ; so the function of deictic reference is to set up a continual spatial , temporal and subjective opposition between proximal and distal relations .
the article is unmarked as regards spatio-temporal relations ; so the [purpose] of deictic reference is to set up a continual spatial , temporal and subjective opposition between proximal and distal relations .

They either function as addressees , marking the important `` conversational `` or `` interpersonal `` character of the Odes , or they are figures from the world of gods and heroes .
they either [purpose] as addressees , marking the important `` conversational `` or `` interpersonal `` character of the odes , or they are figures from the world of gods and heroes .

( a ) Exchange Despite the fact that implicit in any definition of money is the element of exchange , English law has traditionally distinguished between sale and exchange disregarding the equivalence of economic function .
( a ) exchange despite the fact that implicit in any definition of money is the element of exchange , english law has traditionally distinguished between sale and exchange disregarding the equivalence of economic [purpose] .

The new test replaces the usability test with an acceptability one which makes clear that breaches will not be confined to those which impair the use or function of the product but extend to other factors that a reasonable person would take into account .
the new test replaces the usability test with an acceptability one which makes clear that breaches will not be confined to those which impair the use or [purpose] of the product but extend to other factors that a reasonable person would take into account .

supply `` is defined in s46 to include : ( a ) selling , hiring out or lending the goods ; ( b ) entering into a hire-purchase agreement to furnish the goods ; ( c ) the performance of any contract for work and materials to furnish the goods ; ( d ) providing the goods in exchange for any consideration ( including trading stamps ) other than money ; ( e ) providing the goods in or in connection with the performance of any statutory function ; or ( f ) giving the goods as a prize or otherwise making a gift of the goods .
supply `` is defined in s46 to include : ( a ) selling , hiring out or lending the goods ; ( b ) entering into a hire-purchase agreement to furnish the goods ; ( c ) the performance of any contract for work and materials to furnish the goods ; ( d ) providing the goods in exchange for any consideration ( including trading stamps ) other than money ; ( e ) providing the goods in or in connection with the performance of any statutory [purpose] ; or ( f ) giving the goods as a prize or otherwise making a gift of the goods .

where they perform a referential function .
where they perform a referential [purpose] .

The speaking voices or personae who function as the subjects of the fictional enunciations can not be straightforwardly identified with real-life authors but are essentially poetic constructs , resulting from the interpretative engagement of the reader with the language of the text ( Herman 1989 ) .
the speaking voices or personae who [purpose] as the subjects of the fictional enunciations can not be straightforwardly identified with real-life authors but are essentially poetic constructs , resulting from the interpretative engagement of the reader with the language of the text ( herman 1989 ) .

An exchange 's rulebook , and the exchange 's function generally , is distinguished from most commercial contracts by its multilateral nature .
an exchange 's rulebook , and the exchange 's [purpose] generally , is distinguished from most commercial contracts by its multilateral nature .

By these means a court can look at the purpose or function of a rule .
by these means a court can look at the purpose or [purpose] of a rule .

The 1959 Obscene Publications Act emerged from a simplistic notion that sexual material could be divided into two classes , `` literature `` and `` pornography `` , and the function of the new statutory definition of obscenity was to enable juries and magistrates to make the distinction between them .
the 1959 obscene publications act emerged from a simplistic notion that sexual material could be divided into two classes , `` literature `` and `` pornography `` , and the [purpose] of the new statutory definition of obscenity was to enable juries and magistrates to make the distinction between them .

According to Willie van Peer 's introductory statement , the book is intended to promote a reconciliation between literary and linguistic approaches to the study of literature , and , more specifically , to provide a much-needed contribution in three fundamental directions : first , the development of a theory of textuality which accounts both for the way in which all texts function in society and for the differences between literary and non-literary texts ; secondly , the construction of a model of literary communication that gives an adequate account of the complexities involved in the production and reception of literary texts ; and thirdly , the development of more explicit and comprehensive accounts of the ways in which formal and contextual factors interact in the process of deriving interpretations from texts .
according to willie van peer 's introductory statement , the book is intended to promote a reconciliation between literary and linguistic approaches to the study of literature , and , more specifically , to provide a much-needed contribution in three fundamental directions : first , the development of a theory of textuality which accounts both for the way in which all texts [purpose] in society and for the differences between literary and non-literary texts ; secondly , the construction of a model of literary communication that gives an adequate account of the complexities involved in the production and reception of literary texts ; and thirdly , the development of more explicit and comprehensive accounts of the ways in which formal and contextual factors interact in the process of deriving interpretations from texts .

The final section of the book , `` Form and function `` , contains a variety of approaches to the problem of the switch from description to interpretation in the analysis of texts .
the final section of the book , `` form and [purpose] `` , contains a variety of approaches to the problem of the switch from description to interpretation in the analysis of texts .

Such a widening of perspectives obviously leaves no place for the by now out-dated claim concerning the objective nature of linguistic analysis , but it opens up a whole range of stimulating opportunities for the exploration of the ways texts function in society .
such a widening of perspectives obviously leaves no place for the by now out-dated claim concerning the objective nature of linguistic analysis , but it opens up a whole range of stimulating opportunities for the exploration of the ways texts [purpose] in society .

Their function is not known , but it is suggested that they may be used to pin a patch of mucosa in position during feeding , or that they may prevent the entry of foreign matter into the buccal capsule when the worm has detached from the mucosa .
their [purpose] is not known , but it is suggested that they may be used to pin a patch of mucosa in position during feeding , or that they may prevent the entry of foreign matter into the buccal capsule when the worm has detached from the mucosa .

Their function may be sensory or supportive .
their [purpose] may be sensory or supportive .

The main function of nematode haemoglobin is thought to be to transport oxygen , acquired by diffusion through the cuticle or gut , into the tissues ; blood-sucking worms presumably ingest a considerable amount of oxygenated nutrients in their diet .
the main [purpose] of nematode haemoglobin is thought to be to transport oxygen , acquired by diffusion through the cuticle or gut , into the tissues ; blood-sucking worms presumably ingest a considerable amount of oxygenated nutrients in their diet .

She was trembling now , partly with rage , yet partly also with the wild mix of hate and desire his touch seemed to arouse , but she forced her trembling lips to function , demanding , ‘ Age ? What 's age got to do with it ? ’
she was trembling now , partly with rage , yet partly also with the wild mix of hate and desire his touch seemed to arouse , but she forced her trembling lips to [purpose] , demanding , ‘ age ? what 's age got to do with it ? ’

Procedures and functions are similar to subroutines in that they are `` bits `` of program which perform a discrete function .
procedures and functions are similar to subroutines in that they are `` bits `` of program which perform a discrete [purpose] .

However , they have 2 great advantages over subroutines : you can refer to them by name and the variables used within them can be made private to the procedure or function .
however , they have 2 great advantages over subroutines : you can refer to them by name and the variables used within them can be made private to the procedure or [purpose] .

It may seem hardly worth while defining a function to do something this simple .
it may seem hardly worth while defining a [purpose] to do something this simple .

Function and procedure names may end with a `` $ `` .
[purpose] and procedure names may end with a `` $ `` .

The `` body `` of a procedure or function must not be executed directly — it must be performed ( called ) by another part of the program .
the `` body `` of a procedure or [purpose] must not be executed directly — it must be performed ( called ) by another part of the program .

The first example below defines a function which returns the average of 2 numbers .
the first example below defines a [purpose] which returns the average of 2 numbers .

When you define a procedure or a function , you list the parameters to be passed to it in brackets .
when you define a procedure or a [purpose] , you list the parameters to be passed to it in brackets .

The function definition would then look something like this : In this case , to use the function we would need to pass 2 parameters .
the [purpose] definition would then look something like this : in this case , to use the [purpose] we would need to pass 2 parameters .

The value of the first parameter in the line using the procedure or function is passed to the first variable named in the parameter list in the definition , the second to the second , and so on .
the value of the first parameter in the line using the procedure or [purpose] is passed to the first variable named in the parameter list in the definition , the second to the second , and so on .

The parameters declared in the definition are called `` formal parameters `` and the values passed in the lines which perform ( call ) the procedure or function are called `` actual parameters `` .
the parameters declared in the definition are called `` formal parameters `` and the values passed in the lines which perform ( call ) the procedure or [purpose] are called `` actual parameters `` .

You can pass a mix of string an numeric parameters to the same procedure or function and a function can return either a string or numeric value , irrespective of the type of parameters passed to it .
you can pass a mix of string an numeric parameters to the same procedure or [purpose] and a [purpose] can return either a string or numeric value , irrespective of the type of parameters passed to it .

The use of a function call to incorporate the code provides a neat way of incorporating the macro within the program and allows parameters to be passed to it .
the use of a [purpose] call to incorporate the code provides a neat way of incorporating the macro within the program and allows parameters to be passed to it .

This function converts negative numbers into positive ones .
this [purpose] converts negative numbers into positive ones .

You can use this function to check that a calculated answer is within certain limits of a specified value .
you can use this [purpose] to check that a calculated answer is within certain limits of a specified value .

If you know the cosine of the angle , this function will tell you the angle ( in radians ) .
if you know the cosine of the angle , this [purpose] will tell you the angle ( in radians ) .

If you know the sine of the angle , this function will tell you the angle ( in radians ) .
if you know the sine of the angle , this [purpose] will tell you the angle ( in radians ) .

If you know the tangent of the angle , this function will tell you the angle ( in radians ) .
if you know the tangent of the angle , this [purpose] will tell you the angle ( in radians ) .

This function returns the cosine of an angle .
this [purpose] returns the cosine of an angle .

There is no speed advantage to be gained by placing function or procedure definitions at the start of the program .
there is no speed advantage to be gained by placing [purpose] or procedure definitions at the start of the program .

Function and procedure names may end with a `` $ `` .
[purpose] and procedure names may end with a `` $ `` .

You can use this function to convert an angle expressed in radians to degrees .
you can use this [purpose] to convert an angle expressed in radians to degrees .

You can use this function to give the `` whole number `` part of the answer to a division .
you can use this [purpose] to give the `` whole number `` part of the answer to a division .

You can use this function to accept and evaluate an expression , such as a mathematical equation , whilst the program is running .
you can use this [purpose] to accept and evaluate an expression , such as a mathematical equation , whilst the program is running .

If there are spaces between the function name and the opening bracket of the parameter list ( if any ) they must be present both in the definition and the call .
if there are spaces between the [purpose] name and the opening bracket of the parameter list ( if any ) they must be present both in the definition and the call .

It 's safer not to have spaces between the function name and the opening bracket .
it 's safer not to have spaces between the [purpose] name and the opening bracket .

The first 2 examples are single line function definitions .
the first 2 examples are single line [purpose] definitions .

The following function sets the print control variable to the parameter passed and returns a null string .
the following [purpose] sets the print control variable to the parameter passed and returns a null string .

Functions have to return an answer , but the value returned by this function is a null string .
functions have to return an answer , but the value returned by this [purpose] is a null string .

You can use this function to wait for a specified time for a key to be pressed .
you can use this [purpose] to wait for a specified time for a key to be pressed .

This function converts a real number ( one with a decimal part ) to the nearest integer ( whole number ) less than the number supplied . Thus
this [purpose] converts a real number ( one with a decimal part ) to the nearest integer ( whole number ) less than the number supplied . thus

This function `` counts `` the number of characters in a string .
this [purpose] `` counts `` the number of characters in a string .

This function gives the logarithm to the base `` e `` of its argument .
this [purpose] gives the logarithm to the base `` e `` of its argument .

Thus function calculates the common ( base 10 ) logarithm of its argument .
thus [purpose] calculates the common ( base 10 ) logarithm of its argument .

You can use this function to select any part of a string .
you can use this [purpose] to select any part of a string .

Format Range Control Function
format range control [purpose]

Format Range Control Function
format range control [purpose]

You can use this function to determine whether a number is positive , negative or zero .
you can use this [purpose] to determine whether a number is positive , negative or zero .

This function returns the sine of an angle .
this [purpose] returns the sine of an angle .

This function returns the tangent of an angle .
this [purpose] returns the tangent of an angle .

This section lists and briefly describes the control codes and their function .
this section lists and briefly describes the control codes and their [purpose] .

The first is the easiest to remember since it uses characters that are related to the name of the function the sequences is performing ( as mnemonic ) .
the first is the easiest to remember since it uses characters that are related to the name of the [purpose] the sequences is performing ( as mnemonic ) .

If you wish to delete more than one file , you should use the `` Erase `` function of the `` Filer `` .
if you wish to delete more than one file , you should use the `` erase `` [purpose] of the `` filer `` .

The interpretive attitude needs paradigms to function effectively , but these need not be matters of convention .
the interpretive attitude needs paradigms to [purpose] effectively , but these need not be matters of convention .

For we can easily imagine a legislative structure that would produce compromise statutes mechanically , as a function of the different opinions about strict liability or racial discrimination or abortion among the various legislators , without any legislator being asked or required to vote for the compromise as a package .
for we can easily imagine a legislative structure that would produce compromise statutes mechanically , as a [purpose] of the different opinions about strict liability or racial discrimination or abortion among the various legislators , without any legislator being asked or required to vote for the compromise as a package .

This was a primary function of the `` sympathizing mass organizations `` , which looked like liberal reforming societies , but were invariably managed and funded by the Communist Party .
this was a primary [purpose] of the `` sympathizing mass organizations `` , which looked like liberal reforming societies , but were invariably managed and funded by the communist party .

This allows the user to use a number of `` function icons `` which are displayed at the side of the screen .
this allows the user to use a number of `` [purpose] icons `` which are displayed at the side of the screen .

Harry Martin maintained a high profile in the town , attending every major function , but there was little written about his business dealings .
harry martin maintained a high profile in the town , attending every major [purpose] , but there was little written about his business dealings .

They worked steadily for the rest of the morning on the management medicals , Rachel and Nina checking weight , testing urine for any signs of sugar diabetes , taking blood samples to test haemoglobin , thyroid function , liver function and cholesterol levels and checking blood-pressure for hypertension .
they worked steadily for the rest of the morning on the management medicals , rachel and nina checking weight , testing urine for any signs of sugar diabetes , taking blood samples to test haemoglobin , thyroid [purpose] , liver [purpose] and cholesterol levels and checking blood-pressure for hypertension .

It would , however , be misleading to give the impression that the function of planning authorities is simply to fight a continual battle for the preservation of amenity .
it would , however , be misleading to give the impression that the [purpose] of planning authorities is simply to fight a continual battle for the preservation of amenity .

Planning authorities have the positive function of ensuring that mineral deposits are not unnecessarily sterilised by surface development but are kept available for exploitation .
planning authorities have the positive [purpose] of ensuring that mineral deposits are not unnecessarily sterilised by surface development but are kept available for exploitation .

In Scotland , development control is a district or general planning authority function but , as in England , certain powers are allocated to the upper-tier authority .
in scotland , development control is a district or general planning authority [purpose] but , as in england , certain powers are allocated to the upper-tier authority .

This is not to deny that plan-making is a very valuable function of our local authorities ; it is rather to point out that the existing powers to implement their plans are restricted by the price that the market puts on some land , and by the fact that the planners ' resource is in the hands of private owners rather than at the disposal of the community .
this is not to deny that plan-making is a very valuable [purpose] of our local authorities ; it is rather to point out that the existing powers to implement their plans are restricted by the price that the market puts on some land , and by the fact that the planners ' resource is in the hands of private owners rather than at the disposal of the community .

He lists ten factors which he believes research has shown to be related to the incidence of depression : life events ; social support ; developmental object loss ; coping skills ; monoamine depletion ; monoamine oxidase level ; borderline hypothyroid function ; impact of puerperium ; alcoholism ; and familial and genetic factors .
he lists ten factors which he believes research has shown to be related to the incidence of depression : life events ; social support ; developmental object loss ; coping skills ; monoamine depletion ; monoamine oxidase level ; borderline hypothyroid [purpose] ; impact of puerperium ; alcoholism ; and familial and genetic factors .

In psychotic disorder , thinking , emotions , attention and communication can be affected , seriously interfering with the person 's ability to function in a way which might be considered normal .
in psychotic disorder , thinking , emotions , attention and communication can be affected , seriously interfering with the person 's ability to [purpose] in a way which might be considered normal .

One person may function well in most areas of life , but be paranoid and hostile in certain circumstances .
one person may [purpose] well in most areas of life , but be paranoid and hostile in certain circumstances .

Rutter ( 1977 ) has shown that brain-damaged children are at greater risk of psychiatric disorder than undamaged children , possibly due more to abnormal brain activity rather than to a straightforward loss of brain function .
rutter ( 1977 ) has shown that brain-damaged children are at greater risk of psychiatric disorder than undamaged children , possibly due more to abnormal brain activity rather than to a straightforward loss of brain [purpose] .

It seemed that as mothers had usually hitherto had primary responsibility for child care , they were less likely than single fathers to neglect this function when trying to combine it with the role of breadwinner ( Harris et al .
it seemed that as mothers had usually hitherto had primary responsibility for child care , they were less likely than single fathers to neglect this [purpose] when trying to combine it with the role of breadwinner ( harris et al .

Old age , for instance , is a time characterised by frequent losses of one 's peers , a loss of function and independence , health problems and , not infrequently , increasing financial hardship .
old age , for instance , is a time characterised by frequent losses of one 's peers , a loss of [purpose] and independence , health problems and , not infrequently , increasing financial hardship .

He argues , therefore , that social ties may differ radically in function and should not be considered to provide some unitary benefit in terms of concepts such as emotional support .
he argues , therefore , that social ties may differ radically in [purpose] and should not be considered to provide some unitary benefit in terms of concepts such as emotional support .

In this sense cognitive therapy might sometimes serve a preventive function .
in this sense cognitive therapy might sometimes serve a preventive [purpose] .

Then the output from the filter is where is the response function of the filter ; i.e .
then the output from the filter is where is the response [purpose] of the filter ; i.e .

is the output at time t when the input is a delta function at t = 0 .
is the output at time t when the input is a delta [purpose] at t = 0 .

is a fluctuating function and one can measure its mean square , which is where the average is over t , by the procedure of eqn ( 19.1 ) , and so may be taken inside the integration with respect to t ' and t `` .
is a fluctuating [purpose] and one can measure its mean square , which is where the average is over t , by the procedure of eqn ( 19.1 ) , and so may be taken inside the integration with respect to t ' and t `` .

Thus this procedure measures the Fourier transform of the autocorrelation function .
thus this procedure measures the fourier transform of the autocorrelation [purpose] .

Conversely , the observable spectrum function has a value at wavenumber κ χ influenced by all eddies smaller than ( for reasons arising from the fact that only one-dimensional spectra can be observed .
conversely , the observable spectrum [purpose] has a value at wavenumber κ χ influenced by all eddies smaller than ( for reasons arising from the fact that only one-dimensional spectra can be observed .

Hence , only a single function gives the complete specification .
hence , only a single [purpose] gives the complete specification .

Obviously , one would like to use this to determine f as a function of r .
obviously , one would like to use this to determine f as a [purpose] of r .

For turbulence the problem manifests itself as follows : when one formulates an equation for the double correlation function it involves triple correlations , an equation for these involves fourth-order ones ; and so on .
for turbulence the problem manifests itself as follows : when one formulates an equation for the double correlation [purpose] it involves triple correlations , an equation for these involves fourth-order ones ; and so on .

21.23 , which shows the variation of the temperature fluctuations relative to the temperature gradient as a function of Richardson number ( since the geometry was constant , the fact that the ordinate is not non-dimensional is unimportant ) .
21.23 , which shows the variation of the temperature fluctuations relative to the temperature gradient as a [purpose] of richardson number ( since the geometry was constant , the fact that the ordinate is not non-dimensional is unimportant ) .

Val Williams points out that the busy and accomplished women Edis portrays ‘ seem to function forever in an organised unflurried context … her control of light and shade invests interiors with a luminosity which sometimes serves almost to sanctify the participants in her photographs ’ .
val williams points out that the busy and accomplished women edis portrays ‘ seem to [purpose] forever in an organised unflurried context … her control of light and shade invests interiors with a luminosity which sometimes serves almost to sanctify the participants in her photographs ’ .

Money 's main function is as a medium of exchange .
money 's main [purpose] is as a medium of exchange .

They all have the common function of providing a link between those who wish to lend and those who wish to borrow .
they all have the common [purpose] of providing a link between those who wish to lend and those who wish to borrow .

In addition to channelling funds from depositors to borrowers , certain financial institutions have another important function .
in addition to channelling funds from depositors to borrowers , certain financial institutions have another important [purpose] .

Would it be possible for an economy to function without ( a ) a central bank ; ( b ) discount houses ?
would it be possible for an economy to [purpose] without ( a ) a central bank ; ( b ) discount houses ?

Monetarists stress the function of money as a medium of exchange and play down its role as a store of wealth .
monetarists stress the [purpose] of money as a medium of exchange and play down its role as a store of wealth .

The lower the marginal propensity to withdraw ( mpw ) , and hence the flatter the withdrawals function : this will cause a bigger multiplied change in national income and aggregate demand .
the lower the marginal propensity to withdraw ( mpw ) , and hence the flatter the withdrawals [purpose] : this will cause a bigger multiplied change in national income and aggregate demand .

Did the Unit never in fact settle on a simple enough statement of its function to entrust to journalists ?
did the unit never in fact settle on a simple enough statement of its [purpose] to entrust to journalists ?

Again , the male adults of certain danaids ingest material from withered Asclepiadaceae and Apocynaceae before mating and without this their pheromone systems are unable to function adequately to ensure successful mating ; the dihydropyrrolizidines in their odour is similar to the heterocyclic moieties of the plants ' pyrrolizidine alkaloids .
again , the male adults of certain danaids ingest material from withered asclepiadaceae and apocynaceae before mating and without this their pheromone systems are unable to [purpose] adequately to ensure successful mating ; the dihydropyrrolizidines in their odour is similar to the heterocyclic moieties of the plants ' pyrrolizidine alkaloids .

Seedlings of Platypodium elegans ( Leguminosae ) also in central America die of damping off as a function of distance from the mother in their first year , when the mortality rate can be up to 81 % .
seedlings of platypodium elegans ( leguminosae ) also in central america die of damping off as a [purpose] of distance from the mother in their first year , when the mortality rate can be up to 81 % .

advocating a review of the Careers Service , the Council proposed that reform within the existing structure of local authority control of the Careers Service should be examined before committing this function to radical restructuring under other management .
advocating a review of the careers service , the council proposed that reform within the existing structure of local authority control of the careers service should be examined before committing this [purpose] to radical restructuring under other management .

An important function of major-minor contrasts in particular is to underline that essential preoccupation of the lyric theatre , emotional conflict whether this is internal ( as in the soliloquy ) or taking place between two characters .
an important [purpose] of major-minor contrasts in particular is to underline that essential preoccupation of the lyric theatre , emotional conflict whether this is internal ( as in the soliloquy ) or taking place between two characters .

Leonora opened the cupboard and added the cup to a row of others , rather awed by the perfect symmetry of plates in orderly stacks according to size and function .
leonora opened the cupboard and added the cup to a row of others , rather awed by the perfect symmetry of plates in orderly stacks according to size and [purpose] .

Dr Penry Vaughan , she realised with deep misgiving , was pro tem the only other person in her entire world , and , like it or not , he was doomed to play Adam to her Eve until her memory deigned to function again .
dr penry vaughan , she realised with deep misgiving , was pro tem the only other person in her entire world , and , like it or not , he was doomed to play adam to her eve until her memory deigned to [purpose] again .

Excited to find she could just make out traces of narrow fields with dividing banks and walls , she ventured further towards a rounded mound which could well have been an Iron Age barrow , and just beyond it she found the standing stone , where she shivered pleasurably , her imagination running riot about the monolith 's precise function in the days when the settlement had been a live , thriving community .
excited to find she could just make out traces of narrow fields with dividing banks and walls , she ventured further towards a rounded mound which could well have been an iron age barrow , and just beyond it she found the standing stone , where she shivered pleasurably , her imagination running riot about the monolith 's precise [purpose] in the days when the settlement had been a live , thriving community .

Though when some seconds later her brain began to function , ‘ So Lubor was n't teasing when he seemed suprised that you 'd agreed to an interview !
though when some seconds later her brain began to [purpose] , ‘ so lubor was n't teasing when he seemed suprised that you 'd agreed to an interview !

The rate of this modification will be a function of the resistance to weathering and erosion of the volcanic materials laid down , the initial relief created by the volcano and the prevailing climatic environment .
the rate of this modification will be a [purpose] of the resistance to weathering and erosion of the volcanic materials laid down , the initial relief created by the volcano and the prevailing climatic environment .

The form they take is a function of both the viscosity of the magma and the configuration of fractures and other lines of weakness in the country rock .
the form they take is a [purpose] of both the viscosity of the magma and the configuration of fractures and other lines of weakness in the country rock .

Geomorphologists are concerned with the rates at which different weathering processes operate as a function of environmental conditions , and with the nature of the weathered material that is produced .
geomorphologists are concerned with the rates at which different weathering processes operate as a [purpose] of environmental conditions , and with the nature of the weathered material that is produced .

As indicated in Table 6.4 intensity of leaching , and hence the mineralogy of weathering deposits , is largely a function of temperature , precipitation and drainage .
as indicated in table 6.4 intensity of leaching , and hence the mineralogy of weathering deposits , is largely a [purpose] of temperature , precipitation and drainage .

Physical weathering encompasses a range of mechanisms , the relative effectiveness of which are not accurately known but clearly vary significantly as a function of environmental conditions .
physical weathering encompasses a range of mechanisms , the relative effectiveness of which are not accurately known but clearly vary significantly as a [purpose] of environmental conditions .

That is not the function of the historian .
that is not the [purpose] of the historian .

One function of these posts was to sift , summarise and present information to the layers of management above them .
one [purpose] of these posts was to sift , summarise and present information to the layers of management above them .

During a period of active mailing and amendment ( with the system providing version control and appropriate access and editing controls ) the record will be referenced by authorised users utilising both function based and less structured retrieval tools in the communal electronic record system .
during a period of active mailing and amendment ( with the system providing version control and appropriate access and editing controls ) the record will be referenced by authorised users utilising both [purpose] based and less structured retrieval tools in the communal electronic record system .

The Archivist , in turn , would be governed by the 1943 statute that ‘ records of historical value involving the public , shall be preserved , particularly where such material reflects the function , policies , procedures , operations or other activities of the department or because of their information value .
the archivist , in turn , would be governed by the 1943 statute that ‘ records of historical value involving the public , shall be preserved , particularly where such material reflects the [purpose] , policies , procedures , operations or other activities of the department or because of their information value .

Damage in this case does not compromise the primary function , that of producing traction .
damage in this case does not compromise the primary [purpose] , that of producing traction .

We may collectively need to invoke the legal requirements of property law and of such measures as the Environmental Protection Act ( 1990 ) , in order to persuade government that some residual legal responsibilities adhering to the function of the Ordnance Survey require support .
we may collectively need to invoke the legal requirements of property law and of such measures as the environmental protection act ( 1990 ) , in order to persuade government that some residual legal responsibilities adhering to the [purpose] of the ordnance survey require support .

Put in its simplest terms , the function of the industrial-assurance enterprise was to use premium income to employ people to produce actuarially determined risk management ( Campbell-Kelly 1992 ) .
put in its simplest terms , the [purpose] of the industrial-assurance enterprise was to use premium income to employ people to produce actuarially determined risk management ( campbell-kelly 1992 ) .

By the 1870s , full specialisation of function had been achieved and there were eleven functional clerical departments such as claims , correspondence , finance , lapse , policy registration , and so on .
by the 1870s , full specialisation of [purpose] had been achieved and there were eleven functional clerical departments such as claims , correspondence , finance , lapse , policy registration , and so on .

The second function of the knowledge workers was to process operational data to produce strategic information ; this information then enabled board-level decision-making to achieve long-term strategic control .
the second [purpose] of the knowledge workers was to process operational data to produce strategic information ; this information then enabled board-level decision-making to achieve long-term strategic control .

At one extreme , there might be the virtual monoculture of the new agricultural areas , imposed by their orientation towards a remote world market , and intensified , if not created , by the characteristic mechanism of foreign merchant firms in the great port cities which controlled this export trade — the traditional Greeks who ran the Russian corn trade through Odessa , the Bunges and Borns from Hamburg who were about to fulfil the same function for the River Plate countries from Buenos Aires and Montevideo .
at one extreme , there might be the virtual monoculture of the new agricultural areas , imposed by their orientation towards a remote world market , and intensified , if not created , by the characteristic mechanism of foreign merchant firms in the great port cities which controlled this export trade — the traditional greeks who ran the russian corn trade through odessa , the bunges and borns from hamburg who were about to fulfil the same [purpose] for the river plate countries from buenos aires and montevideo .

For its function in the modern economy was not merely to supply food and raw material in rapidly growing quantities , but also to provide a — indeed the — most important reservoir of labour power for the non-agricultural occupations .
for its [purpose] in the modern economy was not merely to supply food and raw material in rapidly growing quantities , but also to provide a — indeed the — most important reservoir of labour power for the non-agricultural occupations .

Its third great function , that of providing the capital for urban and industrial development itself , it could hardly help fulfilling in agrarian countries , where there were few other sources of revenue for governments and the rich ; though it might fulfil it inefficiently and inadequately .
its third great [purpose] , that of providing the capital for urban and industrial development itself , it could hardly help fulfilling in agrarian countries , where there were few other sources of revenue for governments and the rich ; though it might fulfil it inefficiently and inadequately .

Sexual puritanism fulfilled the same function .
sexual puritanism fulfilled the same [purpose] .

a task for which , curiously , she was required to show , or to possess , neither intelligence nor knowledge ( ‘ Be good sweet maid and let who will be clever ’ , as Charles Kingsley put it ) . This was not merely because the new function of the bourgeois wife , to show off the capacity of the bourgeois husband to keep her in leisure and luxury , conflicted with the old functions of actually running a household , but also because her inferiority to the man must be demonstrable :
a task for which , curiously , she was required to show , or to possess , neither intelligence nor knowledge ( ‘ be good sweet maid and let who will be clever ’ , as charles kingsley put it ) . this was not merely because the new [purpose] of the bourgeois wife , to show off the capacity of the bourgeois husband to keep her in leisure and luxury , conflicted with the old functions of actually running a household , but also because her inferiority to the man must be demonstrable :

Ken had another function while in Brighton .
ken had another [purpose] while in brighton .

So Ken 's function was also to show her how admired and loved she still was .
so ken 's [purpose] was also to show her how admired and loved she still was .

Since the demand for labour is a decreasing function of the real wage rate and the supply of labour is ( perhaps ) an increasing function of the real wage rate , they argued that the origins of general unemployment could be traced to the maintenance of a real wage rate , w 1 , which exceeded the market clearing real wage rate , w * ; .
since the demand for labour is a decreasing [purpose] of the real wage rate and the supply of labour is ( perhaps ) an increasing [purpose] of the real wage rate , they argued that the origins of general unemployment could be traced to the maintenance of a real wage rate , w 1 , which exceeded the market clearing real wage rate , w * ; .

Figure 5.1 Unemployment and the trades union labour supply function
figure 5.1 unemployment and the trades union labour supply [purpose]

In effect the competitive labour supply function had been supplanted over most of its range by what may be called the ‘ trades union labour supply function ’ , illustrated by the bold lines in Figure 5.1 .
in effect the competitive labour supply [purpose] had been supplanted over most of its range by what may be called the ‘ trades union labour supply [purpose] ’ , illustrated by the bold lines in figure 5.1 .

The function includes part of the competitive labour supply function , i.e .
the [purpose] includes part of the competitive labour supply [purpose] , i.e .

It does not therefore run the risk of encountering those barriers which prevent the Keynes effect from operating , namely absolute liquidity preference and/or an investment function which is interest inelastic .
it does not therefore run the risk of encountering those barriers which prevent the keynes effect from operating , namely absolute liquidity preference and/or an investment [purpose] which is interest inelastic .

However , we might pause to speculate how the above formulation of the Keynesian labour supply function came about .
however , we might pause to speculate how the above formulation of the keynesian labour supply [purpose] came about .

This interpretation of the General Theory labour supply function seems initially quite plausible , but the further one pursues Keynes 's chain of reasoning , the more apparent it becomes that he had something altogether different from the formulation in mind .
this interpretation of the general theory labour supply [purpose] seems initially quite plausible , but the further one pursues keynes 's chain of reasoning , the more apparent it becomes that he had something altogether different from the formulation in mind .

Further evidence against the formulation of the labour supply function is provided by an examination of the definition of involuntary unemployment given on page 15 of the General Theory :
further evidence against the formulation of the labour supply [purpose] is provided by an examination of the definition of involuntary unemployment given on page 15 of the general theory :

The passive reaction of aggregate supply to changes in aggregate demand was usually formalized in the ‘ reverse-L ’ supply function derived from a similar labour supply function in Figure 5.6 .
the passive reaction of aggregate supply to changes in aggregate demand was usually formalized in the ‘ reverse-l ’ supply [purpose] derived from a similar labour supply [purpose] in figure 5.6 .

According to the labour supply function , changes in the employment of labour which flow from prior changes in aggregate demand will not call forth changes in money wages when the initial state is one of less than full employment .
according to the labour supply [purpose] , changes in the employment of labour which flow from prior changes in aggregate demand will not call forth changes in money wages when the initial state is one of less than full employment .

Keynesian economics , with its consumption function , investment function , liquidity preference schedule and the like , seemed the ideal testing ground for the application of rigorous statistical methods .
keynesian economics , with its consumption [purpose] , investment [purpose] , liquidity preference schedule and the like , seemed the ideal testing ground for the application of rigorous statistical methods .

When Samuelson and Solow wrote of trading off inflation against unemployment , what they were implicitly postulating was a policy makers ' social welfare function , , from which could be derived social indifference curves .
when samuelson and solow wrote of trading off inflation against unemployment , what they were implicitly postulating was a policy makers ' social welfare [purpose] , , from which could be derived social indifference curves .

The target unemployment rate , is the outcome of a set of normative political preferences which is expressed with rather spurious precision in the social welfare function .
the target unemployment rate , is the outcome of a set of normative political preferences which is expressed with rather spurious precision in the social welfare [purpose] .

In effect the form of the social welfare function will alter with the change of government and , in terms of Figure 6.4 , a new tangency solution at , say , will become relevant .
in effect the form of the social welfare [purpose] will alter with the change of government and , in terms of figure 6.4 , a new tangency solution at , say , will become relevant .

If this interpretation of the function is correct , that is , if is in reality a disequilibrium adjustment mechanism , then it can not be treated at one and the same time as a trade off relation .
if this interpretation of the [purpose] is correct , that is , if is in reality a disequilibrium adjustment mechanism , then it can not be treated at one and the same time as a trade off relation .

From the accelerationist hypothesis to the Lucas supply function
from the accelerationist hypothesis to the lucas supply [purpose]

Now the Lucas supply function could be expressed in terms of equation ( 7.6 ) .
now the lucas supply [purpose] could be expressed in terms of equation ( 7.6 ) .

One would normally expect there to exist an inverse relationship , derived , inter alia , from the short-run production function , between unemployment and the logarithm of output .
one would normally expect there to exist an inverse relationship , derived , inter alia , from the short-run production [purpose] , between unemployment and the logarithm of output .

Since the error term , w t , is now a linear function of .
since the error term , w t , is now a linear [purpose] of .

Equation ( 7.9 ) is one version of the Lucas supply function , but it is not its usual representation .
equation ( 7.9 ) is one version of the lucas supply [purpose] , but it is not its usual representation .

The Lucas supply function is the more radical successor to the accelerationist hypothesis advanced by Friedman .
the lucas supply [purpose] is the more radical successor to the accelerationist hypothesis advanced by friedman .

To depict the aggregate supply function we first need to draw a distinction between aggregate supply in the short run , where expectations may be sluggish in reacting to external events , and the long run where money is neutral and where the supply of output is invariant with respect to the nominal money supply and the absolute price level .
to depict the aggregate supply [purpose] we first need to draw a distinction between aggregate supply in the short run , where expectations may be sluggish in reacting to external events , and the long run where money is neutral and where the supply of output is invariant with respect to the nominal money supply and the absolute price level .

This is , of course , precisely the behaviour which is hypothesized in the Lucas supply function : where u t , the stochastic error term , has been omitted .
this is , of course , precisely the behaviour which is hypothesized in the lucas supply [purpose] : where u t , the stochastic error term , has been omitted .

The upward slope of the function reflects the response of firms to an actual value for p which turns out to be greater or less than they had expected at the end of t - 1 .
the upward slope of the [purpose] reflects the response of firms to an actual value for p which turns out to be greater or less than they had expected at the end of t - 1 .

The version of the natural rate hypothesis which we examined in the previous section contained just two behavioural relationships , the aggregate demand function and the aggregate supply function .
the version of the natural rate hypothesis which we examined in the previous section contained just two behavioural relationships , the aggregate demand [purpose] and the aggregate supply [purpose] .

The second behavioural relationship of this version of the natural rate hypothesis , the aggregate supply function , also needs some amplification , particularly in respect of short-run supply responses to policy shocks .
the second behavioural relationship of this version of the natural rate hypothesis , the aggregate supply [purpose] , also needs some amplification , particularly in respect of short-run supply responses to policy shocks .

In the author 's view the Lucas supply function comprises an arbitrarily concocted mishmash of conjectures and suppositions .
in the author 's view the lucas supply [purpose] comprises an arbitrarily concocted mishmash of conjectures and suppositions .

To take a specific example , let us assume that the production function all of a sudden shifts ‘ upwards ’ .
to take a specific example , let us assume that the production [purpose] all of a sudden shifts ‘ upwards ’ .

For example , the Keynesian saving function in which the rate of acquisition of new financial and real assets is a function of the level of income has long been a source of dissatisfaction .
for example , the keynesian saving [purpose] in which the rate of acquisition of new financial and real assets is a [purpose] of the level of income has long been a source of dissatisfaction .

The curve is , however , something altogether different since it is the effective , as opposed to the notional , demand for labour function : its position is determined by the effective demand for goods which will , in turn , depend upon the magnitude of .
the curve is , however , something altogether different since it is the effective , as opposed to the notional , demand for labour [purpose] : its position is determined by the effective demand for goods which will , in turn , depend upon the magnitude of .

The initial stock of real balances fixes the function to the left of the notional demand for labour function .
the initial stock of real balances fixes the [purpose] to the left of the notional demand for labour [purpose] .

The sales constraint on firms will progressively diminish and the function will shift to the right .
the sales constraint on firms will progressively diminish and the [purpose] will shift to the right .

This process will continue until a price level is reached which is so low as to make so high as to ensure that the effective labour demand function eventually coincides with the notional labour demand function .
this process will continue until a price level is reached which is so low as to make so high as to ensure that the effective labour demand [purpose] eventually coincides with the notional labour demand [purpose] .

This period is thus , in effect , the lifetime of the product , during which it can be expected to function normally without the need for repair ( other than , of course , in appropriate cases , replacement of consumables — such as ribbons on a printer , and routine or preventive maintenance — such as the need to service a car in accordance with the maker 's guidelines ) .
this period is thus , in effect , the lifetime of the product , during which it can be expected to [purpose] normally without the need for repair ( other than , of course , in appropriate cases , replacement of consumables — such as ribbons on a printer , and routine or preventive maintenance — such as the need to service a car in accordance with the maker 's guidelines ) .

They usually act as the employer 's agent , and therefore have a dual function ; as well as giving the contractor instructions , the certifier administers the contract .
they usually act as the employer 's agent , and therefore have a dual [purpose] ; as well as giving the contractor instructions , the certifier administers the contract .

There are some precedents of expert clauses in circulation naming certain bodies as appointing authorities which do not undertake that function .
there are some precedents of expert clauses in circulation naming certain bodies as appointing authorities which do not undertake that [purpose] .

There is nothing judicial about an architect 's function in determining whether certain work is defective …
there is nothing judicial about an architect 's [purpose] in determining whether certain work is defective …

It is not the function of a judge to use his own expertise in a given area outside the law and the administration of justice .
it is not the [purpose] of a judge to use his own expertise in a given area outside the law and the administration of justice .

… how is he [ the referee ] to arrive at his decision ? Was he obliged to act wholly or in part on the evidence and submissions made by the parties ? Or was he entitled to act solely on his own expert opinion ? If the answer to the question is the latter , then the [ referee ] could not be exercising a judicial function or a quasi-judicial function , if there is any such distinction .
… how is he [ the referee ] to arrive at his decision ? was he obliged to act wholly or in part on the evidence and submissions made by the parties ? or was he entitled to act solely on his own expert opinion ? if the answer to the question is the latter , then the [ referee ] could not be exercising a judicial [purpose] or a quasi-judicial [purpose] , if there is any such distinction .

These arbitrators are experts in the non-legal sense of the word , and they do not perform a judicial function .
these arbitrators are experts in the non-legal sense of the word , and they do not perform a judicial [purpose] .

With the important exception of look/sniff arbitrations , this guideline of a judicial function is probably the most important .
with the important exception of look/sniff arbitrations , this guideline of a judicial [purpose] is probably the most important .

From the above it is reasonably clear that : ( 1 ) the question of whether there is a " formulated dispute " is not conclusive ; ( 2 ) the requirements of a judicial function and the judicial procedures of submissions and evidence are conclusive unless specifically contradicted by commercial practice and/or contractually incorporated rules ; and ( 3 ) the agreement to accept the decision is not conclusive .
from the above it is reasonably clear that : ( 1 ) the question of whether there is a " formulated dispute " is not conclusive ; ( 2 ) the requirements of a judicial [purpose] and the judicial procedures of submissions and evidence are conclusive unless specifically contradicted by commercial practice and/or contractually incorporated rules ; and ( 3 ) the agreement to accept the decision is not conclusive .

In such cases it may be often difficult to say whether he is intended to be an arbitrator or to exercise some function other than that of an arbitrator .
in such cases it may be often difficult to say whether he is intended to be an arbitrator or to exercise some [purpose] other than that of an arbitrator .

3.5 But what of the general level of awards itself , ignoring inflation ? How is that to be adjusted , whether up or down ? That is a function of the Court of Appeal , as Lord Diplock stated in Wright v British Railways Board :
3.5 but what of the general level of awards itself , ignoring inflation ? how is that to be adjusted , whether up or down ? that is a [purpose] of the court of appeal , as lord diplock stated in wright v british railways board :

( 4 ) Each manager must hold at least one ordinary share in Newco and work for more than half his time in the `` management or conduct of the company `` or an associated company ; alternatively he must own more than 5 % of the ordinary share capital of Newco ( the `` material interest `` test ) ; for these purposes , the shareholdings of any associate of an individual manager are aggregated with his holding ; `` management or conduct of the company `` ( rather than its business ) connotes the function of directors and senior managers , so other employees and middle management will not be able to obtain relief , since they are unlikely to have a sufficient holding in Newco to satisfy the material interest test .
( 4 ) each manager must hold at least one ordinary share in newco and work for more than half his time in the `` management or conduct of the company `` or an associated company ; alternatively he must own more than 5 % of the ordinary share capital of newco ( the `` material interest `` test ) ; for these purposes , the shareholdings of any associate of an individual manager are aggregated with his holding ; `` management or conduct of the company `` ( rather than its business ) connotes the [purpose] of directors and senior managers , so other employees and middle management will not be able to obtain relief , since they are unlikely to have a sufficient holding in newco to satisfy the material interest test .

They can also perform a limited corporate finance function , and provide a mechanism for marketing shares in an unquoted company ( Newco ) , where otherwise the benefit to an employee of holding shares is somewhat illusory , in that he can not realise his shares for cash , unless he remains a shareholder of the company and ( usually ) an employee or director , until there is a sale of Newco or it obtains a listing .
they can also perform a limited corporate finance [purpose] , and provide a mechanism for marketing shares in an unquoted company ( newco ) , where otherwise the benefit to an employee of holding shares is somewhat illusory , in that he can not realise his shares for cash , unless he remains a shareholder of the company and ( usually ) an employee or director , until there is a sale of newco or it obtains a listing .

The plant 's function is to turn radioactive liquid waste into glass blocks .
the plant 's [purpose] is to turn radioactive liquid waste into glass blocks .

According to a presidential spokesman , however , the rules are designed `` to protect those areas that function in a traditional sense as wetlands ; those that provide flood control , pollution filtration , provide habitat for wildlife and spawning grounds for fish `` .
according to a presidential spokesman , however , the rules are designed `` to protect those areas that [purpose] in a traditional sense as wetlands ; those that provide flood control , pollution filtration , provide habitat for wildlife and spawning grounds for fish `` .

It can aggravate asthma and bronchitis and cause coughing , choking and impaired lung function , particularly in people who exercise .
it can aggravate asthma and bronchitis and cause coughing , choking and impaired lung [purpose] , particularly in people who exercise .

Public scepticism and opposition had to be overcome before the system could function effectively , he said .
public scepticism and opposition had to be overcome before the system could [purpose] effectively , he said .

In his classic work on the constitution , Walter Bagehot attached much importance to this `` elective function `` ; The House of Commons , he declared , was `` a real choosing body : it elects the people it likes .
in his classic work on the constitution , walter bagehot attached much importance to this `` elective [purpose] `` ; the house of commons , he declared , was `` a real choosing body : it elects the people it likes .

The mounting and hinging of these three bones , by the way , is exactly as a hi-fi engineer might have designed it to serve a necessary `` impedance-matching `` function , but that is another story .
the mounting and hinging of these three bones , by the way , is exactly as a hi-fi engineer might have designed it to serve a necessary `` impedance-matching `` [purpose] , but that is another story .

For this reason there is a need for the function of control to be incorporated into the system .
for this reason there is a need for the [purpose] of control to be incorporated into the system .

Their function , which corresponds to that of the Panopticon 's plan form , is to enable managerial staff to adapt their actions and decisions to changing circumstances and varying performances .
their [purpose] , which corresponds to that of the panopticon 's plan form , is to enable managerial staff to adapt their actions and decisions to changing circumstances and varying performances .

Much — if not all — of the technology necessary for Ecotopia to function has already been developed or is in the process of being developed .
much — if not all — of the technology necessary for ecotopia to [purpose] has already been developed or is in the process of being developed .

She remarked how each definable function of the household had a special room set aside for it , for example there were dining rooms , parlours and drawing rooms , and serving pantries , pantries and sculleries .
she remarked how each definable [purpose] of the household had a special room set aside for it , for example there were dining rooms , parlours and drawing rooms , and serving pantries , pantries and sculleries .

Design 's effective denial of a social formative or linguistic-representational function further isolates itself from the academies traditionally orientated towards understanding and valuing these .
design 's effective denial of a social formative or linguistic-representational [purpose] further isolates itself from the academies traditionally orientated towards understanding and valuing these .

In this situation neither the academy nor design itself can any longer be aware of design 's actual social content ( designed without explicit social formative function , such functions are `` achieved despite design 's comprehension `` ) .
in this situation neither the academy nor design itself can any longer be aware of design 's actual social content ( designed without explicit social formative [purpose] , such functions are `` achieved despite design 's comprehension `` ) .

This is closely linked , possibly indivisibly , to the debate between form ( aesthetics ) and function .
this is closely linked , possibly indivisibly , to the debate between form ( aesthetics ) and [purpose] .

Since metaphor co-operates in this passage with the inner world of repose , its internal reliance upon the literal denotation of an outside world actually subverts its own function .
since metaphor co-operates in this passage with the inner world of repose , its internal reliance upon the literal denotation of an outside world actually subverts its own [purpose] .

There is no doubt in de Man 's mind that the image plays a central role in Proust 's thematic opposition , but when one follows `` Proust 's own injunction `` to submit the image to the `` test of truth `` , the function of the image is subverted : `` statements or strategies that tended to remain unnoticed become apparent and undo what the figure seemed to have accomplished `` .
there is no doubt in de man 's mind that the image plays a central role in proust 's thematic opposition , but when one follows `` proust 's own injunction `` to submit the image to the `` test of truth `` , the [purpose] of the image is subverted : `` statements or strategies that tended to remain unnoticed become apparent and undo what the figure seemed to have accomplished `` .

The phrase `` all language `` of quotations three and seven , the general term `` language `` of quotation four , and the use of `` paradigm `` in quotations two and eight , all function like the word `` always `` in the proposition discussed in the previous paragraph : they shift the focus of an immanent critique or paraphrase outward to formulate a general claim.2 The comparison between these propositions and the one already discussed is not perfect .
the phrase `` all language `` of quotations three and seven , the general term `` language `` of quotation four , and the use of `` paradigm `` in quotations two and eight , all [purpose] like the word `` always `` in the proposition discussed in the previous paragraph : they shift the focus of an immanent critique or paraphrase outward to formulate a general claim.2 the comparison between these propositions and the one already discussed is not perfect .

If Booth 's ( 1961 ) narratology helps to clarify the function of this rhetoric as an unconscious condition in which the reader 's judgements are controlled , it also helps us to understand the moral personality of the intrusive commentating voice : the tone of commentary at those moments in the argument when de Man speaks most unequivocally in his own voice .
if booth 's ( 1961 ) narratology helps to clarify the [purpose] of this rhetoric as an unconscious condition in which the reader 's judgements are controlled , it also helps us to understand the moral personality of the intrusive commentating voice : the tone of commentary at those moments in the argument when de man speaks most unequivocally in his own voice .

On the contrary , it has been done simply because , as a language-orientated activity , the concern with linguistic form and function has been uppermost .
on the contrary , it has been done simply because , as a language-orientated activity , the concern with linguistic form and [purpose] has been uppermost .

, summarised below : Alternating decasyllabic verse is `` lighter `` in terms of its overall structure ; this shows up in the high degree of promotion of underlyingly unstressed function words to relative stressed status .
, summarised below : alternating decasyllabic verse is `` lighter `` in terms of its overall structure ; this shows up in the high degree of promotion of underlyingly unstressed [purpose] words to relative stressed status .

The latter claim was made by Piaget about much younger children , so it could reasonably be asked what function such a stylistic device serves for older students .
the latter claim was made by piaget about much younger children , so it could reasonably be asked what [purpose] such a stylistic device serves for older students .

As used by men , garments form a communicative channel from which women are excluded ; but when used by women , garments function as communicative devices between the sexes .
as used by men , garments form a communicative channel from which women are excluded ; but when used by women , garments [purpose] as communicative devices between the sexes .

Whereas for the men garments have a determined , precise meaning , that is to say , a truth value , for the women clothes are nothing but signifiers open to a variety of meanings ; they are items whose function and referential meaning can easily be changed … .
whereas for the men garments have a determined , precise meaning , that is to say , a truth value , for the women clothes are nothing but signifiers open to a variety of meanings ; they are items whose [purpose] and referential meaning can easily be changed … .

But this is not the only practical function it aims to fulfil .
but this is not the only practical [purpose] it aims to fulfil .

It is the Bible 's function to feed the personal knowledge of the Father which the Christian `` child `` enjoys .
it is the bible 's [purpose] to feed the personal knowledge of the father which the christian `` child `` enjoys .

And , as we have already seen , it is the Bible 's function to feed and foster such a relationship .
and , as we have already seen , it is the bible 's [purpose] to feed and foster such a relationship .

This is the function of science .
this is the [purpose] of science .

The precious stones engraved with the names of the twelve tribes point to his other function , as representative of his people , making atonement for their sin .
the precious stones engraved with the names of the twelve tribes point to his other [purpose] , as representative of his people , making atonement for their sin .

But the cannons on the north-facing ramparts had an essential function if the garrison was to survive the morning ; these cannons must break the impetus of the first enemy attack .
but the cannons on the north-facing ramparts had an essential [purpose] if the garrison was to survive the morning ; these cannons must break the impetus of the first enemy attack .

At all times the social function of marriage has been to produce heirs and this their marriage had failed to do .
at all times the social [purpose] of marriage has been to produce heirs and this their marriage had failed to do .

Like all royal children his chief function in his parents ' eyes was to undertake the role of a pawn in the diplomatic game .
like all royal children his chief [purpose] in his parents ' eyes was to undertake the role of a pawn in the diplomatic game .

Each chain has a specialised function .
each chain has a specialised [purpose] .

In this process , the tentacles serve another and important function , for the water brings with it dissolved oxygen which Lingula needs in order to respire .
in this process , the tentacles serve another and important [purpose] , for the water brings with it dissolved oxygen which lingula needs in order to respire .

They have served their function .
they have served their [purpose] .

Their bodies have become greatly flattened , their pectoral fins enlarged into undulating lateral triangles that have taken over the function of locomotion .
their bodies have become greatly flattened , their pectoral fins enlarged into undulating lateral triangles that have taken over the [purpose] of locomotion .

According to the causal direction hypothesis , Emerson 's task is disembedded in that it requires children to consider causal connectives in a way which differs from their usual communicative function .
according to the causal direction hypothesis , emerson 's task is disembedded in that it requires children to consider causal connectives in a way which differs from their usual communicative [purpose] .

In other words , the primary communicative function of causal connectives is to signal causal direction .
in other words , the primary communicative [purpose] of causal connectives is to signal causal direction .

Emerson 's task requires children to respond on the basis of the causal connectives ' secondary function of conveying information about temporal order .
emerson 's task requires children to respond on the basis of the causal connectives ' secondary [purpose] of conveying information about temporal order .

Again , there is likely to be a mismatch between the function of explanations in the classroom and the function of explanations in everyday conversation .
again , there is likely to be a mismatch between the [purpose] of explanations in the classroom and the [purpose] of explanations in everyday conversation .

An explanation has a sharing function if the speaker is producing it in order to share his knowledge with other people , and so extend their understanding .
an explanation has a sharing [purpose] if the speaker is producing it in order to share his knowledge with other people , and so extend their understanding .

Explanations which are produced in order to demonstrate that the speaker possesses a particular piece of knowledge have a displaying function .
explanations which are produced in order to demonstrate that the speaker possesses a particular piece of knowledge have a displaying [purpose] .

It can be argued that the central function of explanations is the sharing function .
it can be argued that the central [purpose] of explanations is the sharing [purpose] .

There is an obvious social motive behind explanations with a sharing function .
there is an obvious social motive behind explanations with a sharing [purpose] .

Explanations which are produced in normal conversation are likely to have a sharing function .
explanations which are produced in normal conversation are likely to have a sharing [purpose] .

In contrast , many of the explanations which are produced in the classroom have a displaying function .
in contrast , many of the explanations which are produced in the classroom have a displaying [purpose] .

Explanations in each of the three modes ( empirical , intentional , and deductive ) can serve either a sharing or a displaying function .
explanations in each of the three modes ( empirical , intentional , and deductive ) can serve either a sharing or a displaying [purpose] .

However , there seems to be a particularly close relationship between the displaying function and the deductive mode , in that both turn the spotlight on to the speaker 's knowledge , and so have a more ‘ reflexive ’ quality than the other explanations .
however , there seems to be a particularly close relationship between the displaying [purpose] and the deductive mode , in that both turn the spotlight on to the speaker 's knowledge , and so have a more ‘ reflexive ’ quality than the other explanations .

An explanation in any mode will have a displaying function if it is produced to demonstrate what the speaker knows .
an explanation in any mode will have a displaying [purpose] if it is produced to demonstrate what the speaker knows .

Thus deductive mode explanations which have a displaying function are being used to demonstrate knowledge about knowledge .
thus deductive mode explanations which have a displaying [purpose] are being used to demonstrate knowledge about knowledge .

In a study in which children 's eye movements were recorded while they scanned an array and listened to messages to focus on items in the array ( Lloyd , 1983 ) , it was found that the number of shifts between the items in the referent array varied significantly as a function of message adequacy .
in a study in which children 's eye movements were recorded while they scanned an array and listened to messages to focus on items in the array ( lloyd , 1983 ) , it was found that the number of shifts between the items in the referent array varied significantly as a [purpose] of message adequacy .

Table 4.1 shows that the preferred strategy varies as a function of age .
table 4.1 shows that the preferred strategy varies as a [purpose] of age .

Its most likely function would be to enable one speaker to convey not only the matter of a remark by another speaker but also the manner in which it was made .
its most likely [purpose] would be to enable one speaker to convey not only the matter of a remark by another speaker but also the manner in which it was made .

’ They ‘ function not as technical specialists but as polyvalent managers ’ , and expect to have technicians assigned to them to do detailed and routine tasks .
’ they ‘ [purpose] not as technical specialists but as polyvalent managers ’ , and expect to have technicians assigned to them to do detailed and routine tasks .

The sounds of England , the tinkle of the hammer on the anvil in the country smithy , the corncrake on a dewy morning , the sound of the scythe against the whetstone , and the sight of a plough team coming over the brow of a hill , the sight that has been seen in England since England was a land , and may be seen in England long after the Empire has perished and every works in England has ceased to function .
the sounds of england , the tinkle of the hammer on the anvil in the country smithy , the corncrake on a dewy morning , the sound of the scythe against the whetstone , and the sight of a plough team coming over the brow of a hill , the sight that has been seen in england since england was a land , and may be seen in england long after the empire has perished and every works in england has ceased to [purpose] .

And indeed , its function was explicit in its title , its purpose , the purpose at its most modest of trade unionism within a system of production comprising employers and employees , capital and labour , as separate entities which though necessary to one another were yet ultimately opposed .
and indeed , its [purpose] was explicit in its title , its purpose , the purpose at its most modest of trade unionism within a system of production comprising employers and employees , capital and labour , as separate entities which though necessary to one another were yet ultimately opposed .

Insist though trade unions might that their purpose was not to subvert the market economy but to sell labour at a fair price as a commodity in it , the fact remained that successful trade unionism implied reduced dividends on investment , just as organising the production of goods for sale in Co-operative stores as a function of independent industrial co-operatives implied reduced dividends on purchases from them .
insist though trade unions might that their purpose was not to subvert the market economy but to sell labour at a fair price as a commodity in it , the fact remained that successful trade unionism implied reduced dividends on investment , just as organising the production of goods for sale in co-operative stores as a [purpose] of independent industrial co-operatives implied reduced dividends on purchases from them .

The significance is that , together , the two operated to remove an essential feature from the full description of Co-operation ; and in so doing to deny to the movement that function which it was uniquely able to discharge and which was , therefore , most likely to guarantee its growth and survival in perpetuity .
the significance is that , together , the two operated to remove an essential feature from the full description of co-operation ; and in so doing to deny to the movement that [purpose] which it was uniquely able to discharge and which was , therefore , most likely to guarantee its growth and survival in perpetuity .

That function was not the provision of wholesome food at fair prices .
that [purpose] was not the provision of wholesome food at fair prices .

But there is no use in preserving the form when the function has failed ; and it is difficult to see the democratic form of the consumers , co-operative can have much meaning for the generality of members — nor , of course , any for non-members — who use the stores .
but there is no use in preserving the form when the [purpose] has failed ; and it is difficult to see the democratic form of the consumers , co-operative can have much meaning for the generality of members — nor , of course , any for non-members — who use the stores .

But put their function as arbiters where one will in the numbered sequence of reasons for their appointment , that is the most obvious and necessary purpose they would serve .
but put their [purpose] as arbiters where one will in the numbered sequence of reasons for their appointment , that is the most obvious and necessary purpose they would serve .

How sweetly reasonable ; and , given the trade unions ' function as an implicated part of Capitalism , how impossible .
how sweetly reasonable ; and , given the trade unions ' [purpose] as an implicated part of capitalism , how impossible .

Nor is the corner to be negotiated by reductions in the privileges enjoyed by trade unions which leave largely untouched their function as monopolistic suppliers of labour .
nor is the corner to be negotiated by reductions in the privileges enjoyed by trade unions which leave largely untouched their [purpose] as monopolistic suppliers of labour .

In certain dispute resolution processes , for example mediation , conciliation and enquiry , a third party assists the parties in resolving the dispute , but that person 's function is to attempt to focus the parties ' interest in its resolution , not to widen its parameters beyond their concerns .
in certain dispute resolution processes , for example mediation , conciliation and enquiry , a third party assists the parties in resolving the dispute , but that person 's [purpose] is to attempt to focus the parties ' interest in its resolution , not to widen its parameters beyond their concerns .

Amnesty International performs a similar function with respect to the treatment of political detainees and the international prohibition of torture .
amnesty international performs a similar [purpose] with respect to the treatment of political detainees and the international prohibition of torture .

However , even if it is accepted that treaties do not perform a single function and should not all be subject to the same rules , there remains the threshold question of how treaties are best conceptualised and categorised .
however , even if it is accepted that treaties do not perform a single [purpose] and should not all be subject to the same rules , there remains the threshold question of how treaties are best conceptualised and categorised .

Member States may assume the validity of such extended powers through the implied powers doctrine , which allows competency to be implied from the express purposes of an organisation in order that it may function effectively .
member states may assume the validity of such extended powers through the implied powers doctrine , which allows competency to be implied from the express purposes of an organisation in order that it may [purpose] effectively .

Dissolution of the League did not entail the expiry of the supervisory function .
dissolution of the league did not entail the expiry of the supervisory [purpose] .

Clara calculated that at least a third of the objects laid on the table , by regulation , were not used during the course of any single meal , and yet their function was certainly not one of gracious adornment .
clara calculated that at least a third of the objects laid on the table , by regulation , were not used during the course of any single meal , and yet their [purpose] was certainly not one of gracious adornment .

It was a tall , square room , facing towards the back of the house and garden , and it was full and overflowing with a profusion of the most diverse and wonderful objects , so full that the room 's function for it was , beneath all , a bedroom — was all but concealed .
it was a tall , square room , facing towards the back of the house and garden , and it was full and overflowing with a profusion of the most diverse and wonderful objects , so full that the room 's [purpose] for it was , beneath all , a bedroom — was all but concealed .

These tables were the happy result of that dreaded request … ‘ Could you make something , anything , for my gallery ’ No brief , no specific function , just , well , anything .
these tables were the happy result of that dreaded request … ‘ could you make something , anything , for my gallery ’ no brief , no specific [purpose] , just , well , anything .

statistics regarding the holes a cordless drill is capable of drilling , but no performance figures relating to the function of other cordless tools is available .
statistics regarding the holes a cordless drill is capable of drilling , but no performance figures relating to the [purpose] of other cordless tools is available .

These materials are highly complicated and important fluids which play a great part in the direction of the ways in which our bodies and minds function ; they are known as hormones , and are carried around in the bloodstream exercising effect on each other and on a variety of bodily processes .
these materials are highly complicated and important fluids which play a great part in the direction of the ways in which our bodies and minds [purpose] ; they are known as hormones , and are carried around in the bloodstream exercising effect on each other and on a variety of bodily processes .

They will continue to have an effect on sexual function and , in addition , a homeostatic situation will establish itself in which hormones from the gonads will pass to the pituitary and largely control its action in stimulating production of hormones from the gonads themselves .
they will continue to have an effect on sexual [purpose] and , in addition , a homeostatic situation will establish itself in which hormones from the gonads will pass to the pituitary and largely control its action in stimulating production of hormones from the gonads themselves .

Hormones pass back to the pituitary gland , regulating its sexual function .
hormones pass back to the pituitary gland , regulating its sexual [purpose] .

The psychogenic component of erection , originating in the forebrain , will cease to function .
the psychogenic component of erection , originating in the forebrain , will cease to [purpose] .

It is now possible for the body of the transsexual individual to be remoulded , surgically and by hormone treatment , into a close approximation of the form of the opposite sex ; although a true sex-change , with full function , can not be accomplished .
it is now possible for the body of the transsexual individual to be remoulded , surgically and by hormone treatment , into a close approximation of the form of the opposite sex ; although a true sex-change , with full [purpose] , can not be accomplished .

Sir Edmond intended that the bulk of the work should fall upon his `` right especial and tender loving friend `` Sir Reginald Bray ; the other four executors — Geoffrey Downes of Pott Shrigley ; Thomas Rich , Mercer , his son-in-law ; John Shaa , his nephew ( but conventionally styled his `` cousin `` in the will ) ; and Julian , his wife — had the function of approving rather than initiating .
sir edmond intended that the bulk of the work should fall upon his `` right especial and tender loving friend `` sir reginald bray ; the other four executors — geoffrey downes of pott shrigley ; thomas rich , mercer , his son-in-law ; john shaa , his nephew ( but conventionally styled his `` cousin `` in the will ) ; and julian , his wife — had the [purpose] of approving rather than initiating .

By inspection , it is evident that such a function may be written as when x , y are written as columns .
by inspection , it is evident that such a [purpose] may be written as when x , y are written as columns .

For example , suppose we have a measurable quantity f which we have reason to suppose is a polynomial function of an independent variable t : and we wish to find the m coefficients .
for example , suppose we have a measurable quantity f which we have reason to suppose is a polynomial [purpose] of an independent variable t : and we wish to find the m coefficients .

Since f is a function of λ which vanishes at the eigenvalues , we may use it in the Newton-Raphson method to obtain an improved approximation : , the zero suffixes indicating that the functions are calculated for .
since f is a [purpose] of λ which vanishes at the eigenvalues , we may use it in the newton-raphson method to obtain an improved approximation : , the zero suffixes indicating that the functions are calculated for .

There is another reason why texts are the natural focus for our study : within a text it is possible to be more specific about how language serves a particular artistic function .
there is another reason why texts are the natural focus for our study : within a text it is possible to be more specific about how language serves a particular artistic [purpose] .

We can also point to grammatical parallelisms which , although not devoid of content , merely seem to have an elaborative function , providing further examples of a concept already expressed : `` The sweetest rose hath his prickle `` already conveys , by proverbial extension , the meaning `` even the best things are alloyed with bad `` , and to that extent , the repetition of the pattern in `` the finest velvet his brack , the fairest flour his bran `` , is redundant.Lyly might not , one imagines , have added his last piece of pattern , the similitude of sanctity , unless he had hit on the alliteration of `` holiest head `` and `` wicked way `` .
we can also point to grammatical parallelisms which , although not devoid of content , merely seem to have an elaborative [purpose] , providing further examples of a concept already expressed : `` the sweetest rose hath his prickle `` already conveys , by proverbial extension , the meaning `` even the best things are alloyed with bad `` , and to that extent , the repetition of the pattern in `` the finest velvet his brack , the fairest flour his bran `` , is redundant.lyly might not , one imagines , have added his last piece of pattern , the similitude of sanctity , unless he had hit on the alliteration of `` holiest head `` and `` wicked way `` .

Some kinds of language have a referential function ( eg newspaper reports ) ; others have a directive or persuasive function ( eg advertising ) ; others have an emotive function or a social function ( eg casual conversation ) .
some kinds of language have a referential [purpose] ( eg newspaper reports ) ; others have a directive or persuasive [purpose] ( eg advertising ) ; others have an emotive [purpose] or a social [purpose] ( eg casual conversation ) .

Richards holds that in poetry the function of `` feeling `` tends to dominate that of `` sense `` , while Jakobson identifies a special `` poetic `` function , which can be found in many uses of language , but which dominates over other functions in poetry .
richards holds that in poetry the [purpose] of `` feeling `` tends to dominate that of `` sense `` , while jakobson identifies a special `` poetic `` [purpose] , which can be found in many uses of language , but which dominates over other functions in poetry .

But for our present purposes , its interest is that it locates stylistic significance in the ideational function of language ; that is , in the cognitive meaning or sense which for the dualist is the invariant factor of content rather than the variable factor of style .
but for our present purposes , its interest is that it locates stylistic significance in the ideational [purpose] of language ; that is , in the cognitive meaning or sense which for the dualist is the invariant factor of content rather than the variable factor of style .

It is reasonable to say , therefore , that some aspects of language have to do with the referential function of language , and that these must be distinguished from those which have to do with stylistic variation .
it is reasonable to say , therefore , that some aspects of language have to do with the referential [purpose] of language , and that these must be distinguished from those which have to do with stylistic variation .

If style is regarded as a function of frequency , it seems reason able to suppose that style can be measured .
if style is regarded as a [purpose] of frequency , it seems reason able to suppose that style can be measured .

We presume a fairly direct relation between prominence ( psychological saliency ) and deviance ( a function of textual frequency ) .
we presume a fairly direct relation between prominence ( psychological saliency ) and deviance ( a [purpose] of textual frequency ) .

Lesser writers could provide many examples of idiosyncrasies of style which have no discernible literary function .
lesser writers could provide many examples of idiosyncrasies of style which have no discernible literary [purpose] .

But it also shows that a writer 's verbal art can often be more profitably examined within the narrower scope of a chapter , a page , or even a paragraph , where the stylistic values can be more closely related to their function within a particular context .
but it also shows that a writer 's verbal art can often be more profitably examined within the narrower scope of a chapter , a page , or even a paragraph , where the stylistic values can be more closely related to their [purpose] within a particular context .

It is part of the function of a linguistic theory , and of its linguistic description of the English language , to specify what linguistic categories there are and what are the contrastive relations between them .
it is part of the [purpose] of a linguistic theory , and of its linguistic description of the english language , to specify what linguistic categories there are and what are the contrastive relations between them .

These style markers , in turn , will be related to other style markers within the context of the passage 's literary function .
these style markers , in turn , will be related to other style markers within the context of the passage 's literary [purpose] .

Since the function of the is to identify something which is contextually known to be unique , it tends to signal continuity on a contextual , rather than textual level : Lawrence makes a pretence of shared knowledge with the reader , who by implication is already familiar with the surroundings , is already an inhabitant of the fictional world .
since the [purpose] of the is to identify something which is contextually known to be unique , it tends to signal continuity on a contextual , rather than textual level : lawrence makes a pretence of shared knowledge with the reader , who by implication is already familiar with the surroundings , is already an inhabitant of the fictional world .

The demonstratives this , and that occur eight times in a connective function ( `` sounds that note `` ( 3 ) , `` this pretext `` ( 7 ) , etc ) , and personal pronouns are also heavily used ( 66–68 ) .
the demonstratives this , and that occur eight times in a connective [purpose] ( `` sounds that note `` ( 3 ) , `` this pretext `` ( 7 ) , etc ) , and personal pronouns are also heavily used ( 66–68 ) .

First , it has an ideational function : it has to convey a message ( in the sense of 4.2 ) about `` reality `` , about the world of experience , from the speaker to the hearer .
first , it has an ideational [purpose] : it has to convey a message ( in the sense of 4.2 ) about `` reality `` , about the world of experience , from the speaker to the hearer .

Secondly , it has an interpersonal function : it must fit appropriately into a speech situation , fulfilling the particular social designs that the speaker has upon the hearer .
secondly , it has an interpersonal [purpose] : it must fit appropriately into a speech situation , fulfilling the particular social designs that the speaker has upon the hearer .

Thirdly , it has a textual function : it must be well constructed as an utterance or text , so as to serve the decoding needs of the hearer .
thirdly , it has a textual [purpose] : it must be well constructed as an utterance or text , so as to serve the decoding needs of the hearer .

There is a strong connection between the concept of `` function `` , and the concept of `` meaning `` : when we talk of meaning in the broad sense of `` overall significance `` , we include the implications which an utterance has regarding the intention of the speaker and the effect on the hearer .
there is a strong connection between the concept of `` [purpose] `` , and the concept of `` meaning `` : when we talk of meaning in the broad sense of `` overall significance `` , we include the implications which an utterance has regarding the intention of the speaker and the effect on the hearer .

If we speak of the stylistic values of a non-literary text , we are interested in the way in which linguistic choices are adapted to communicative function — to such functions as newspaper reporting , advertising , scientific exposition .
if we speak of the stylistic values of a non-literary text , we are interested in the way in which linguistic choices are adapted to communicative [purpose] — to such functions as newspaper reporting , advertising , scientific exposition .

The function of literature being primarily aesthetic , we must search for explanations of stylistic value — Of why this linguistic choice is made rather than that in terms of considerations internal to the work itself .
the [purpose] of literature being primarily aesthetic , we must search for explanations of stylistic value — of why this linguistic choice is made rather than that in terms of considerations internal to the work itself .

Peggy Heeks described the function of a children 's librarian in this way :
peggy heeks described the [purpose] of a children 's librarian in this way :

There are arguments about what is `` the best `` , and how far one goes in meeting present taste before developing it ; there are arguments about paternalism and mandarin or upper-class standards ; but no children 's librarian would accept a purely passive supply function ; all would agree that one hopes to provide opportunities for wider exploration and the growth of informed taste , whatever it turns out to be .
there are arguments about what is `` the best `` , and how far one goes in meeting present taste before developing it ; there are arguments about paternalism and mandarin or upper-class standards ; but no children 's librarian would accept a purely passive supply [purpose] ; all would agree that one hopes to provide opportunities for wider exploration and the growth of informed taste , whatever it turns out to be .

The larger this becomes the harder it is for the rest of the heart to function .
the larger this becomes the harder it is for the rest of the heart to [purpose] .

This was followed by immediate coronary angiography , further revascularisation as necessary , and assessment of left ventricular function and in-hospital complications .
this was followed by immediate coronary angiography , further revascularisation as necessary , and assessment of left ventricular [purpose] and in-hospital complications .

Those patients who fail to achieve reperfusion or who experience reocclusion of the infarct-related artery show no improvement in regional or global ventricular function .
those patients who fail to achieve reperfusion or who experience reocclusion of the infarct-related artery show no improvement in regional or global ventricular [purpose] .

Thus rt-PA used as a second dose thrombolytic agent , allows coronary artery reperfusion with preservation of left ventricular function and without serious side-effects .
thus rt-pa used as a second dose thrombolytic agent , allows coronary artery reperfusion with preservation of left ventricular [purpose] and without serious side-effects .

Earlier institution of thrombolytic therapy allows greater patency rates with improvement in left ventricular function and reduction in mortality .
earlier institution of thrombolytic therapy allows greater patency rates with improvement in left ventricular [purpose] and reduction in mortality .

The proposal has been put forward that angioplasty may be helpful in patients with coronary occlusion and cardiogenic shock or for those with marked impairment of ventricular function .
the proposal has been put forward that angioplasty may be helpful in patients with coronary occlusion and cardiogenic shock or for those with marked impairment of ventricular [purpose] .

Obviously infarct size and subsequent left ventricular function are closely related to prognosis .
obviously infarct size and subsequent left ventricular [purpose] are closely related to prognosis .

Recent attention has been focused on the stunned myocardium and while established methods of assessing ventricular function are unable to detect such jeopardised myocardium , newer imaging techniques such as positron emission tomography , nuclear magnetic resonance or contrast echocardiography may further improve risk stratification in the future .
recent attention has been focused on the stunned myocardium and while established methods of assessing ventricular [purpose] are unable to detect such jeopardised myocardium , newer imaging techniques such as positron emission tomography , nuclear magnetic resonance or contrast echocardiography may further improve risk stratification in the future .

All three studies have found that the presence of late potentials provides prognostic information and is complementary to left ventricular function , wall motion abnormalities , Holter recordings and exercise data .
all three studies have found that the presence of late potentials provides prognostic information and is complementary to left ventricular [purpose] , wall motion abnormalities , holter recordings and exercise data .

Recent attention has been drawn to the role of autonomic function in risk stratification .
recent attention has been drawn to the role of autonomic [purpose] in risk stratification .

Risk stratification based on left ventricular function or Holter data have proven ineffective .
risk stratification based on left ventricular [purpose] or holter data have proven ineffective .

What 's more , people buy design rather than function .
what 's more , people buy design rather than [purpose] .

Design extends beyond the product function to every aspect of the customer interface .
design extends beyond the product [purpose] to every aspect of the customer interface .

When customers judge a company , they judge the totality , not the basic function .
when customers judge a company , they judge the totality , not the basic [purpose] .

It was conceived as the proper function of the nation 's mothers to rear ( within families suitably inoculated against any possibility of communism in the home ) fine imperial specimens of manhood .
it was conceived as the proper [purpose] of the nation 's mothers to rear ( within families suitably inoculated against any possibility of communism in the home ) fine imperial specimens of manhood .

It is not our function to prescribe examination methods or standards to individual universities .
it is not our [purpose] to prescribe examination methods or standards to individual universities .

[ Regarding the ] differentiation between the various stages in the training for research work … on this matter again it is not our function to make detailed recommendations , but to lay down general principles .
[ regarding the ] differentiation between the various stages in the training for research work … on this matter again it is not our [purpose] to make detailed recommendations , but to lay down general principles .

It is at the same time stressed , however , that it is not the `` true function of literature `` to engage with the contemporary `` social problem `` .
it is at the same time stressed , however , that it is not the `` true [purpose] of literature `` to engage with the contemporary `` social problem `` .

The function for English preferred by the Committee , then , is one of aligning the popular imagination and culture , ( what is elsewhere called the `` public mind `` ( see p.46 ) ) with a sense of communal identity having sufficient `` sanity `` to neutralize not only `` the hostility towards `` the culture of capitalism `` now prevalent in Bolshevist Russia `` , but indeed that antagonism and contempt for literature which is said to be found among `` the working classes , especially those belonging to organised labour movements `` .
the [purpose] for english preferred by the committee , then , is one of aligning the popular imagination and culture , ( what is elsewhere called the `` public mind `` ( see p.46 ) ) with a sense of communal identity having sufficient `` sanity `` to neutralize not only `` the hostility towards `` the culture of capitalism `` now prevalent in bolshevist russia `` , but indeed that antagonism and contempt for literature which is said to be found among `` the working classes , especially those belonging to organised labour movements `` .

The passage which follows has commonly been taken as providing a basis for subsequent conceptions of the role and function of professional English teaching .
the passage which follows has commonly been taken as providing a basis for subsequent conceptions of the role and [purpose] of professional english teaching .

Englishness , as a sense of racial or spiritual identity , had come to function as a stabilizing force within the field of professional English studies , rather than providing the authority for a programme of cultural intervention .
englishness , as a sense of racial or spiritual identity , had come to [purpose] as a stabilizing force within the field of professional english studies , rather than providing the authority for a programme of cultural intervention .

And , finally , they provided a charter and sense of function for petit-bourgeois professionals within the educational sphere , both at school and university levels .
and , finally , they provided a charter and sense of [purpose] for petit-bourgeois professionals within the educational sphere , both at school and university levels .

It is clear that Leavis is less concerned with preserving the continuity of Englishness from Anglo-Saxon times to the present than with investing English with a new function , that of fostering within a class of disinterested intellectuals those qualities of wisdom called for by Bickersteth before the war .
it is clear that leavis is less concerned with preserving the continuity of englishness from anglo-saxon times to the present than with investing english with a new [purpose] , that of fostering within a class of disinterested intellectuals those qualities of wisdom called for by bickersteth before the war .

It is not Leavis 's goal to produce `` national intellectuals `` to serve as state missionaries , but rather a free.floating and critical educated class , membership of which is characterized by a particular kind of mental orientation : `` It is an intelligence so trained that is best fitted to develop into the central kind of mind , the co-ordinating consciousness , capable of performing the function assigned to the class of the educate . ``
it is not leavis 's goal to produce `` national intellectuals `` to serve as state missionaries , but rather a free.floating and critical educated class , membership of which is characterized by a particular kind of mental orientation : `` it is an intelligence so trained that is best fitted to develop into the central kind of mind , the co-ordinating consciousness , capable of performing the [purpose] assigned to the class of the educate . ``

As James Mountford confirms , the stimulus of the war had generated a whole range of books about universities and their function , of which Leavis 's was considered to be one of the most important examples .
as james mountford confirms , the stimulus of the war had generated a whole range of books about universities and their [purpose] , of which leavis 's was considered to be one of the most important examples .

In the context of plans for Keele , Leavis 's concern with bringing specialisms into communication was considered to offer a significant contribution to a sense of the function of universities in a `` democratic `` society .
in the context of plans for keele , leavis 's concern with bringing specialisms into communication was considered to offer a significant contribution to a sense of the [purpose] of universities in a `` democratic `` society .

He is anxious that the student of English should gain a `` representative function `` .
he is anxious that the student of english should gain a `` representative [purpose] `` .

The nature of this `` representative function `` is best illustrated by considering the kind of student which Bateson wishes university English to produce .
the nature of this `` representative [purpose] `` is best illustrated by considering the kind of student which bateson wishes university english to produce .

Rather than ministering to a small elite , these institutions had now established their function as the `` education of the upper intelligence groups of the nation `` , selected according to criteria which included being `` good `` at English in school .
rather than ministering to a small elite , these institutions had now established their [purpose] as the `` education of the upper intelligence groups of the nation `` , selected according to criteria which included being `` good `` at english in school .

By the late 1970s this avowedly elitist tendency had provided an attractive and powerful rallying point for those in English studies who saw it as their function to `` uphold the finest academic and cultural values `` .
by the late 1970s this avowedly elitist tendency had provided an attractive and powerful rallying point for those in english studies who saw it as their [purpose] to `` uphold the finest academic and cultural values `` .

In our region , communication is a function of social space .
in our region , communication is a [purpose] of social space .

Christian communicators have a prophetic function to raise the ethical dimension of communication policies and practices . Are they , for example , based on our concern for the truth , respect for the absolute value of life , our solidarity with the poor and the marginalised and with the realisation that communication is a fundamental human right ?
christian communicators have a prophetic [purpose] to raise the ethical dimension of communication policies and practices . are they , for example , based on our concern for the truth , respect for the absolute value of life , our solidarity with the poor and the marginalised and with the realisation that communication is a fundamental human right ?

If a member of staff can do a better job , give better results , and improve the quality of their work in another function within the office it is common practice in business everywhere to let that person move and develop their skills .
if a member of staff can do a better job , give better results , and improve the quality of their work in another [purpose] within the office it is common practice in business everywhere to let that person move and develop their skills .

These have the same function as public museums which charge entrance fees .
these have the same [purpose] as public museums which charge entrance fees .

Surely , as prime evidence of date and function the artefacts must be integrated into the excavation report itself and the artificial division into materials replaced by objects grouped according to function and deposit .
surely , as prime evidence of date and [purpose] the artefacts must be integrated into the excavation report itself and the artificial division into materials replaced by objects grouped according to [purpose] and deposit .

Pottery has a limited life , determined by the function of the vessels , and thus store jars kept secure in a pantry may remain intact for several generations , while cooking pots , if in constant use , have a very short life .
pottery has a limited life , determined by the [purpose] of the vessels , and thus store jars kept secure in a pantry may remain intact for several generations , while cooking pots , if in constant use , have a very short life .

The excavator , David Neal , could not explain this as merely for domestic use and concluded that it must have had a public function .
the excavator , david neal , could not explain this as merely for domestic use and concluded that it must have had a public [purpose] .

He also pointed out in the report that the excavation produced a disproportionate number of cosmetic articles , although the significance of this evidence is not clear ; the case for the site having had a religious function is strengthened by a consideration of the other buildings .
he also pointed out in the report that the excavation produced a disproportionate number of cosmetic articles , although the significance of this evidence is not clear ; the case for the site having had a religious [purpose] is strengthened by a consideration of the other buildings .

The second site , at Chedworth , has for so long been accepted as the typical Romano-British villa , that one hesitates to question its function .
the second site , at chedworth , has for so long been accepted as the typical romano-british villa , that one hesitates to question its [purpose] .

Laws and institutions primarily provide governments with one ( but not the only ) means for achieving such ends ; their function as tools for controlling government activity is only secondary .
laws and institutions primarily provide governments with one ( but not the only ) means for achieving such ends ; their [purpose] as tools for controlling government activity is only secondary .

This positive facilitating function should not be lost sight of in our study of the negative controlling function .
this positive facilitating [purpose] should not be lost sight of in our study of the negative controlling [purpose] .

These remedies are called ‘ prerogative ’ because the function of controlling the exercise of governmental authority was initially ‘ regarded as a royal prerogative ’ .
these remedies are called ‘ prerogative ’ because the [purpose] of controlling the exercise of governmental authority was initially ‘ regarded as a royal prerogative ’ .

This judicial restraint is partly a function of the doctrine of separation of powers which will be considered in Chapter 20 .
this judicial restraint is partly a [purpose] of the doctrine of separation of powers which will be considered in chapter 20 .

a functional criterion — was the body performing a governmental function ?
a functional criterion — was the body performing a governmental [purpose] ?

But how are we going to decide whether a function is a public one or not ?
but how are we going to decide whether a [purpose] is a public one or not ?

The discussion so far might suggest the following definition : a public function is a function peculiar to government , or a function not peculiar to government the performance of which has an important impact on society at large .
the discussion so far might suggest the following definition : a public [purpose] is a [purpose] peculiar to government , or a [purpose] not peculiar to government the performance of which has an important impact on society at large .

In the end , the question of whether a function is a public one is a political question which may not always be answered in the same way .
in the end , the question of whether a [purpose] is a public one is a political question which may not always be answered in the same way .

To break the circle someone has to decide , by making a value-judgment , whether or not any particular function ought to be subject to public law .
to break the circle someone has to decide , by making a value-judgment , whether or not any particular [purpose] ought to be subject to public law .

In many cases such decisions will be uncontroversial ; but in marginal cases a decision whether or not to subject the performance of a particular function to public law controls may require a court to make difficult political judgments .
in many cases such decisions will be uncontroversial ; but in marginal cases a decision whether or not to subject the performance of a particular [purpose] to public law controls may require a court to make difficult political judgments .

The administration of justice by such bodies is a public function even when all the parties to the action are non-governmental .
the administration of justice by such bodies is a public [purpose] even when all the parties to the action are non-governmental .

We have also seen that there is no mechanical way of deciding whether a function is a public one or not .
we have also seen that there is no mechanical way of deciding whether a [purpose] is a public one or not .

How , then , should a court confronted with the issue go about classifying a function as public or not ?
how , then , should a court confronted with the issue go about classifying a [purpose] as public or not ?

In cases where the respondent is a non-governmental body , it may be possible to ask whether there is evidence that if the respondent had not taken on the function in question , the government would have .
in cases where the respondent is a non-governmental body , it may be possible to ask whether there is evidence that if the respondent had not taken on the [purpose] in question , the government would have .

If so , the function may be a public one .
if so , the [purpose] may be a public one .

The central case of the judicial function is the final and binding resolution of bipartite ( i.e .
the central case of the judicial [purpose] is the final and binding resolution of bipartite ( i.e .

Again , it is not easy to be dogmatic in answer to the question whether a court is exercising a judicial function when it entertains a reference from the Attorney-General as to what the law is on a particular point .
again , it is not easy to be dogmatic in answer to the question whether a court is exercising a judicial [purpose] when it entertains a reference from the attorney-general as to what the law is on a particular point .

For example , the definition of the judicial function may vary according to whether we are concerned with rules about contempt of court , absolute privilege in the law of defamation , judicial immunity from actions in tort , or the applicability of the rules of natural justice .
for example , the definition of the judicial [purpose] may vary according to whether we are concerned with rules about contempt of court , absolute privilege in the law of defamation , judicial immunity from actions in tort , or the applicability of the rules of natural justice .

However , despite the complications , each of these types of function has a relatively clear central core , and the distinction between them is of importance in several areas of administrative law .
however , despite the complications , each of these types of [purpose] has a relatively clear central core , and the distinction between them is of importance in several areas of administrative law .

It should be noted , however , that it is by no means true that each function is performed only by the branch of government with the corresponding name .
it should be noted , however , that it is by no means true that each [purpose] is performed only by the branch of government with the corresponding name .

In particular , the executive exercises all three types of function .
in particular , the executive exercises all three types of [purpose] .

The distinction was drawn in the following terms : both types of function involved the resolution of a dispute , but whereas the former involved resolution by recourse to law , the latter allowed and often required recourse to considerations of public policy .
the distinction was drawn in the following terms : both types of [purpose] involved the resolution of a dispute , but whereas the former involved resolution by recourse to law , the latter allowed and often required recourse to considerations of public policy .

This last point raises a fundamental question about the nature and function of standing rules .
this last point raises a fundamental question about the nature and [purpose] of standing rules .

On the other hand , this argument assumes that the function of judicial review is first and foremost to provide redress against illegal government action rather than to protect the personal interests of litigants .
on the other hand , this argument assumes that the [purpose] of judicial review is first and foremost to provide redress against illegal government action rather than to protect the personal interests of litigants .

The Function of Standing Rules
the [purpose] of standing rules

What is the function of standing rules ?
what is the [purpose] of standing rules ?

If the prime function of judicial review is seen as being to provide remedies against unlawful behaviour by government , then there should be only an absolutely minimal standing requirement such as ‘ taxpayer ’ or ‘ citizen ’ , or even no requirement at all ( ‘ any person ’ ) .
if the prime [purpose] of judicial review is seen as being to provide remedies against unlawful behaviour by government , then there should be only an absolutely minimal standing requirement such as ‘ taxpayer ’ or ‘ citizen ’ , or even no requirement at all ( ‘ any person ’ ) .

The function of certiorari is inextricably tied up with the theory of jurisdiction which is discussed in Chapter 6 .
the [purpose] of certiorari is inextricably tied up with the theory of jurisdiction which is discussed in chapter 6 .

However , there is in theory a distinction between the effects of two types of error of law ( ‘ jurisdictional ’ and ‘ non-jurisdictional ’ ) , which is relevant to the function of the order of certiorari .
however , there is in theory a distinction between the effects of two types of error of law ( ‘ jurisdictional ’ and ‘ non-jurisdictional ’ ) , which is relevant to the [purpose] of the order of certiorari .

The prerogative order of prohibition , as its name implies , performs the function of ordering a body amenable to it to refrain from illegal action .
the prerogative order of prohibition , as its name implies , performs the [purpose] of ordering a body amenable to it to refrain from illegal action .

Its issue presupposes that some function of the body remains to be performed , and this sets an internal time limit after which the order could not issue ( although an applicant can be denied the order because of undue delay even before the expiry of this time ) .
its issue presupposes that some [purpose] of the body remains to be performed , and this sets an internal time limit after which the order could not issue ( although an applicant can be denied the order because of undue delay even before the expiry of this time ) .

The declaration is available to perform the declaratory function of certiorari ( i.e .
the declaration is available to perform the declaratory [purpose] of certiorari ( i.e .

in relation to ultra vires decisions ) but not to perform its constitutive function .
in relation to ultra vires decisions ) but not to perform its constitutive [purpose] .

The injunction performs essentially the same function as an order of prohibition , namely to restrain a person or body from illegal action .
the injunction performs essentially the same [purpose] as an order of prohibition , namely to restrain a person or body from illegal action .

It is also possible to obtain a mandatory injunction which performs essentially the same function as an order of mandamus , that is to require a body to do its legal duty .
it is also possible to obtain a mandatory injunction which performs essentially the same [purpose] as an order of mandamus , that is to require a body to do its legal duty .

The main function of interim relief is to prevent this happening by ordering the respondent to refrain from giving effect to its decision pending the trial of the action .
the main [purpose] of interim relief is to prevent this happening by ordering the respondent to refrain from giving effect to its decision pending the trial of the action .

On the other hand , public authorities do not usually commit illegal acts deliberately , and if an atmosphere of opinion were created in which compensation for illegality were seen as being simply compensation for loss and not as carrying any stigma of fault or as being designed to perform the function of deterring illegal conduct , public authorities might be able to put the chance of an award out of their mind in deciding the applicant 's case the second time round .
on the other hand , public authorities do not usually commit illegal acts deliberately , and if an atmosphere of opinion were created in which compensation for illegality were seen as being simply compensation for loss and not as carrying any stigma of fault or as being designed to perform the [purpose] of deterring illegal conduct , public authorities might be able to put the chance of an award out of their mind in deciding the applicant 's case the second time round .

The cases perhaps support the principle that an alternative remedy will oust judicial jurisdiction if it performs the same function as the available judicial remedy ; but if it performs a different function , the court will have a discretion to refuse a remedy .
the cases perhaps support the principle that an alternative remedy will oust judicial jurisdiction if it performs the same [purpose] as the available judicial remedy ; but if it performs a different [purpose] , the court will have a discretion to refuse a remedy .

Ultimately , the balance is a question of individual judgment guided , perhaps , by some notion of the function of judicial review .
ultimately , the balance is a question of individual judgment guided , perhaps , by some notion of the [purpose] of judicial review .

Once again , judicial views about the function and importance of judicial remedies , even if unexpressed , are bound to underlie decisions about the effect of alternative remedies .
once again , judicial views about the [purpose] and importance of judicial remedies , even if unexpressed , are bound to underlie decisions about the effect of alternative remedies .

Views about the proper role and function of judicial remedies to control government activity are inevitably political in nature in the sense that they concern the allocation of decision-making power in society .
views about the proper role and [purpose] of judicial remedies to control government activity are inevitably political in nature in the sense that they concern the allocation of decision-making power in society .

The function of the leave requirement is not spelled out in Order 53 , but it is designed to weed out cases which have no real chance of success or which might be called ‘ frivolous ’ or ‘ vexatious ’ in the sense of being brought not out of a genuine interest in the outcome but for some ulterior motive such as to make things difficult for a government agency .
the [purpose] of the leave requirement is not spelled out in order 53 , but it is designed to weed out cases which have no real chance of success or which might be called ‘ frivolous ’ or ‘ vexatious ’ in the sense of being brought not out of a genuine interest in the outcome but for some ulterior motive such as to make things difficult for a government agency .

If the function of the leave requirement is to weed out unarguable or vexatious cases it might be expected that only a small proportion of cases would fail at this stage .
if the [purpose] of the leave requirement is to weed out unarguable or vexatious cases it might be expected that only a small proportion of cases would fail at this stage .

However , it seems that leave is refused for between a quarter and a third of all AJRs , and this might suggest that the leave requirement is performing some other function such as keeping the number of pending AJRs down so that the delay between the granting of leave and the hearing is not too great .
however , it seems that leave is refused for between a quarter and a third of all ajrs , and this might suggest that the leave requirement is performing some other [purpose] such as keeping the number of pending ajrs down so that the delay between the granting of leave and the hearing is not too great .

If the case did concern a public function , the court would have to decide whether the applicant had sufficient standing , whether the case was brought in time , and whether the case was a hopeless , frivolous , or vexatious one .
if the case did concern a public [purpose] , the court would have to decide whether the applicant had sufficient standing , whether the case was brought in time , and whether the case was a hopeless , frivolous , or vexatious one .

Political constraint is one of the problems that undermine the capacity of the mass media to appropriately and effectively fulfill their function of building democratic societies and protecting and defending human rights in Africa . Therefore , we call for :
political constraint is one of the problems that undermine the capacity of the mass media to appropriately and effectively fulfill their [purpose] of building democratic societies and protecting and defending human rights in africa . therefore , we call for :

Indeed , we must suspect that under the interests theory the criterion of personal responsibility is no more than a function of social policy : the more highly the interest is regarded , the closer we are drawn towards unlimited personal responsibility .
indeed , we must suspect that under the interests theory the criterion of personal responsibility is no more than a [purpose] of social policy : the more highly the interest is regarded , the closer we are drawn towards unlimited personal responsibility .

Nevertheless , commentators have argued that the function of these legal rules is to provide a standard set of terms to govern the relationship between the shareholders and the directors , the object being to reduce the transaction costs involved in the parties negotiating a private bargain .
nevertheless , commentators have argued that the [purpose] of these legal rules is to provide a standard set of terms to govern the relationship between the shareholders and the directors , the object being to reduce the transaction costs involved in the parties negotiating a private bargain .

The fact that the shareholders within the large company were increasingly becoming passive investors , irrelevant within the company except for their function in supplying the capital of the company , was entirely consonant with this image of the company .
the fact that the shareholders within the large company were increasingly becoming passive investors , irrelevant within the company except for their [purpose] in supplying the capital of the company , was entirely consonant with this image of the company .

This role can best be fulfilled by the board if the majority of directors are independent of the executive over whom they exercise a supervisory , checking function .
this role can best be fulfilled by the board if the majority of directors are independent of the executive over whom they exercise a supervisory , checking [purpose] .

One analysis of the function of these duties is that they ensure that the directors of the company have sufficient discretion and flexibility to be able to manage the company efficiently , whilst precluding them from exercising this discretion contrary to the interests of the shareholders .
one analysis of the [purpose] of these duties is that they ensure that the directors of the company have sufficient discretion and flexibility to be able to manage the company efficiently , whilst precluding them from exercising this discretion contrary to the interests of the shareholders .

Another analysis of the function of imposing fiduciary duties on directors is that these duties are designed to ensure that directors act only within the ambit of their special expertise .
another analysis of the [purpose] of imposing fiduciary duties on directors is that these duties are designed to ensure that directors act only within the ambit of their special expertise .

The function of fiduciary duties is to provide the courts with standards of review that enable them to guarantee that corporate managers do not act outside the limits of their special competence .
the [purpose] of fiduciary duties is to provide the courts with standards of review that enable them to guarantee that corporate managers do not act outside the limits of their special competence .

Once again a similar argument exists in administrative law-namely that the function of judicial review is to ensure that public bodies only take decisions which are within the scope of their expertise .
once again a similar argument exists in administrative law-namely that the [purpose] of judicial review is to ensure that public bodies only take decisions which are within the scope of their expertise .

It is said to function through the mechanism of the take-over bid so as to allocate the assets of companies to those managers who can put them to their best use , thereby disciplining managers to maximize profits or face the threat of a take-over bid ousting them from their jobs .
it is said to [purpose] through the mechanism of the take-over bid so as to allocate the assets of companies to those managers who can put them to their best use , thereby disciplining managers to maximize profits or face the threat of a take-over bid ousting them from their jobs .

That view rested , however , on the assumption that the shareholders exercised ultimate control and responsibility over their property , even if the function of managing the property had been delegated to corporate managers .
that view rested , however , on the assumption that the shareholders exercised ultimate control and responsibility over their property , even if the [purpose] of managing the property had been delegated to corporate managers .

What is being expressed here is a statement about the limits of law 's hortatory function .
what is being expressed here is a statement about the limits of law 's hortatory [purpose] .

Criticism of this laments the loss of law 's hortatory function in laying down rules for the future , lack of predictability , universality or generality of the law , the undermining of the moral authority of the judiciary , and the expansion of litigation as each case seeks its individual adjudication .
criticism of this laments the loss of law 's hortatory [purpose] in laying down rules for the future , lack of predictability , universality or generality of the law , the undermining of the moral authority of the judiciary , and the expansion of litigation as each case seeks its individual adjudication .

It is his hope that with a return to what he calls principles law may yet recover its hortatory function .
it is his hope that with a return to what he calls principles law may yet recover its hortatory [purpose] .

To understand this point one has to ask how the family has been internally regulated , given that law has claimed no hortatory function over family behaviour and has limited itself to dispute-resolution when things go wrong .
to understand this point one has to ask how the family has been internally regulated , given that law has claimed no hortatory [purpose] over family behaviour and has limited itself to dispute-resolution when things go wrong .

Excuses and equity function retrospectively in particular cases rather than as general prospective rules seeking to guide conduct .
excuses and equity [purpose] retrospectively in particular cases rather than as general prospective rules seeking to guide conduct .

If these intuitions are justified it follows that some exhaustive analyses of the concepts of excuse misconceive the social function and thereby distort the nature and operation of the criminal law .
if these intuitions are justified it follows that some exhaustive analyses of the concepts of excuse misconceive the social [purpose] and thereby distort the nature and operation of the criminal law .

These considerations suggest that conceptual analysis in criminal law is complex , turning upon philosophies of mind and action , theories of the social function of law or upon moral philosophy .
these considerations suggest that conceptual analysis in criminal law is complex , turning upon philosophies of mind and action , theories of the social [purpose] of law or upon moral philosophy .

There is a need not only for some ‘ sociological ’ appreciation of the institutional framework and the social function of law and punishment but also for some philosophy of mind and action and a moral philosophy .
there is a need not only for some ‘ sociological ’ appreciation of the institutional framework and the social [purpose] of law and punishment but also for some philosophy of mind and action and a moral philosophy .

Indeed , if it could be shown that any content is possible consistent with the general requirements of justice , then ‘ justice ’ or ‘ natural law ’ would be stripped of their critical function whereby that which does not exhibit conformity of content with ‘ justice ’ or with ‘ natural law ’ is disqualified as law or , at least , is in some way a law less compelling upon conscience .
indeed , if it could be shown that any content is possible consistent with the general requirements of justice , then ‘ justice ’ or ‘ natural law ’ would be stripped of their critical [purpose] whereby that which does not exhibit conformity of content with ‘ justice ’ or with ‘ natural law ’ is disqualified as law or , at least , is in some way a law less compelling upon conscience .

What content the law has would then be entirely a contingent and empirical matter dependent upon the values , beliefs , intuitions , ideals , interests and emotions of whosoever has the lawmaking function in hand .
what content the law has would then be entirely a contingent and empirical matter dependent upon the values , beliefs , intuitions , ideals , interests and emotions of whosoever has the lawmaking [purpose] in hand .

Each team is accompanied by an assistant whose only function is to quickly scoop up any droppings .
each team is accompanied by an assistant whose only [purpose] is to quickly scoop up any droppings .

The bottled woman arouses desire but does not satisfy it a function similar to modern advertising .
the bottled woman arouses desire but does not satisfy it a [purpose] similar to modern advertising .

Eight years ago the function of the auction houses changed from that of middlemen handling the occasional wonderful contemporary collection like that of the Sculls to that of primary dealers in contemporary art .
eight years ago the [purpose] of the auction houses changed from that of middlemen handling the occasional wonderful contemporary collection like that of the sculls to that of primary dealers in contemporary art .

In the cases of chronic obstructive lung disease , if a young person gives up smoking , their lung function will improve .
in the cases of chronic obstructive lung disease , if a young person gives up smoking , their lung [purpose] will improve .

Adults with asthma experience a significant and substantial decline in lung function when exposed to sidestream smoke for one hour [ 3 ] .
adults with asthma experience a significant and substantial decline in lung [purpose] when exposed to sidestream smoke for one hour [ 3 ] .

Since his administration there had to function without his presence , it was crucial to its development that competent seneschals should be appointed to represent him .
since his administration there had to [purpose] without his presence , it was crucial to its development that competent seneschals should be appointed to represent him .

Though you will note differences in the focus of their individual approach , as stated previously , all cognitive therapy techniques are based upon the premise that an individual 's maladaptive behaviour is a function of distorted and irrational thinking and that altering these ways of thinking is an effective technique for changing behaviour .
though you will note differences in the focus of their individual approach , as stated previously , all cognitive therapy techniques are based upon the premise that an individual 's maladaptive behaviour is a [purpose] of distorted and irrational thinking and that altering these ways of thinking is an effective technique for changing behaviour .

Nobody can function effectively when attempting to move simultaneously in opposite directions .
nobody can [purpose] effectively when attempting to move simultaneously in opposite directions .

Objectives perform an important function .
objectives perform an important [purpose] .

When taken in excess alcohol causes liver damage , blood sugar problems , impaired brain function , and induces dependence .
when taken in excess alcohol causes liver damage , blood sugar problems , impaired brain [purpose] , and induces dependence .

Sleep provides a restorative function within the body , slowing down bodily processes , and providing a much needed break from daily stress .
sleep provides a restorative [purpose] within the body , slowing down bodily processes , and providing a much needed break from daily stress .

‘ The aim is that the creative function , which is necessary for European identity will be protected ’ , he has said .
‘ the aim is that the creative [purpose] , which is necessary for european identity will be protected ’ , he has said .

The museum function of the Neue Galerie will be explored through the work of those artists who deal in the language of art : the museum as a box of wonders is a theme developed by Paolini , Gerhard Merz , Kosuth and Steinbach .
the museum [purpose] of the neue galerie will be explored through the work of those artists who deal in the language of art : the museum as a box of wonders is a theme developed by paolini , gerhard merz , kosuth and steinbach .

Other sketchbooks contain swift pencil notations which correspond to oil paintings , although it is not entirely clear what function they served and whether Monet consulted them at any later stage in the evolution of his compositions .
other sketchbooks contain swift pencil notations which correspond to oil paintings , although it is not entirely clear what [purpose] they served and whether monet consulted them at any later stage in the evolution of his compositions .

Gossip , defined as ‘ idle , unconstrained talk especially about persons or social incidents ’ is a function of many gregarious rituals .
gossip , defined as ‘ idle , unconstrained talk especially about persons or social incidents ’ is a [purpose] of many gregarious rituals .

Every social class except women was to be ranked on a hierarchical scale of importance and specialization of function .
every social class except women was to be ranked on a hierarchical scale of importance and specialization of [purpose] .

Because she alone has the capacity to give birth to and nurse children , her primary function is seen as one of mother and homemaker … it is clear that working occupies a more important place in the lives of men than women .
because she alone has the capacity to give birth to and nurse children , her primary [purpose] is seen as one of mother and homemaker … it is clear that working occupies a more important place in the lives of men than women .

Thus one latent function of the creative cookery ideal is the production of dissatisfaction .
thus one latent [purpose] of the creative cookery ideal is the production of dissatisfaction .

This suggests that , in part , the housewife 's dissatisfaction with her work is a function of downward social mobility .
this suggests that , in part , the housewife 's dissatisfaction with her work is a [purpose] of downward social mobility .

Job satisfaction or dissatisfaction is a function of the perceived relationship between what one wants from one 's job and what one sees it as offering or entailing .
job satisfaction or dissatisfaction is a [purpose] of the perceived relationship between what one wants from one 's job and what one sees it as offering or entailing .

All these strands of thought fulfil a latent function for the housewife .
all these strands of thought fulfil a latent [purpose] for the housewife .

The function of technology in the factory is quite different from its function in the home .
the [purpose] of technology in the factory is quite different from its [purpose] in the home .

In her case , the function is not the straightforward reduction of repetitiveness , but rather the creation of constantly rising expectations which she can then try to meet .
in her case , the [purpose] is not the straightforward reduction of repetitiveness , but rather the creation of constantly rising expectations which she can then try to meet .

Following the lines laid down there , and using Bernstein 's work on class and language codes , we could say that a language of explicit meaning ( broadly speaking , the middle-class code ) is a language in which what is expressed is ‘ a function of the psychological qualities of the person ’ .
following the lines laid down there , and using bernstein 's work on class and language codes , we could say that a language of explicit meaning ( broadly speaking , the middle-class code ) is a language in which what is expressed is ‘ a [purpose] of the psychological qualities of the person ’ .

However , such a detailed service is usually organised primarily for the consumer rather than for the media , though answering press queries will be part of its function .
however , such a detailed service is usually organised primarily for the consumer rather than for the media , though answering press queries will be part of its [purpose] .

The question of where to entertain is a function both of your budget and the inclination of your guest .
the question of where to entertain is a [purpose] both of your budget and the inclination of your guest .

In the preparation of a project report , as in the organization of any other form of writing , structure is the function of purpose .
in the preparation of a project report , as in the organization of any other form of writing , structure is the [purpose] of purpose .

But successive generations of young people have embarked on their sexual experimenting without knowing very much about themselves — their own bodies , what turns them on , how they function sexually — and knowing virtually nothing about their partners .
but successive generations of young people have embarked on their sexual experimenting without knowing very much about themselves — their own bodies , what turns them on , how they [purpose] sexually — and knowing virtually nothing about their partners .

Some rugs are also more durable than others , and you should remember to take this into account when choosing the type most suited to each room or function .
some rugs are also more durable than others , and you should remember to take this into account when choosing the type most suited to each room or [purpose] .

The cost function must satisfy the condition that : Therefore , to minimize industry costs with two firms , and with this cost structure , they must each produce half .
the cost [purpose] must satisfy the condition that : therefore , to minimize industry costs with two firms , and with this cost structure , they must each produce half .

An analogy may then usefully be drawn between the one input-two output production function and the rather more familiar two input-one output function .
an analogy may then usefully be drawn between the one input-two output production [purpose] and the rather more familiar two input-one output [purpose] .

Then a cost function is transray convex if :
then a cost [purpose] is transray convex if :

Using λ for the multiplier , the Lagrangean function is : so that λ can be thought of as the weight ( > 0 ) attaching to the firm 's profits as opposed to consumer utility .
using λ for the multiplier , the lagrangean [purpose] is : so that λ can be thought of as the weight ( > 0 ) attaching to the firm 's profits as opposed to consumer utility .

In discussing the single-product case , we found that subadditivity at the relevant output , the necessary and sufficient condition for natural monopoly , was not related in any close way to features of the cost function .
in discussing the single-product case , we found that subadditivity at the relevant output , the necessary and sufficient condition for natural monopoly , was not related in any close way to features of the cost [purpose] .

The reason why this can happen is ( to recall figure 2.3 ) that economies of scope involve a comparison between points on the axes of a cost function drawn in output space , with an interior point .
the reason why this can happen is ( to recall figure 2.3 ) that economies of scope involve a comparison between points on the axes of a cost [purpose] drawn in output space , with an interior point .

Taking a section ( hyperplane ) across the cost function , gives us a picture like 2.5b .
taking a section ( hyperplane ) across the cost [purpose] , gives us a picture like 2.5b .

The Weak Invisible Hand Theorem states that `` Under a set of assumptions — including a cost function exhibiting both economies of scale and transray convexity , Ramsey-optional price-output vectors are sufficient to guarantee sustainability `` ( Baumol et al .
the weak invisible hand theorem states that `` under a set of assumptions — including a cost [purpose] exhibiting both economies of scale and transray convexity , ramsey-optional price-output vectors are sufficient to guarantee sustainability `` ( baumol et al .

As Spence ( 1975 ) says , `` the firm , in large part , consists of non-market institutions whose function is to deal with resource allocation in the presence of informational constraints that markets handle poorly or do not handle at all `` ( p. 164 ) .
as spence ( 1975 ) says , `` the firm , in large part , consists of non-market institutions whose [purpose] is to deal with resource allocation in the presence of informational constraints that markets handle poorly or do not handle at all `` ( p. 164 ) .

Nevertheless , it would seem sensible to say that , given a set of firms in a perfectly competitive market , some of which ( perhaps because of a more concentrated distribution of shares ) face quite tight constraints on their efficiency , these relatively efficient firms are likely to provide some form of policing function over the others .
nevertheless , it would seem sensible to say that , given a set of firms in a perfectly competitive market , some of which ( perhaps because of a more concentrated distribution of shares ) face quite tight constraints on their efficiency , these relatively efficient firms are likely to provide some form of policing [purpose] over the others .

This policing function is less likely to be present in the case of a monopolist , which does not face direct product market pressure .
this policing [purpose] is less likely to be present in the case of a monopolist , which does not face direct product market pressure .

Such people have a concave utility of income function , i.e .
such people have a concave utility of income [purpose] , i.e .

In the textbook theory of the firm , the cost function is drawn assuming both technical and economic efficiency .
in the textbook theory of the firm , the cost [purpose] is drawn assuming both technical and economic efficiency .

In practice , the state or its regulatory authority is unlikely to know as much as those in the firm about the demand curve , the production function or , even , the competitive level of factor prices .
in practice , the state or its regulatory authority is unlikely to know as much as those in the firm about the demand curve , the production [purpose] or , even , the competitive level of factor prices .

Therefore , in order to maintain control it can not specify the production function and so on explicitly as a constraint .
therefore , in order to maintain control it can not specify the production [purpose] and so on explicitly as a constraint .

Assuming binding constraints , and taking the case where there is only one product y with price p ( or independent demands ) , means we may write the Lagrangean function from ( 4.2 ) with multipliers μ and λ as : Then , the first order conditions give ; being , being , and .
assuming binding constraints , and taking the case where there is only one product y with price p ( or independent demands ) , means we may write the lagrangean [purpose] from ( 4.2 ) with multipliers μ and λ as : then , the first order conditions give ; being , being , and .

Additionally , assuming we are interested in social welfare , the manager 's pay should be made a function of that , if possible .
additionally , assuming we are interested in social welfare , the manager 's pay should be made a [purpose] of that , if possible .

It is fairly clear from the discussion above that , whatever the type of managerial utility `` function assumed , some controls may be imposed which can improve performance .
it is fairly clear from the discussion above that , whatever the type of managerial utility `` [purpose] assumed , some controls may be imposed which can improve performance .

For example , it can also function as a pointing device .
for example , it can also [purpose] as a pointing device .

Furthermore , they showed that over 80 % of the content words were fixated , compared to only 40 % of the function words .
furthermore , they showed that over 80 % of the content words were fixated , compared to only 40 % of the [purpose] words .

Semantic memory can not work in this way , since in itself it is partly responsible for performing this function .
semantic memory can not work in this way , since in itself it is partly responsible for performing this [purpose] .

it can be seen that the feature list for the ’ dance ’ sense of ’ ball ’ needs to be modified to include the act of ’ hitting ’ ; and with it , everything else that can occur at such a function .
it can be seen that the feature list for the ’ dance ’ sense of ’ ball ’ needs to be modified to include the act of ’ hitting ’ ; and with it , everything else that can occur at such a [purpose] .

This sentence ( like most others ) is composed of the two types of words : function words and content words .
this sentence ( like most others ) is composed of the two types of words : [purpose] words and content words .

Function words are those which give structure to a sentence , such as articles , pronouns , prepositions , etc .
[purpose] words are those which give structure to a sentence , such as articles , pronouns , prepositions , etc .

All function words in this list are assigned an index of zero , to indicate their lack of semantic content and hence non-participation in the overlap process .
all [purpose] words in this list are assigned an index of zero , to indicate their lack of semantic content and hence non-participation in the overlap process .

At this point , any function words are assigned a score equal to the maximum overlap score multiplied by a constant ( they were not overlapped by the program and therefore have a score of zero so far ) .
at this point , any [purpose] words are assigned a score equal to the maximum overlap score multiplied by a constant ( they were not overlapped by the program and therefore have a score of zero so far ) .

For example , what should the value of this function word constant be ?
for example , what should the value of this [purpose] word constant be ?

( At present , it is set at 0.66 , which reflects the relatively high frequency of function words in normal text . )
( at present , it is set at 0.66 , which reflects the relatively high frequency of [purpose] words in normal text . )

If the correct word is a function word , proceed to next sentence position ;
if the correct word is a [purpose] word , proceed to next sentence position ;

Secondly , the current technique makes no use of function words .
secondly , the current technique makes no use of [purpose] words .

In both the Parsonian model and in the orthodox Marxist version , the function of the family is to secure the maintenance of the existing social order economically , ideologically and sexually .
in both the parsonian model and in the orthodox marxist version , the [purpose] of the family is to secure the maintenance of the existing social order economically , ideologically and sexually .

As the legislative attitude to prostitution indicates , there was an underlying implicit acceptance of the double standard for much of the century , and a tacit assumption that the function of the machinery of the state , local and national , was to regulate the public sphere and not the private .
as the legislative attitude to prostitution indicates , there was an underlying implicit acceptance of the double standard for much of the century , and a tacit assumption that the [purpose] of the machinery of the state , local and national , was to regulate the public sphere and not the private .

That is its sole function as prescribed by the Statutes , though membership of Convocation also carries with it certain privileges , such as use of the University Library .
that is its sole [purpose] as prescribed by the statutes , though membership of convocation also carries with it certain privileges , such as use of the university library .

Convocation is at present financed entirely by a grant made by the University , in recognition of its statutory function .
convocation is at present financed entirely by a grant made by the university , in recognition of its statutory [purpose] .

This would need to retain within it the unique legal function of Convocation which would be restricted to those at present eligible to exercise it , that is to graduates and staff alone .
this would need to retain within it the unique legal [purpose] of convocation which would be restricted to those at present eligible to exercise it , that is to graduates and staff alone .

Apart from this statutory function , such an Association would need to be largely self-financing , which implies a structured system of membership subscriptions .
apart from this statutory [purpose] , such an association would need to be largely self-financing , which implies a structured system of membership subscriptions .

The Exchequer 's secondary function was the payment of the King 's debts ; provided that the King had some money for discharging them , it performed this task efficiently but slowly .
the exchequer 's secondary [purpose] was the payment of the king 's debts ; provided that the king had some money for discharging them , it performed this task efficiently but slowly .

Six unco-ordinated offices were used for receiving revenue : the old Exchequer , the King 's Chamber — by now reverting to its old function of a domestic household treasury — the Court of Wards and Liveries , the Duchy of Lancaster , the Court of Augmentations , and the Court of First Fruits .
six unco-ordinated offices were used for receiving revenue : the old exchequer , the king 's chamber — by now reverting to its old [purpose] of a domestic household treasury — the court of wards and liveries , the duchy of lancaster , the court of augmentations , and the court of first fruits .

Secondly , claims that the family is losing its educational function need to be balanced by an acknowledgment that increasing emphasis is now placed on the central role parents play in their child 's development , even where very young children spend part of the day in the care of another ( see Part Two ) .
secondly , claims that the family is losing its educational [purpose] need to be balanced by an acknowledgment that increasing emphasis is now placed on the central role parents play in their child 's development , even where very young children spend part of the day in the care of another ( see part two ) .

Even the so-called ‘ sexual function ’ of the family — that is the function of regulating and channelling sexual activity — would appear to be of more limited significance today , although supporters and opponents of the ‘ permissive society ’ alike may both be guilty of confusing talk about and representations of sexual activity with actual practice .
even the so-called ‘ sexual [purpose] ’ of the family — that is the [purpose] of regulating and channelling sexual activity — would appear to be of more limited significance today , although supporters and opponents of the ‘ permissive society ’ alike may both be guilty of confusing talk about and representations of sexual activity with actual practice .

Taking the first function , while it is true that the education ( and hence , also , [ … ] socialization — since the two can not be readily separated ) of children and young adults has increasingly been taken over by agencies outside the home such as schools , play-groups and youth organizations , the basic primary socialization of the child is still very much a responsibility of a nuclear family .
taking the first [purpose] , while it is true that the education ( and hence , also , [ … ] socialization — since the two can not be readily separated ) of children and young adults has increasingly been taken over by agencies outside the home such as schools , play-groups and youth organizations , the basic primary socialization of the child is still very much a responsibility of a nuclear family .

When some sociologists talk of the ‘ socialization function of the family ’ , therefore , they are not talking of a family deliberately and consciously performing a function assigned to it from outside by ‘ society ’ , but rather of a more subtle process that arises out of the facts of being married , of sharing a residence over a long period of time , and of parenthood .
when some sociologists talk of the ‘ socialization [purpose] of the family ’ , therefore , they are not talking of a family deliberately and consciously performing a [purpose] assigned to it from outside by ‘ society ’ , but rather of a more subtle process that arises out of the facts of being married , of sharing a residence over a long period of time , and of parenthood .

The modern nuclear or conjugal family , however , does not simply fulfil the function of socializing children ; according to Parsons , it also fulfils functions for adults .
the modern nuclear or conjugal family , however , does not simply fulfil the [purpose] of socializing children ; according to parsons , it also fulfils functions for adults .

In some ways not altogether opposed to the hygienist school ( they did not very much approve of cuddling , although as early as 1932 Ian Suttie had protested against the ‘ taboo on tenderness ’ ) , nevertheless a basic interest in the child 's natural intellectual and social development , together with a less inhibited approach to sexual function , opened the door to greater permissiveness generally .
in some ways not altogether opposed to the hygienist school ( they did not very much approve of cuddling , although as early as 1932 ian suttie had protested against the ‘ taboo on tenderness ’ ) , nevertheless a basic interest in the child 's natural intellectual and social development , together with a less inhibited approach to sexual [purpose] , opened the door to greater permissiveness generally .

Those considered for treatment should not have abnormal liver , cardiac or renal function as the physiological stress of high dose treatment may be dangerous .
those considered for treatment should not have abnormal liver , cardiac or renal [purpose] as the physiological stress of high dose treatment may be dangerous .

Major toxicities generally occur after two to three days of treatment , and result from a combination of fundamental changes in hormonal regulatory systems and the function of certain cells .
major toxicities generally occur after two to three days of treatment , and result from a combination of fundamental changes in hormonal regulatory systems and the [purpose] of certain cells .

The function of a number of body systems is affected as a result of both the generalised tissue oedema and hypotension .
the [purpose] of a number of body systems is affected as a result of both the generalised tissue oedema and hypotension .

Respiratory function is usually decreased by tissue oedema , and some patients may therefore need oxygen therapy .
respiratory [purpose] is usually decreased by tissue oedema , and some patients may therefore need oxygen therapy .

Renal function also progressively deteriorates during high dose therapy , leading to both oliguria and electrolytes disturbances .
renal [purpose] also progressively deteriorates during high dose therapy , leading to both oliguria and electrolytes disturbances .

Criteria for selection were that at least one parent had intractable seizures ; children were of school age ; the family could function in a group setting and there were no major psychiatric or psychological problems .
criteria for selection were that at least one parent had intractable seizures ; children were of school age ; the family could [purpose] in a group setting and there were no major psychiatric or psychological problems .

Assists in maintaining proper bowel function and affords protection against diverticulosis , haemorrhoids and varicose veins .
assists in maintaining proper bowel [purpose] and affords protection against diverticulosis , haemorrhoids and varicose veins .

There is a common rule to follow regardless of the style or the function of a report .
there is a common rule to follow regardless of the style or the [purpose] of a report .

They have a function when they focus attention on the object of the verb .
they have a [purpose] when they focus attention on the object of the verb .

‘ Form follows function ’ is a phrase which is often used when discussing organisational structures .
‘ form follows [purpose] ’ is a phrase which is often used when discussing organisational structures .

It means that the design of the structure — the form — has to be led by the function which has to be performed if the organisation is to be successful .
it means that the design of the structure — the form — has to be led by the [purpose] which has to be performed if the organisation is to be successful .

One structural dimension whether it is product , geography or function predominates .
one structural dimension whether it is product , geography or [purpose] predominates .

In order to do this you need to consider whether a particular department , section or function is directly concerned with the main operational function of the College .
in order to do this you need to consider whether a particular department , section or [purpose] is directly concerned with the main operational [purpose] of the college .

The operational function is the provision of teaching and learning opportunities for students .
the operational [purpose] is the provision of teaching and learning opportunities for students .

They have the function of making policies , taking decisions , and co-ordinating activities .
they have the [purpose] of making policies , taking decisions , and co-ordinating activities .

Indeed , they differ from substantive rules only in that the latter have no dictionary function .
indeed , they differ from substantive rules only in that the latter have no dictionary [purpose] .

Again , this pressure was resisted by the Study Group and the ensuing group of governmental experts , on the ground that whilst some provisions of the Convention would be appropriate to both types of lease , the primary function of the Convention was to recognize the particular financial nature of a finance lease by giving a substantial degree of immunity from suit to the lessor and transferring liability to the supplier .
again , this pressure was resisted by the study group and the ensuing group of governmental experts , on the ground that whilst some provisions of the convention would be appropriate to both types of lease , the primary [purpose] of the convention was to recognize the particular financial nature of a finance lease by giving a substantial degree of immunity from suit to the lessor and transferring liability to the supplier .

In essence , then , the scope of a harmonizing measure is determined by the nature and extent of the problem to be tackled , the function of the particular body undertaking the measure , and the feasibility of the project in terms of ability to reach agreement within a reasonable time-frame .
in essence , then , the scope of a harmonizing measure is determined by the nature and extent of the problem to be tackled , the [purpose] of the particular body undertaking the measure , and the feasibility of the project in terms of ability to reach agreement within a reasonable time-frame .

Beginning with two case studies , it then turns to the way commercial law has been intended to function , and in fact has functioned to facilitate market transactions in developed market economies .
beginning with two case studies , it then turns to the way commercial law has been intended to [purpose] , and in fact has functioned to facilitate market transactions in developed market economies .

This Act gives the legal framework for ‘ reducing of the function of the state as owner of the means of production ’ .
this act gives the legal framework for ‘ reducing of the [purpose] of the state as owner of the means of production ’ .

An important further function of the agency is supervision of the conversion of state enterprises into limited companies .
an important further [purpose] of the agency is supervision of the conversion of state enterprises into limited companies .

To say that religious belief could function as a presupposition of science need not entail the strong claim that , without a prior theology , science would never have taken off .
to say that religious belief could [purpose] as a presupposition of science need not entail the strong claim that , without a prior theology , science would never have taken off .

This has been a recurring function as scientists have repeatedly had to justify the place of science in their culture .
this has been a recurring [purpose] as scientists have repeatedly had to justify the place of science in their culture .

Propositions deduced from Scripture have also fulfilled an explanatory function .
propositions deduced from scripture have also fulfilled an explanatory [purpose] .

During that latter period , the function of science in British society was increasingly perceived in terms of national prosperity , economic strength , and military security .
during that latter period , the [purpose] of science in british society was increasingly perceived in terms of national prosperity , economic strength , and military security .

In the Parliamentary setting a similar function was performed an All-Party Penal Affairs Group .
in the parliamentary setting a similar [purpose] was performed an all-party penal affairs group .

The key function none the less lies in the drawing up of the legislation ; deciding what should go into a bill and what should be omitted , and how the proposals should be drafted .
the key [purpose] none the less lies in the drawing up of the legislation ; deciding what should go into a bill and what should be omitted , and how the proposals should be drafted .

Whereas there is general acceptance that the apportionment of punishment is a judicial function , the legal framework of penalties is the creation of Parliament .
whereas there is general acceptance that the apportionment of punishment is a judicial [purpose] , the legal framework of penalties is the creation of parliament .

Although varying in constitution , function and procedure , tribunals typically dealt with cases in which an individual citizen was at issue with a government department , or some other public body , over his rights or obligations under a statutory scheme .
although varying in constitution , [purpose] and procedure , tribunals typically dealt with cases in which an individual citizen was at issue with a government department , or some other public body , over his rights or obligations under a statutory scheme .

… The fundamental principle … of our law is that the Jury has only the function of determining the question of guilt or innocence , and is relieved of any responsibility for the subsequent penalty .
… the fundamental principle … of our law is that the jury has only the [purpose] of determining the question of guilt or innocence , and is relieved of any responsibility for the subsequent penalty .

Many unresolved problems lie ahead . What policy advice will the Home Secretary need on prison matters , for example the use of police cells and contracting with the private sector , which are distinct from the operations of the Prison Service , and by whom should it be given ? What will be the relationship between the Supervisory Board , the Management Board , and the central Home Office ? Will reserve powers be retained by the Secretary of State ? What are the implications for the policy of contracting out and privatization ? Will the new agency be expected to make contracts with private sector companies for the management of what would in effect be rival penal establishments , or will this function continue to be performed by the Home Office ? What , if any legislation , will be called for ?
many unresolved problems lie ahead . what policy advice will the home secretary need on prison matters , for example the use of police cells and contracting with the private sector , which are distinct from the operations of the prison service , and by whom should it be given ? what will be the relationship between the supervisory board , the management board , and the central home office ? will reserve powers be retained by the secretary of state ? what are the implications for the policy of contracting out and privatization ? will the new agency be expected to make contracts with private sector companies for the management of what would in effect be rival penal establishments , or will this [purpose] continue to be performed by the home office ? what , if any legislation , will be called for ?

The birds may also provide a useful function in controlling insect pests , whilst their droppings may improve the fertility of the soil .
the birds may also provide a useful [purpose] in controlling insect pests , whilst their droppings may improve the fertility of the soil .

Inefficiency in the financial function can erode the benefits offered by the new technologies .
inefficiency in the financial [purpose] can erode the benefits offered by the new technologies .

Instead of a series of national financial systems linked by a few operators buying and selling credit across the exchanges , we now have a global system , in which national markets , physically separate , function as if they were all in the same place .
instead of a series of national financial systems linked by a few operators buying and selling credit across the exchanges , we now have a global system , in which national markets , physically separate , [purpose] as if they were all in the same place .

The essence of the change is that the intermediating function between social and economic forces is no longer one that a government can renounce or let go by default .
the essence of the change is that the intermediating [purpose] between social and economic forces is no longer one that a government can renounce or let go by default .

In the long run , the defensive function wanes as the welfare function waxes in importance .
in the long run , the defensive [purpose] wanes as the welfare [purpose] waxes in importance .

Their transnational linkages created new problems but also a new role and function for government ( 1987 : p. 193 ) .
their transnational linkages created new problems but also a new role and [purpose] for government ( 1987 : p. 193 ) .

How they might continue to function is , however , a different matter .
how they might continue to [purpose] is , however , a different matter .

Yet because the function of theory in social science is not just to explain , clarify and add to understanding , but also to legitimate some courses of action over others , the contemporary ‘ bonfire of the certainties ’ adds one more difficulty to the normal dilemmas of policy making in developing countries .
yet because the [purpose] of theory in social science is not just to explain , clarify and add to understanding , but also to legitimate some courses of action over others , the contemporary ‘ bonfire of the certainties ’ adds one more difficulty to the normal dilemmas of policy making in developing countries .

Effectiveness is also a function of the efficiency of the agency or agencies responsible .
effectiveness is also a [purpose] of the efficiency of the agency or agencies responsible .

Oddly , given its warm weather function , it does not seem to have had ventilator eyelets fitted to the blue pattern .
oddly , given its warm weather [purpose] , it does not seem to have had ventilator eyelets fitted to the blue pattern .

They distinguish between the function of language as imparting meaning , ‘ making statements which can be assigned a set of truth conditions ’ ( ibid . )
they distinguish between the [purpose] of language as imparting meaning , ‘ making statements which can be assigned a set of truth conditions ’ ( ibid . )

, and its function of regulating and maintaining social or interpersonal relations between people .
, and its [purpose] of regulating and maintaining social or interpersonal relations between people .

It thus becomes possible , through writing , to specialise language , to use it to serve a specific function rather than conflating different functions .
it thus becomes possible , through writing , to specialise language , to use it to serve a specific [purpose] rather than conflating different functions .

It can be constantly modified according to its effect and thus the social function dominates the logical .
it can be constantly modified according to its effect and thus the social [purpose] dominates the logical .

It thus comes to serve the logical function rather than the interpersonal one .
it thus comes to serve the logical [purpose] rather than the interpersonal one .

The word ‘ round ’ separates form from function etc .
the word ‘ round ’ separates form from [purpose] etc .

As we saw earlier , the very writers whom we are discussing themselves make ritualistic claims for objectivity that function more to support their own ideology than to convince a sceptical reader of the ‘ truth ’ .
as we saw earlier , the very writers whom we are discussing themselves make ritualistic claims for objectivity that [purpose] more to support their own ideology than to convince a sceptical reader of the ‘ truth ’ .

p. 37 ) ; ‘ logic ’ seemed to be ‘ a function of writing ’ ( 1977 , p. 11 ) etc .
p. 37 ) ; ‘ logic ’ seemed to be ‘ a [purpose] of writing ’ ( 1977 , p. 11 ) etc .

Given that speech is primary , in that all peoples have speech but only some have writing , they assumed that the main function of writing must be to represent speech .
given that speech is primary , in that all peoples have speech but only some have writing , they assumed that the main [purpose] of writing must be to represent speech .

As we saw above , and Lyons would not disagree , it is mostly in the paralinguistic features that English performs this function .
as we saw above , and lyons would not disagree , it is mostly in the paralinguistic features that english performs this [purpose] .

The use of tape recordings and videos adds further elaborations of form and function which are just being recognised and incorporated into this traditional complex of language use .
the use of tape recordings and videos adds further elaborations of form and [purpose] which are just being recognised and incorporated into this traditional complex of language use .

There is no simple tree variation in the choice of written or spoken modes for particular purposes : ‘ the choice of medium is normally determined by the social function of the communication .
there is no simple tree variation in the choice of written or spoken modes for particular purposes : ‘ the choice of medium is normally determined by the social [purpose] of the communication .

There are , then , different conventions for these forms of writing that relate directly to the differences of function and context .
there are , then , different conventions for these forms of writing that relate directly to the differences of [purpose] and context .

One point of contact between institutionalised writing and the social situation , for instance , is that the ‘ text ’ has a communicative function and so one can ‘ talk meaningfully of a sender/addressee , a message , a receiver/addressee , and a purpose ’ ( ibid . )
one point of contact between institutionalised writing and the social situation , for instance , is that the ‘ text ’ has a communicative [purpose] and so one can ‘ talk meaningfully of a sender/addressee , a message , a receiver/addressee , and a purpose ’ ( ibid . )

This aspect is brought out by Robert Eccleshall who suggests that ‘ the function of conservative ideology is to obscure the nature of power relationships by presenting them as permanent and desirable features of human life ’ .
this aspect is brought out by robert eccleshall who suggests that ‘ the [purpose] of conservative ideology is to obscure the nature of power relationships by presenting them as permanent and desirable features of human life ’ .

Such models also share an essentially procedural conception of justice and view the primary function of the state as that of securing a framework of law through which individuals may pursue their own particular goals .
such models also share an essentially procedural conception of justice and view the primary [purpose] of the state as that of securing a framework of law through which individuals may pursue their own particular goals .

The specialization of functions has a dispersive effect and a primary function of government becomes that of securing co-ordination amongst the parts .
the specialization of functions has a dispersive effect and a primary [purpose] of government becomes that of securing co-ordination amongst the parts .

The function of the state was to plan the social environment so that individuals could more fully realize themselves .
the [purpose] of the state was to plan the social environment so that individuals could more fully realize themselves .

But this function could not be achieved by the state directly since it was too remote .
but this [purpose] could not be achieved by the state directly since it was too remote .

People are viewed as having a ‘ station ’ or ‘ groove ’ in society ; notions which imply a distinctive balance between rights and duties inherent in an individual 's social role or function .
people are viewed as having a ‘ station ’ or ‘ groove ’ in society ; notions which imply a distinctive balance between rights and duties inherent in an individual 's social role or [purpose] .

In these lectures his purpose ‘ is to consider the moral function or object served by law , or by the system of rights and obligations which the state enforces ’ .
in these lectures his purpose ‘ is to consider the moral [purpose] or object served by law , or by the system of rights and obligations which the state enforces ’ .

The function of law , then , was to provide the conditions for the development of our capacities and powers towards the moral end of self-realization .
the [purpose] of law , then , was to provide the conditions for the development of our capacities and powers towards the moral end of self-realization .

It is a function of the whole social structure and not some given aspect of it .
it is a [purpose] of the whole social structure and not some given aspect of it .

Nevertheless , the function of the Committee was not all that it might appear .
nevertheless , the [purpose] of the committee was not all that it might appear .

Presented in this way , it is almost inconceivable to anyone understanding the function of such committees that it would pursue any other than the last alternative .
presented in this way , it is almost inconceivable to anyone understanding the [purpose] of such committees that it would pursue any other than the last alternative .

The function of the reception office
the [purpose] of the reception office

Whether that office is a small centralised office of a medium-sized hotel , or the front office of a large hotel with clearly defined areas for advance reservations , cashier and billing , accounts , telephone and front desk reception , its function is to :
whether that office is a small centralised office of a medium-sized hotel , or the front office of a large hotel with clearly defined areas for advance reservations , cashier and billing , accounts , telephone and front desk reception , its [purpose] is to :

Describe briefly the basic function of the reception office , enumerating the services it provides .
describe briefly the basic [purpose] of the reception office , enumerating the services it provides .

You will want to talk to our Mr Wyatt , the assistant manager and function controller , who deals with all our function bookings .
you will want to talk to our mr wyatt , the assistant manager and [purpose] controller , who deals with all our [purpose] bookings .

The layout of the hotel , the organisation and the names of all persons responsible for the function of servicing departments should be learnt thoroughly so the calls can be routed to the persons best suited to deal with them .
the layout of the hotel , the organisation and the names of all persons responsible for the [purpose] of servicing departments should be learnt thoroughly so the calls can be routed to the persons best suited to deal with them .

For a special function , how would one obtain an extended licence ?
for a special [purpose] , how would one obtain an extended licence ?

It is an increasingly competitive market and conference organisers whose function it is to provide complete package deals for buyers are continually looking for new hotels and venues that can provide something different every year .
it is an increasingly competitive market and conference organisers whose [purpose] it is to provide complete package deals for buyers are continually looking for new hotels and venues that can provide something different every year .

If the establishment has substantial special function business , e.g. banquets , weddings , dances , dinners , conferences , etc. , it is usual to open a separate special functions day book which is posted to a composite special functions debtors account in the ledger .
if the establishment has substantial special [purpose] business , e.g. banquets , weddings , dances , dinners , conferences , etc. , it is usual to open a separate special functions day book which is posted to a composite special functions debtors account in the ledger .

function accounts ;
[purpose] accounts ;

These will be corrected as part of the testing function .
these will be corrected as part of the testing [purpose] .

for problems where a change in function is required , close the problem report and invoke the Change Management Procedure
for problems where a change in [purpose] is required , close the problem report and invoke the change management procedure

The six programmes currently in place worldwide vary in their structure as they function within the constraints of their particular national health care systems .
the six programmes currently in place worldwide vary in their structure as they [purpose] within the constraints of their particular national health care systems .

The oedematous patients had similar lung function , smoking histories , and plasma protein concentrations to the patients without oedema .
the oedematous patients had similar lung [purpose] , smoking histories , and plasma protein concentrations to the patients without oedema .

If the goals of public health medicine are health promotion and the prevention of ill health , warn Whitty and Jones , then the specialty is in danger of veering off course in pursuit of the purchasing function , which ‘ is likely to be ineffective in improving the population 's health and may even be in direct conflict with this role .
if the goals of public health medicine are health promotion and the prevention of ill health , warn whitty and jones , then the specialty is in danger of veering off course in pursuit of the purchasing [purpose] , which ‘ is likely to be ineffective in improving the population 's health and may even be in direct conflict with this role .

In this light the interest of public health doctors in the purchasing function is clear .
in this light the interest of public health doctors in the purchasing [purpose] is clear .

purchasing function as lever for change
purchasing [purpose] as lever for change

Potentially , the purchasing function provides a powerful lever for change .
potentially , the purchasing [purpose] provides a powerful lever for change .

Finally , it is unrealistic to recommend ( desirable though it might be in theory ) repeated estimates of auditory and vestibular function and , likewise , to believe that busy house officers will take samples for measurement of peak concentrations precisely 15 minutes after the end of an infusion and one hour after intramuscular administration as the authors advise .
finally , it is unrealistic to recommend ( desirable though it might be in theory ) repeated estimates of auditory and vestibular [purpose] and , likewise , to believe that busy house officers will take samples for measurement of peak concentrations precisely 15 minutes after the end of an infusion and one hour after intramuscular administration as the authors advise .

One is that a loading dose is required in patients with apparently normal renal function , and the other is that the ‘ standard ’ dose is 80 mg intravenously eight hourly .
one is that a loading dose is required in patients with apparently normal renal [purpose] , and the other is that the ‘ standard ’ dose is 80 mg intravenously eight hourly .

In Nottingham we encourage the use of a nomogram that takes account of age , sex , renal function , and body weight , factors that influence the body 's handling of these agents .
in nottingham we encourage the use of a nomogram that takes account of age , sex , renal [purpose] , and body weight , factors that influence the body 's handling of these agents .

In critically ill patients or those with changing renal function , assays may be necessary earlier than this so that the dosage can be adjusted to avoid tissue accumulation .
in critically ill patients or those with changing renal [purpose] , assays may be necessary earlier than this so that the dosage can be adjusted to avoid tissue accumulation .

We agree with MacGowan and Reeves that the half life may be inaccurate if it is calculated from only two values ; but perhaps that is why they have never seen a patient with normal renal function in whom the half life is as long as 7.6 hours , since in clinical practice two measurements are all one has to go on .
we agree with macgowan and reeves that the half life may be inaccurate if it is calculated from only two values ; but perhaps that is why they have never seen a patient with normal renal [purpose] in whom the half life is as long as 7.6 hours , since in clinical practice two measurements are all one has to go on .

Loading doses are used , and , because of the large variability in half life , even when renal function is thought to be normal we think that that is sensible .
loading doses are used , and , because of the large variability in half life , even when renal [purpose] is thought to be normal we think that that is sensible .

How many program function keys are there ?
how many program [purpose] keys are there ?

The performance of an individual at work is a function of the following factors :
the performance of an individual at work is a [purpose] of the following factors :

The creative advertiser has the function of stimulating arousal in buyers .
the creative advertiser has the [purpose] of stimulating arousal in buyers .

Performance at work is a function of all the factors we have identified :
performance at work is a [purpose] of all the factors we have identified :

We should learn from the Japanese manager whose prime function is to develop relationships .
we should learn from the japanese manager whose prime [purpose] is to develop relationships .

In the West the prime function of the manager has been the task , not the relationships between the people .
in the west the prime [purpose] of the manager has been the task , not the relationships between the people .

If we allow for the expectations of individuals and the values ( valency ) they place on certain outcomes or rewards , then we can propose that the degree to which they will release energy in the pursuit of their goals is a function of their expectations about likely outcomes and the importance they place on those outcomes or rewards :
if we allow for the expectations of individuals and the values ( valency ) they place on certain outcomes or rewards , then we can propose that the degree to which they will release energy in the pursuit of their goals is a [purpose] of their expectations about likely outcomes and the importance they place on those outcomes or rewards :

What is less controversial is the central function of an individual or the concept called the self .
what is less controversial is the central [purpose] of an individual or the concept called the self .

’ We ‘ dress ’ the function of conversation with a multitude of verbal signals about ourselves .
’ we ‘ dress ’ the [purpose] of conversation with a multitude of verbal signals about ourselves .

The power of a position or a function ( a number of linked positions ) will depend ( as Hickson argues ) on the following factors :
the power of a position or a [purpose] ( a number of linked positions ) will depend ( as hickson argues ) on the following factors :

Centrality How central is the position or function to the objectives of the firm ? How well networked into the whole firm ? How persuasive ; how immediate ?
centrality how central is the position or [purpose] to the objectives of the firm ? how well networked into the whole firm ? how persuasive ; how immediate ?

Substitutability Can we substitute the position or function with other positions or functions ? Can we sub-contract the work ? Dependency is lost if the answer , to either question , is yes .
substitutability can we substitute the position or [purpose] with other positions or functions ? can we sub-contract the work ? dependency is lost if the answer , to either question , is yes .

Other researchers have suggested that the following factors also affect the power of a position or function or department .
other researchers have suggested that the following factors also affect the power of a position or [purpose] or department .

Exclusion from networks reduces a function 's power .
exclusion from networks reduces a [purpose] 's power .

This partly explains the desperate desire of nearly every function in the business to be represented on the board or the management committee .
this partly explains the desperate desire of nearly every [purpose] in the business to be represented on the board or the management committee .

To identify the powerful function of an organization we can ask two questions of the members :
to identify the powerful [purpose] of an organization we can ask two questions of the members :

Which function has most power in this organization ? Is it marketing , finance , service ?
which [purpose] has most power in this organization ? is it marketing , finance , service ?

Which function is in the ascendancy ? ( That is , which is increasing in power and influence ? ) In any organization there will be both a leading function and a function on the rise .
which [purpose] is in the ascendancy ? ( that is , which is increasing in power and influence ? ) in any organization there will be both a leading [purpose] and a [purpose] on the rise .

The power of any unit ( position , function , division ) rests on its centrality , its non-substitute-ability and its capacity to cope with situations of uncertainty .
the power of any unit ( position , [purpose] , division ) rests on its centrality , its non-substitute-ability and its capacity to cope with situations of uncertainty .

Although the prothrombin time remains the best and most readily available measure of liver function in such cases , arterial acidosis ( pH < 7.30 ) and renal failure also indicate an adverse prognosis .
although the prothrombin time remains the best and most readily available measure of liver [purpose] in such cases , arterial acidosis ( ph < 7.30 ) and renal failure also indicate an adverse prognosis .

If liver function is deteriorating hypoglycaemia should be avoided , prophylaxis against gastric bleeding started , and central venous pressure maintained with colloid .
if liver [purpose] is deteriorating hypoglycaemia should be avoided , prophylaxis against gastric bleeding started , and central venous pressure maintained with colloid .

These data suggest that human insulin per se does not affect the presentation of hypoglycaemia or the neurohumoral , symptomatic , and cognitive function responses to hypoglycaemia in insulin dependent diabetic patients with a history of hypoglycaemia unawareness .
these data suggest that human insulin per se does not affect the presentation of hypoglycaemia or the neurohumoral , symptomatic , and cognitive [purpose] responses to hypoglycaemia in insulin dependent diabetic patients with a history of hypoglycaemia unawareness .

Patients with ischaemic heart disease , epilepsy or non-hypoglycaemia related seizure disorder , uncontrolled hypertension , or unstable proliferative retinopathy , and those taking drugs that might interfere with autonomic or cognitive function or their ability to complete the study were excluded .
patients with ischaemic heart disease , epilepsy or non-hypoglycaemia related seizure disorder , uncontrolled hypertension , or unstable proliferative retinopathy , and those taking drugs that might interfere with autonomic or cognitive [purpose] or their ability to complete the study were excluded .

Cerebral function was tested by measuring four choice reaction times twice at each glucose plateau .
cerebral [purpose] was tested by measuring four choice reaction times twice at each glucose plateau .

Monthly assessment of urinary albumin excretion and mean arterial pressure ; plasma active renin and aldosterone concentrations and renal function studies at 0 , 6 , and 12 months .
monthly assessment of urinary albumin excretion and mean arterial pressure ; plasma active renin and aldosterone concentrations and renal [purpose] studies at 0 , 6 , and 12 months .

On the day of the renal function study blood samples were taken from fasted patients who had spent the night supine ; serum converting enzyme activity and plasma concentrations of total and active renin and aldosterone were determined .
on the day of the renal [purpose] study blood samples were taken from fasted patients who had spent the night supine ; serum converting enzyme activity and plasma concentrations of total and active renin and aldosterone were determined .

Finally , different antihypertensive drugs ' appropriateness for the impaired renal function of diabetic subjects should be determined by their differences concerning clinically relevant end points — for example , difference in the rate of deterioration in the glomerular filtration rate .
finally , different antihypertensive drugs ' appropriateness for the impaired renal [purpose] of diabetic subjects should be determined by their differences concerning clinically relevant end points — for example , difference in the rate of deterioration in the glomerular filtration rate .

The author went on to recommend this function should be added to the management agenda and a lead officer given responsibility to establish mechanisms for developing it .
the author went on to recommend this [purpose] should be added to the management agenda and a lead officer given responsibility to establish mechanisms for developing it .

Whereas in the past voters had looked to parties and party workers to help them make sense of politics , this function was now largely given up to television news broadcasts .
whereas in the past voters had looked to parties and party workers to help them make sense of politics , this [purpose] was now largely given up to television news broadcasts .

There is some tendency to assume that in Washington , too , budget-making is largely an executive function .
there is some tendency to assume that in washington , too , budget-making is largely an executive [purpose] .

But the commune also served a major coercive function since the majority in each village stood to lose should an individual either fail to meet his share of the payments due or take to flight .
but the commune also served a major coercive [purpose] since the majority in each village stood to lose should an individual either fail to meet his share of the payments due or take to flight .

If the townsmen found difficulty in making their voice heard , unyielding resistance to pressure from the rural masses was the primary domestic function of the State .
if the townsmen found difficulty in making their voice heard , unyielding resistance to pressure from the rural masses was the primary domestic [purpose] of the state .

Whether this will happen will be a function of the wave velocity along the tape , whose mass per unit length will have been increased and wave velocity reduced , by the drenching rain last Saturday .
whether this will happen will be a [purpose] of the wave velocity along the tape , whose mass per unit length will have been increased and wave velocity reduced , by the drenching rain last saturday .

What is the normal function of insect orientation detectors ?
what is the normal [purpose] of insect orientation detectors ?

Of course endothelin should also have its good side , and treatment with endothelin-1 reverses the hypotension associated with endotoxin shock while still maintaining renal function ( ) .
of course endothelin should also have its good side , and treatment with endothelin-1 reverses the hypotension associated with endotoxin shock while still maintaining renal [purpose] ( ) .

Topics include quark phase transitions , fullerenes , quantum-well devices , chemical kinetics , protein folding , blood flow , brain function , casting and rolling steel , automobile crash testing , mantle convection , ocean circulation , weather and climate prediction , turbulence , astrophysical jets , black holes and large-scale cosmological structure .
topics include quark phase transitions , fullerenes , quantum-well devices , chemical kinetics , protein folding , blood flow , brain [purpose] , casting and rolling steel , automobile crash testing , mantle convection , ocean circulation , weather and climate prediction , turbulence , astrophysical jets , black holes and large-scale cosmological structure .

Otherwise cross sectional echocardiography confirmed globally poor left ventricular function .
otherwise cross sectional echocardiography confirmed globally poor left ventricular [purpose] .

Four patients had considerable disturbance in renal and hepatic function .
four patients had considerable disturbance in renal and hepatic [purpose] .

Normal or near normal renal function was classified as previously described as a plasma urea concentration of < 14 mmol/l and plasma creatinine concentration of < 160 µmol/l ; moderate renal dysfunction as that when concentrations were higher than those quoted above ; and severe renal dysfunction as that when renal dialysis was instituted .
normal or near normal renal [purpose] was classified as previously described as a plasma urea concentration of < 14 mmol/l and plasma creatinine concentration of < 160 µmol/l ; moderate renal dysfunction as that when concentrations were higher than those quoted above ; and severe renal dysfunction as that when renal dialysis was instituted .

All patients had end stage cardiac failure not amenable to medical treatment or persistent ischaemia associated with poor left ventricular function .
all patients had end stage cardiac failure not amenable to medical treatment or persistent ischaemia associated with poor left ventricular [purpose] .

The indication for transplantation for the 18 patients surviving in the short term was ischaemic heart muscle disease in 11 patients , dilated cardiomyopathy in six , including two with puerperal cardiomyopathy , and transient myocardial ischaemia with poor left ventricular function in one .
the indication for transplantation for the 18 patients surviving in the short term was ischaemic heart muscle disease in 11 patients , dilated cardiomyopathy in six , including two with puerperal cardiomyopathy , and transient myocardial ischaemia with poor left ventricular [purpose] in one .

Eleven of 14 patients with normal or nearly normal renal function and three of five with moderate renal dysfunction ( mean urea concentration 27.2 mmol/l ; mean creatinine concentration 210 µmol/ l ) who were discharged from hospital after transplantation remained alive in the long term .
eleven of 14 patients with normal or nearly normal renal [purpose] and three of five with moderate renal dysfunction ( mean urea concentration 27.2 mmol/l ; mean creatinine concentration 210 µmol/ l ) who were discharged from hospital after transplantation remained alive in the long term .

Fourteen of 19 patients with normal or mildly abnormal hepatic function were discharged from hospital after successful transplantation , 10 being alive at long term follow up .
fourteen of 19 patients with normal or mildly abnormal hepatic [purpose] were discharged from hospital after successful transplantation , 10 being alive at long term follow up .

Although it is difficult to reach firm conclusions from the small number of patients who underwent balloon counterpulsation , those few who have survived in the long term underwent such a procedure while their renal function was still normal or nearly normal and their renal state remained stable until transplantation .
although it is difficult to reach firm conclusions from the small number of patients who underwent balloon counterpulsation , those few who have survived in the long term underwent such a procedure while their renal [purpose] was still normal or nearly normal and their renal state remained stable until transplantation .

Possibly early balloon counterpulsation to offset the expected deterioration in renal function might be a more worthwhile approach to management than later in an attempt to reverse such a deterioration in renal state .
possibly early balloon counterpulsation to offset the expected deterioration in renal [purpose] might be a more worthwhile approach to management than later in an attempt to reverse such a deterioration in renal state .

Although no independent assessment of quality of life was performed in these patients , from the objective assessment of exercise capacity and left ventricular function in each case combined with the full time employment of most of the long term surviving patients , the patients ' answers to a simple telephone questionnaire were probably accurate and did not reflect any inappropriate bias .
although no independent assessment of quality of life was performed in these patients , from the objective assessment of exercise capacity and left ventricular [purpose] in each case combined with the full time employment of most of the long term surviving patients , the patients ' answers to a simple telephone questionnaire were probably accurate and did not reflect any inappropriate bias .

Despite the use of cyclosporin ( a nephrotoxic agent ) in these patients only two had a plasma creatinine concentration above 175 µmol/l , confirming the findings of Lewis et al that the use of such an agent in the long term was associated with impaired but generally stable aggregate renal function in heart transplant cohorts .
despite the use of cyclosporin ( a nephrotoxic agent ) in these patients only two had a plasma creatinine concentration above 175 µmol/l , confirming the findings of lewis et al that the use of such an agent in the long term was associated with impaired but generally stable aggregate renal [purpose] in heart transplant cohorts .

If intra-aortic balloon counterpulsation is to be used it should perhaps be introduced early in the management of such patients to prevent inexorable deterioration in renal function , rather than late in an effort to reverse such deterioration .
if intra-aortic balloon counterpulsation is to be used it should perhaps be introduced early in the management of such patients to prevent inexorable deterioration in renal [purpose] , rather than late in an effort to reverse such deterioration .

Transient changes in neuropsychological function have also been shown to occur in response to short term changes in plasma phenylalanine concentrations .
transient changes in neuropsychological [purpose] have also been shown to occur in response to short term changes in plasma phenylalanine concentrations .

Transient deterioration in neuropsychological function has been shown convincingly during short periods of experimental hyperphenylalaninaemia , and it has been argued that the changes may be due to neurotransmitter deficiency .
transient deterioration in neuropsychological [purpose] has been shown convincingly during short periods of experimental hyperphenylalaninaemia , and it has been argued that the changes may be due to neurotransmitter deficiency .

’ Although the philosophical climate in the United Kingdom is right for such a development and the epidemiological background is well established , much more laboratory work is needed on the molecular genetics , enzyme function , gene transfer to human liver cells , and relevant liver cell biology if patients in the United Kingdom are to benefit from any advances which may occur .
’ although the philosophical climate in the united kingdom is right for such a development and the epidemiological background is well established , much more laboratory work is needed on the molecular genetics , enzyme [purpose] , gene transfer to human liver cells , and relevant liver cell biology if patients in the united kingdom are to benefit from any advances which may occur .

Slowed response times and impaired executive function on neuropsychological testing
slowed response times and impaired executive [purpose] on neuropsychological testing

Deaths from traffic accidents are a function of exposure and risk per unit exposure , with the latter falling as vehicle density rises ( Smeed 's Law : deaths per vehicle per year=0.0003× ( vehicles/population ) - .
deaths from traffic accidents are a [purpose] of exposure and risk per unit exposure , with the latter falling as vehicle density rises ( smeed 's law : deaths per vehicle per year=0.0003× ( vehicles/population ) - .

What role will the human resources function perform ?
what role will the human resources [purpose] perform ?

The most famous of these writings , that on the Celestial Hierarchies , provided the abbot both with his theory of the function of ecclesiastical architecture , and with a means of integrating the earthly power structure into that of heaven .
the most famous of these writings , that on the celestial hierarchies , provided the abbot both with his theory of the [purpose] of ecclesiastical architecture , and with a means of integrating the earthly power structure into that of heaven .

Thus far , French princes — with the notable exception of the Norman king-duke — had been wary of claiming for themselves the peace-keeping function within their lands .
thus far , french princes — with the notable exception of the norman king-duke — had been wary of claiming for themselves the peace-keeping [purpose] within their lands .

As ecclesiastical reform refocused ideas on the prince 's function , it also had an effect on the way he fulfilled it .
as ecclesiastical reform refocused ideas on the prince 's [purpose] , it also had an effect on the way he fulfilled it .

Yet the scholarly energy which reinvigorated abstract concepts of political function was identical with that which satirized them . For to believe in abstract principles of justice was to face a long series of disillusionments in everyday life , as the Goliardic poems , written by scholars trained in the new learning , amply demonstrated :
yet the scholarly energy which reinvigorated abstract concepts of political [purpose] was identical with that which satirized them . for to believe in abstract principles of justice was to face a long series of disillusionments in everyday life , as the goliardic poems , written by scholars trained in the new learning , amply demonstrated :

Note that the function of the object-glass is to collect the light , and all the actual magnification is done by the eyepiece .
note that the [purpose] of the object-glass is to collect the light , and all the actual magnification is done by the eyepiece .

In particular the way small firms function as ‘ a highly elastic shock absorber of underemployed and marginal workers which is extremely important in recessions ’ ( Samuels 1981 p.45 ) .
in particular the way small firms [purpose] as ‘ a highly elastic shock absorber of underemployed and marginal workers which is extremely important in recessions ’ ( samuels 1981 p.45 ) .

This obvious fact is not always exploited there is a tendency to regard the keyboard simply as a typewriter whereas any key can be chosen to have any function .
this obvious fact is not always exploited there is a tendency to regard the keyboard simply as a typewriter whereas any key can be chosen to have any [purpose] .

The programmer must , however check that the equivalent routine performs adequately as well as theoretically doing the same function .
the programmer must , however check that the equivalent routine performs adequately as well as theoretically doing the same [purpose] .

The parallelism of greater precision would seem to set the matter beyond doubt : `` the ends of the earth `` must surely function as specification of the ambiguous .
the parallelism of greater precision would seem to set the matter beyond doubt : `` the ends of the earth `` must surely [purpose] as specification of the ambiguous .

To take the last point first , it is true that several scholars have observed that " specification " is a function of the B-line of a couplet . James Kugel , for example , has recently remarked that
to take the last point first , it is true that several scholars have observed that " specification " is a [purpose] of the b-line of a couplet . james kugel , for example , has recently remarked that

It has an operation code or function field , specifying what operation the computer is to perform , and an operand field , which specifies an operand ( usually as a store address ) or the location for a result .
it has an operation code or [purpose] field , specifying what operation the computer is to perform , and an operand field , which specifies an operand ( usually as a store address ) or the location for a result .

The control portion of our micro-instruction now takes the form of a number of short encoded fields , each specifying one of a mutually exclusive set of control signals ( such as the function to be performed by the arithmetic unit ) or one of a mutually exclusive set of processor registers as the source or destination of a transfer .
the control portion of our micro-instruction now takes the form of a number of short encoded fields , each specifying one of a mutually exclusive set of control signals ( such as the [purpose] to be performed by the arithmetic unit ) or one of a mutually exclusive set of processor registers as the source or destination of a transfer .

Thus , a microprogram may have a wait for a store read to be completed , or the result from a test function may not be available for the micro-instruction sequence until several micro-instruction cycles after the function was initiated .
thus , a microprogram may have a wait for a store read to be completed , or the result from a test [purpose] may not be available for the micro-instruction sequence until several micro-instruction cycles after the [purpose] was initiated .

The micro-instructions provided for writing interpreters manipulate a number of general-purpose processor registers and function boxes ( which produce various functions of two input arguments , such as the binary sum , or the logical disjunction ) , and access variable-length operands in main store starting at any desired bit address .
the micro-instructions provided for writing interpreters manipulate a number of general-purpose processor registers and [purpose] boxes ( which produce various functions of two input arguments , such as the binary sum , or the logical disjunction ) , and access variable-length operands in main store starting at any desired bit address .

Every utterance was then coded with respect to the following categories : context of activity , speaker and addressee , communicative function , semantic content , temporal reference , syntactic complexity and incorporation ( i.e .
every utterance was then coded with respect to the following categories : context of activity , speaker and addressee , communicative [purpose] , semantic content , temporal reference , syntactic complexity and incorporation ( i.e .

Personal narratives or short autobiographical pieces function organisationally in much the same way as fictional narratives , except that the writer is constrained by existential rather than imagined events .
personal narratives or short autobiographical pieces [purpose] organisationally in much the same way as fictional narratives , except that the writer is constrained by existential rather than imagined events .

Much of the approach appears consistent with our understanding of how mature writers function .
much of the approach appears consistent with our understanding of how mature writers [purpose] .

1 The questioning of the place and function of writing in both the primary and secondary curricula needs to continue .
1 the questioning of the place and [purpose] of writing in both the primary and secondary curricula needs to continue .

The teacher 's main function in this negotiation is most likely to be to encourage the children to become more precise in their setting of goals : that is , to take them gradually beyond the vague `` find out about `` stage .
the teacher 's main [purpose] in this negotiation is most likely to be to encourage the children to become more precise in their setting of goals : that is , to take them gradually beyond the vague `` find out about `` stage .

( In some programs it is possible to discover more about your opponents by using the " scout " function . )
( in some programs it is possible to discover more about your opponents by using the " scout " [purpose] . )

Although he had been brought up in a brothel , Katherine had ensured that neither of her children knew the true function of the house , and while they might suspect where some of here money came from — especially Patrick — they were in no position to argue about it .
although he had been brought up in a brothel , katherine had ensured that neither of her children knew the true [purpose] of the house , and while they might suspect where some of here money came from — especially patrick — they were in no position to argue about it .

In particular Lagrange showed cause for finding the number of formally distinct `` values `` taken by a function , for example xy + zt , on permuting the symbols x , y , z , t , in all possible ways .
in particular lagrange showed cause for finding the number of formally distinct `` values `` taken by a [purpose] , for example xy + zt , on permuting the symbols x , y , z , t , in all possible ways .

Furthermore the term group was not generally employed and the main interest was in finding the number of formally distinct values a function of n variables takes when the variables were permuted .
furthermore the term group was not generally employed and the main interest was in finding the number of formally distinct values a [purpose] of n variables takes when the variables were permuted .

Clearly this function is continuous everywhere and fails to be differentiable only at the origin ( i.e .
clearly this [purpose] is continuous everywhere and fails to be differentiable only at the origin ( i.e .

Invent a function which is continuous for all x and yet not differentiable whenever x is a whole number .
invent a [purpose] which is continuous for all x and yet not differentiable whenever x is a whole number .

Can there exist a continuous function which is not differentiable for any x ?
can there exist a continuous [purpose] which is not differentiable for any x ?

( Try sketching such a function and then use your intuition .
( try sketching such a [purpose] and then use your intuition .

The general concept of binary operation on a set is defined in terms of that of `` function `` .
the general concept of binary operation on a set is defined in terms of that of `` [purpose] `` .

No doubt the reader can give what he feels is an adequate definition of `` function `` .
no doubt the reader can give what he feels is an adequate definition of `` [purpose] `` .

We have so far met several examples of what the reader would probably regard as a `` function `` , but we have as yet given no definition , formal or otherwise , of the concept .
we have so far met several examples of what the reader would probably regard as a `` [purpose] `` , but we have as yet given no definition , formal or otherwise , of the concept .

Further , he might find it interesting ( and salutary ) to read ( see , for example , [ 71 ] , [ 115 ] ) how such great mathematicians as Euler , d'Alembert and Daniel Bernoulli came , around 1750 , to arguing about their respective solutions to the `` vibrating string `` problem essentially because their ideas as to what constituted a function did not coincide .
further , he might find it interesting ( and salutary ) to read ( see , for example , [ 71 ] , [ 115 ] ) how such great mathematicians as euler , d'alembert and daniel bernoulli came , around 1750 , to arguing about their respective solutions to the `` vibrating string `` problem essentially because their ideas as to what constituted a [purpose] did not coincide .

The study of functions was originally an offshoot of the study of properties of curves , geometrically defined , so it is interesting to see how a modern definition of function , expressed in terms of the set concept , is equivalent to what you would , in the case of a real valued function of one real variable , naturally think of as the graph of the function .
the study of functions was originally an offshoot of the study of properties of curves , geometrically defined , so it is interesting to see how a modern definition of [purpose] , expressed in terms of the set concept , is equivalent to what you would , in the case of a real valued [purpose] of one real variable , naturally think of as the graph of the [purpose] .

You might care to discuss with your friends : ( i ) Is the word " rule " any more self-explanatory than the word " function " ?
you might care to discuss with your friends : ( i ) is the word " rule " any more self-explanatory than the word " [purpose] " ?

( ii ) Can different rules lead to the same function ?
( ii ) can different rules lead to the same [purpose] ?

We thus eschew the word " rule " and opt for a more precise definition of the function concept .
we thus eschew the word " rule " and opt for a more precise definition of the [purpose] concept .

Remarks ( i ) The words map , mapping and transformation reflect the geometric origin of the function concept .
remarks ( i ) the words map , mapping and transformation reflect the geometric origin of the [purpose] concept .

( ii ) The words map and mapping seem to have gained greater favour in algebra than the word function ; from Chapter 3 on we shall almost invariably use one of these two words .
( ii ) the words map and mapping seem to have gained greater favour in algebra than the word [purpose] ; from chapter 3 on we shall almost invariably use one of these two words .

We have Definition 2.6.7 The function is called the composite of f and g .
we have definition 2.6.7 the [purpose] is called the composite of f and g .

Note 2.6.9 We now see one advantage of placing the function symbol to the right of the element it operates on , namely that the combined effect of f followed by g is naturally denoted by .
note 2.6.9 we now see one advantage of placing the [purpose] symbol to the right of the element it operates on , namely that the combined effect of f followed by g is naturally denoted by .

Putting the function symbol on the left leads to writing g ( f ( a ) ) as so that denotes , once again , the action of f followed by g .
putting the [purpose] symbol on the left leads to writing g ( f ( a ) ) as so that denotes , once again , the action of f followed by g .

It is rather that the idea and ideal is always likely to function as a corrective to complacency rather than as a prop to It .
it is rather that the idea and ideal is always likely to [purpose] as a corrective to complacency rather than as a prop to it .

The Greek experience therefore raises the question whether an active , participatory democracy requires this sense of communal identity , or a collective or general interest in which individuals feel that they share , before it can function effectively .
the greek experience therefore raises the question whether an active , participatory democracy requires this sense of communal identity , or a collective or general interest in which individuals feel that they share , before it can [purpose] effectively .

Buchanan also argues , as does the Vindiciae , that the function of a monarchy is to serve the good of the people , and this was echoed in the Dutch Edict of Renunciation of 1581 : the subjects are not created by God for the benefit of the Prince … On the contrary , the Prince is created for the subjects .
buchanan also argues , as does the vindiciae , that the [purpose] of a monarchy is to serve the good of the people , and this was echoed in the dutch edict of renunciation of 1581 : the subjects are not created by god for the benefit of the prince … on the contrary , the prince is created for the subjects .

It is evident that the only government which can fully satisfy all the exigencies of the social state is one in which the whole people participate ; that any participation , even in the smallest public function , is useful ; that the participation should everywhere be as great as the general degree of improvement of the community will allow ; and that nothing less can be ultimately desirable than the admission of all to a share in the sovereign power of the state .
it is evident that the only government which can fully satisfy all the exigencies of the social state is one in which the whole people participate ; that any participation , even in the smallest public [purpose] , is useful ; that the participation should everywhere be as great as the general degree of improvement of the community will allow ; and that nothing less can be ultimately desirable than the admission of all to a share in the sovereign power of the state .

In 1978 , when the factory moved , the union was officially dissolved although it continued to function secretly .
in 1978 , when the factory moved , the union was officially dissolved although it continued to [purpose] secretly .

The people of the village or settlement continue to carry out their normal activities but now form part of a new popular government which is set up and begins to function .
the people of the village or settlement continue to carry out their normal activities but now form part of a new popular government which is set up and begins to [purpose] .

These needs are already understood and it will not be the function of a women 's organization in a new society to fight for such rights .
these needs are already understood and it will not be the [purpose] of a women 's organization in a new society to fight for such rights .

Such an arrangement combines rigidity with flexibility and in addition to its protective function the cuticle determines the form of the insect , its relative impermeability to water reduces desiccation and it provides a firm basis for the attachment of muscles .
such an arrangement combines rigidity with flexibility and in addition to its protective [purpose] the cuticle determines the form of the insect , its relative impermeability to water reduces desiccation and it provides a firm basis for the attachment of muscles .

The mechanical properties of insect cuticle are well adapted to its skeletal function and are determined largely by the various procuticular components , mainly chitin and various proteins ( Rudall and Kenchington , 1973 ) .
the mechanical properties of insect cuticle are well adapted to its skeletal [purpose] and are determined largely by the various procuticular components , mainly chitin and various proteins ( rudall and kenchington , 1973 ) .

( 3 ) Glandular setae — Grouped under this heading are those setae which function as the outlet for the secretion of epidermal glands ( see p. 263 ) .
( 3 ) glandular setae — grouped under this heading are those setae which [purpose] as the outlet for the secretion of epidermal glands ( see p. 263 ) .

( 4 ) Sensory Setae — Very frequently the setae of certain parts of the body , particularly the appendages , are modified in special ways and become sensory in function .
( 4 ) sensory setae — very frequently the setae of certain parts of the body , particularly the appendages , are modified in special ways and become sensory in [purpose] .

The flexible infolded portion of the cuticle between adjacent definitive segments is the so-called intersegmental membrane whose function is to allow free movement of the body .
the flexible infolded portion of the cuticle between adjacent definitive segments is the so-called intersegmental membrane whose [purpose] is to allow free movement of the body .

It is one- to seven-segmented and sensory in function .
it is one- to seven-segmented and sensory in [purpose] .

The labial palps are composed of one to four segments and function as sensory organs .
the labial palps are composed of one to four segments and [purpose] as sensory organs .

The arolium and pulvilli are pad-like organs enabling their possessors to climb smooth or steep surfaces : the plantulae also have a similar function .
the arolium and pulvilli are pad-like organs enabling their possessors to climb smooth or steep surfaces : the plantulae also have a similar [purpose] .

Various explanations have been offered as to how they function but attachment probably depends on the fact that the structures concerned are covered with tubular tenent hairs , the apices of which are moistened by a glandular secretion ( Fig .
various explanations have been offered as to how they [purpose] but attachment probably depends on the fact that the structures concerned are covered with tubular tenent hairs , the apices of which are moistened by a glandular secretion ( fig .

On the other hand , in certain Carabidae and Curculionidae , the hind wings are atrophied and the function of flight is lost .
on the other hand , in certain carabidae and curculionidae , the hind wings are atrophied and the [purpose] of flight is lost .

The halteres vibrate during flight with the same frequency as the wings but in opposite phase and , by virtue of the relatively heavy terminal knob , they function as gyroscopic organs .
the halteres vibrate during flight with the same frequency as the wings but in opposite phase and , by virtue of the relatively heavy terminal knob , they [purpose] as gyroscopic organs .

The Endotergites or Phragmata ( Snodgrass , 1935 ) arise as transverse infoldings of the intersegmental sclerites ( see p. 43 ) and as their main function is to provide increased areas of attachment for the dorsal longitudinal muscles they are best developed in winged insects , especially those that fly actively .
the endotergites or phragmata ( snodgrass , 1935 ) arise as transverse infoldings of the intersegmental sclerites ( see p. 43 ) and as their main [purpose] is to provide increased areas of attachment for the dorsal longitudinal muscles they are best developed in winged insects , especially those that fly actively .

These control the movements of the head and are classified into levators , depressors , retractors and rotators according to their function .
these control the movements of the head and are classified into levators , depressors , retractors and rotators according to their [purpose] .

In addition to the various extrinsic leg-muscles mentioned above , whose function it is to move the whole limb , there are also muscles lying within the segments of the leg .
in addition to the various extrinsic leg-muscles mentioned above , whose [purpose] it is to move the whole limb , there are also muscles lying within the segments of the leg .

An important function of the nervous system is the central processing of information derived from the sense organs , especially from the compound eyes and auditory organs , which respond to stimuli with relatively elaborate spatial or temporal patterns .
an important [purpose] of the nervous system is the central processing of information derived from the sense organs , especially from the compound eyes and auditory organs , which respond to stimuli with relatively elaborate spatial or temporal patterns .

More particularly , they assert in several ways that values of one variable or parameter are a certain function of values of other variables or parameters .
more particularly , they assert in several ways that values of one variable or parameter are a certain [purpose] of values of other variables or parameters .

The state has three types of function : legislative , judicial and executive .
the state has three types of [purpose] : legislative , judicial and executive .

The legislative function is exercised mainly through Parliament which has the power to make laws of general applicability and to grant to other bodies the power to make delegated legislation under authority of an act of parliament .
the legislative [purpose] is exercised mainly through parliament which has the power to make laws of general applicability and to grant to other bodies the power to make delegated legislation under authority of an act of parliament .

There should , he argued , be no overlap of personnel or function .
there should , he argued , be no overlap of personnel or [purpose] .

This function has long since passed to the Cabinet .
this [purpose] has long since passed to the cabinet .

( d ) To have a limited function in the examination of legislation particularly in relation to delegated legislation and European Secondary Legislation .
( d ) to have a limited [purpose] in the examination of legislation particularly in relation to delegated legislation and european secondary legislation .

Debating function .
debating [purpose] .

Section 87 ( 4 ) defines serious injury as including fracture , damage to internal organs , deep cut , impairment of bodily function ; ( b ) any complaint alleging the commission of certain other serious offences as listed in the Police Complaints ( Mandatory Referrals ) Regulations 1985 and including any serious arrestable offence , assault causing actual bodily harm and corruption .
section 87 ( 4 ) defines serious injury as including fracture , damage to internal organs , deep cut , impairment of bodily [purpose] ; ( b ) any complaint alleging the commission of certain other serious offences as listed in the police complaints ( mandatory referrals ) regulations 1985 and including any serious arrestable offence , assault causing actual bodily harm and corruption .

( ii ) the organisation or training of a body whose purpose is either ( a ) to usurp the function of the police or the armed forces ; or ( b ) to use or display force in an attempt to achieve a political objective , an offence .
( ii ) the organisation or training of a body whose purpose is either ( a ) to usurp the [purpose] of the police or the armed forces ; or ( b ) to use or display force in an attempt to achieve a political objective , an offence .

It is impossible to lay down precisely the contents of this rule as this may vary depending on the circumstances and the type of function being exercised .
it is impossible to lay down precisely the contents of this rule as this may vary depending on the circumstances and the type of [purpose] being exercised .

Most people would probably agree that sleep was necessary and provided rest from exertion , and perhaps had some restorative function as well .
most people would probably agree that sleep was necessary and provided rest from exertion , and perhaps had some restorative [purpose] as well .

the part of the brain controlling muscle function ) in terms of the musculature each section controlled .
the part of the brain controlling muscle [purpose] ) in terms of the musculature each section controlled .

There are occasional reports in the medical journals of people not sleeping for extended periods of time when suffering from illnesses interfering with brain function .
there are occasional reports in the medical journals of people not sleeping for extended periods of time when suffering from illnesses interfering with brain [purpose] .

As Ian Oswald once remarked , we know very little about the function of everyday , waking consciousness , so perhaps it is over-optimistic to believe that we should achieve a complete understanding of sleeping consciousness merely because we have reliable physiological indices of when dreams are likely to occur .
as ian oswald once remarked , we know very little about the [purpose] of everyday , waking consciousness , so perhaps it is over-optimistic to believe that we should achieve a complete understanding of sleeping consciousness merely because we have reliable physiological indices of when dreams are likely to occur .

While a strict Freudian interpretation of the function of dreaming would not necessarily imply that it preserved sanity so much as sleep , the neo-Freudians had developed the notion that during dreams conflicts were resolved , giving dreams a purpose in maintaining psychic equilibrium .
while a strict freudian interpretation of the [purpose] of dreaming would not necessarily imply that it preserved sanity so much as sleep , the neo-freudians had developed the notion that during dreams conflicts were resolved , giving dreams a purpose in maintaining psychic equilibrium .

Freud himself did n't think that dreaming preserved sanity — on the contrary , as we shall see in the next chapter , the Freudian view was that the function of dreaming was to allow sleep to continue uninterrupted , despite a number of unacceptable ideas being expressed .
freud himself did n't think that dreaming preserved sanity — on the contrary , as we shall see in the next chapter , the freudian view was that the [purpose] of dreaming was to allow sleep to continue uninterrupted , despite a number of unacceptable ideas being expressed .

Dreaming can on the other hand be seen as having a function in resolving emotional conflicts by a process of emotional integration .
dreaming can on the other hand be seen as having a [purpose] in resolving emotional conflicts by a process of emotional integration .

The all-important notion of the dreamwork involves an assumption about the function of dreaming ( and possibly of consciousness in general ) — that the dream is controlling the subject 's psychological state , and not the other way round .
the all-important notion of the dreamwork involves an assumption about the [purpose] of dreaming ( and possibly of consciousness in general ) — that the dream is controlling the subject 's psychological state , and not the other way round .

Charles Rycroft , an eminent contemporary British psychoanalyst , has gone so far as to reject entirely the Freudian theory of the origin and function of dreaming .
charles rycroft , an eminent contemporary british psychoanalyst , has gone so far as to reject entirely the freudian theory of the origin and [purpose] of dreaming .

Apart from any implications for theories of sleep function in physiology , results from experiments on the effects of sleep deprivation have some practical importance .
apart from any implications for theories of sleep [purpose] in physiology , results from experiments on the effects of sleep deprivation have some practical importance .

Agents began to charge to perform this function .
agents began to charge to perform this [purpose] .

The concept of marketing means that your advertising agency account personnel should have marketing as well as advertising experience and that the research function should be represented within the agency .
the concept of marketing means that your advertising agency account personnel should have marketing as well as advertising experience and that the research [purpose] should be represented within the agency .

The public relations function is increasingly used by a wide variety of interests .
the public relations [purpose] is increasingly used by a wide variety of interests .

The function of public relations
the [purpose] of public relations

Many have their public relations function handled by an outside consultancy as well as by an internal public relations officer .
many have their public relations [purpose] handled by an outside consultancy as well as by an internal public relations officer .

Primary function is to get new business for his company , decide policy , see clients remain happy , and turn in good profits .
primary [purpose] is to get new business for his company , decide policy , see clients remain happy , and turn in good profits .

Part of the public relations function is to feed this information back to the company .
part of the public relations [purpose] is to feed this information back to the company .

With an ageing population , limited national resources and , perhaps less than efficient administrators , health service management will need the function of professional public relations as much as industry and government now do .
with an ageing population , limited national resources and , perhaps less than efficient administrators , health service management will need the [purpose] of professional public relations as much as industry and government now do .

It is unlikely that you will get journalists from a regional newspaper to London to attend a function , although a number have a London representative .
it is unlikely that you will get journalists from a regional newspaper to london to attend a [purpose] , although a number have a london representative .

Packaging the campaign `` is a public relations function and that packaging is usually done first for the media — the powerful ally or potential enemy of your campaign .
packaging the campaign `` is a public relations [purpose] and that packaging is usually done first for the media — the powerful ally or potential enemy of your campaign .

Special interest groups , such as professional associations , societies , and commercial associations , including trade unions , frequently call upon the public relations function both inside their own organisations and with outside consultancies .
special interest groups , such as professional associations , societies , and commercial associations , including trade unions , frequently call upon the public relations [purpose] both inside their own organisations and with outside consultancies .

Along with this will be a call on the public relations function to advise and to operate increasingly sophisticated persuasion techniques within the framework of democracy .
along with this will be a call on the public relations [purpose] to advise and to operate increasingly sophisticated persuasion techniques within the framework of democracy .

Both Bell and Howell and Rank-Aldis make versions of this machine : bell and Howell 's is the Language Master , Rank-Aldis calls theirs a Card Reader , but they perform the same function .
both bell and howell and rank-aldis make versions of this machine : bell and howell 's is the language master , rank-aldis calls theirs a card reader , but they perform the same [purpose] .

Basically , The function is the same as for the Language Master — a recording can be made of written language which is displayed for the pupil — but the Audio Page runs for 4 minutes where the Language Master only provides at most about 10 seconds of time .
basically , the [purpose] is the same as for the language master — a recording can be made of written language which is displayed for the pupil — but the audio page runs for 4 minutes where the language master only provides at most about 10 seconds of time .

He was embarrassed about the nature of his illness and reluctant to discuss his bowel function with anyone , especially young women .
he was embarrassed about the nature of his illness and reluctant to discuss his bowel [purpose] with anyone , especially young women .

Living cells require a constant supply of oxygen and the removal of carbon dioxide to function .
living cells require a constant supply of oxygen and the removal of carbon dioxide to [purpose] .

to the oesophagus ) directly affects function , as air enters the normally airtight pleura , causing the lung to collapse .
to the oesophagus ) directly affects [purpose] , as air enters the normally airtight pleura , causing the lung to collapse .

The patient 's respiratory function is carefully controlled and monitored by the anaesthetist throughout the patient 's stay in theatre .
the patient 's respiratory [purpose] is carefully controlled and monitored by the anaesthetist throughout the patient 's stay in theatre .

For each cell to function correctly , the concentration of electrolytes and the amount and distribution of body fluids needs to be maintained within narrow limits .
for each cell to [purpose] correctly , the concentration of electrolytes and the amount and distribution of body fluids needs to be maintained within narrow limits .

Either can cause cellular damage , impairing function and hindering recovery .
either can cause cellular damage , impairing [purpose] and hindering recovery .

As electrolytes are acid or alkaline , disturbance of their delicate balance will affect body function .
as electrolytes are acid or alkaline , disturbance of their delicate balance will affect body [purpose] .

Circulatory function will be monitored and maintained by the anaesthetist .
circulatory [purpose] will be monitored and maintained by the anaesthetist .

Most people consider elimination to be a very private bodily function and therefore find it an embarrassing subject to discuss with hospital staff .
most people consider elimination to be a very private bodily [purpose] and therefore find it an embarrassing subject to discuss with hospital staff .

In view of individual variations , a careful assessment of bowel function is needed if a patient appears to have problems related to this . Tactful questioning about bowel habit is usually part of patient assessment in surgical wards for several reasons :
in view of individual variations , a careful assessment of bowel [purpose] is needed if a patient appears to have problems related to this . tactful questioning about bowel habit is usually part of patient assessment in surgical wards for several reasons :

To try to maintain " normal " bowel function by keeping to the patient 's own routine if possible , e.g. if a patient takes bran at breakfast , this should continue if not contra-indicated .
to try to maintain " normal " bowel [purpose] by keeping to the patient 's own routine if possible , e.g. if a patient takes bran at breakfast , this should continue if not contra-indicated .

Common problems related to bowel function may include constipation , diarrhoea , rectal bleeding , melaena or paralytic ileus .
common problems related to bowel [purpose] may include constipation , diarrhoea , rectal bleeding , melaena or paralytic ileus .

Physical activity assists body function by improving circulation and muscle tone ; exercise promotes deeper breathing and helps to prevent stasis in the gastro-intestinal tract .
physical activity assists body [purpose] by improving circulation and muscle tone ; exercise promotes deeper breathing and helps to prevent stasis in the gastro-intestinal tract .

Poor posture can lead to problems , such as curvature of the spine , and can impair lung function .
poor posture can lead to problems , such as curvature of the spine , and can impair lung [purpose] .

incorrect positioning of limbs can lead to loss of function and contractures .
incorrect positioning of limbs can lead to loss of [purpose] and contractures .

Under anaesthesia , neuromuscular control is lost and poor positioning of limbs in the peri-operative period can lead to a temporary loss of function if nerves have been pinched .
under anaesthesia , neuromuscular control is lost and poor positioning of limbs in the peri-operative period can lead to a temporary loss of [purpose] if nerves have been pinched .

The exact function of sleep is unproven , but it is believed to be important in the maintenance of health and body repair .
the exact [purpose] of sleep is unproven , but it is believed to be important in the maintenance of health and body repair .

Like sleep , its function appears to be energy.saving and restorative .
like sleep , its [purpose] appears to be energy.saving and restorative .

in some cases , the aim of nursing care may be to promote adaptation to the new situation , as previous function has not been restored completely .
in some cases , the aim of nursing care may be to promote adaptation to the new situation , as previous [purpose] has not been restored completely .

The appendix does not have any function in man ( i.e .
the appendix does not have any [purpose] in man ( i.e .

4 Once bowel function returns diet is gradually re-introduced .
4 once bowel [purpose] returns diet is gradually re-introduced .

( d ) changes in the attitudes of teachers towards the function and utilisation of the library in response to the Project , and especially in respect of curriculum development ;
( d ) changes in the attitudes of teachers towards the [purpose] and utilisation of the library in response to the project , and especially in respect of curriculum development ;

As already indicated , the function of these committees is to plan and oversee the form taken by the project within the school in question .
as already indicated , the [purpose] of these committees is to plan and oversee the form taken by the project within the school in question .

The refurbishment of the library served an important political function in convincing influential individuals of the school 's serious intent where the library was concerned .
the refurbishment of the library served an important political [purpose] in convincing influential individuals of the school 's serious intent where the library was concerned .

For the duration of the evaluation this space remained undeveloped , and although minimally used as a work area by some children , its main function was that of storage for an embryonic collection of newspaper cuttings .
for the duration of the evaluation this space remained undeveloped , and although minimally used as a work area by some children , its main [purpose] was that of storage for an embryonic collection of newspaper cuttings .

( 5 ) greater staff interest in issues of library funding and management ( e.g. the function of the Resource Centre , relations with the public library , computerised issue systems ) .
( 5 ) greater staff interest in issues of library funding and management ( e.g. the [purpose] of the resource centre , relations with the public library , computerised issue systems ) .

Although set up fairly soon after the coordinating committee , the Inservice Panel got off to rather a slow start , with its early meetings being characterised by fairly unstructured discussion of how it might function and what it might aim to achieve .
although set up fairly soon after the coordinating committee , the inservice panel got off to rather a slow start , with its early meetings being characterised by fairly unstructured discussion of how it might [purpose] and what it might aim to achieve .

In the final analysis , however , these committees not only performed an important manifest function in coordinating and producing coherent plans for project involvement , but also some valuable latent functions .
in the final analysis , however , these committees not only performed an important manifest [purpose] in coordinating and producing coherent plans for project involvement , but also some valuable latent functions .

Teachers might use the time to develop a general understanding of the function , purposes and procedures of tile host organisation — or they may wish to focus on specific issues : for example , recruitment procedures , interview techniques , management skills , appraisal , and so on .
teachers might use the time to develop a general understanding of the [purpose] , purposes and procedures of tile host organisation — or they may wish to focus on specific issues : for example , recruitment procedures , interview techniques , management skills , appraisal , and so on .

At times when a patient area changes its function or service changes are introduced , the responsibility for updating should fall to the nurse or staff involved in service planning .
at times when a patient area changes its [purpose] or service changes are introduced , the responsibility for updating should fall to the nurse or staff involved in service planning .

One important function of friendship is to provide stability .
one important [purpose] of friendship is to provide stability .

The immediate effect is to remove food particles and freshen your breath , but the crucial function is the daily removal of plaque .
the immediate effect is to remove food particles and freshen your breath , but the crucial [purpose] is the daily removal of plaque .

The exception — the apparently insatiable appetite for green reading matter — is itself a function of a hyped boom in eco-discourse which already shows signs of peaking .
the exception — the apparently insatiable appetite for green reading matter — is itself a [purpose] of a hyped boom in eco-discourse which already shows signs of peaking .

City states like Hong Kong and Singapore revive , extraterritorial ‘ industrial zones ’ multiply inside technically sovereign nation-states like Hanseatic Steelyards , and so do offshore tax-havens in otherwise valueless islands whose only function is , precisely , to remove economic transactions from the control of nation-states .
city states like hong kong and singapore revive , extraterritorial ‘ industrial zones ’ multiply inside technically sovereign nation-states like hanseatic steelyards , and so do offshore tax-havens in otherwise valueless islands whose only [purpose] is , precisely , to remove economic transactions from the control of nation-states .

Much post-modernist art has had a critical and contestatory function which is all too easily overlooked .
much post-modernist art has had a critical and contestatory [purpose] which is all too easily overlooked .

The opening pages , for instance , are given an all-purpose espressivo con molto vibrato treatment which wholly belies their anticipatory function , while the bassoon at the opening of the development section ( from 9'03 ’ ) is under the note and inappropriately fruity .
the opening pages , for instance , are given an all-purpose espressivo con molto vibrato treatment which wholly belies their anticipatory [purpose] , while the bassoon at the opening of the development section ( from 9'03 ’ ) is under the note and inappropriately fruity .

The remaining songs are mostly of a more cheerful nature , sometimes with an occasional function .
the remaining songs are mostly of a more cheerful nature , sometimes with an occasional [purpose] .

This was precisely the most important function of a composer recording .
this was precisely the most important [purpose] of a composer recording .

The function of the secondary speakers was to give a third dimension to the acoustical properties of the recording , and thus provide extra realism .
the [purpose] of the secondary speakers was to give a third dimension to the acoustical properties of the recording , and thus provide extra realism .

They are , therefore , very similar in size to many of the Scottish districts , but they are not responsible for as many services : housing , for example , a district function in the whole of Britain , is administered centrally in Northern Ireland .
they are , therefore , very similar in size to many of the scottish districts , but they are not responsible for as many services : housing , for example , a district [purpose] in the whole of britain , is administered centrally in northern ireland .

The combination of these two functions in Britain is seen as a safeguard against the development of authoritarian police methods , but it brings other problems , as the methods of public control necessary to one function may not always be acceptable for the second .
the combination of these two functions in britain is seen as a safeguard against the development of authoritarian police methods , but it brings other problems , as the methods of public control necessary to one [purpose] may not always be acceptable for the second .

The role of the leader of the council is recognised in some local authorities by the appointment of an officer to support his or her policy-forming function .
the role of the leader of the council is recognised in some local authorities by the appointment of an officer to support his or her policy-forming [purpose] .

The most elementary division is between those who concentrate on the representative function of a councillor by looking after the interests of individual constituents and those who prefer the managerial function of determining policy and ensuring its implementation .
the most elementary division is between those who concentrate on the representative [purpose] of a councillor by looking after the interests of individual constituents and those who prefer the managerial [purpose] of determining policy and ensuring its implementation .

In the same way that the human body , for instance , is an integrated whole whose individual parts serve particular ‘ needs ’ of the system ( for example , the heart performs the function of pumping blood around the body , the bowel functions to collect and evacuate solid-waste products , and so on ) , so society comprises a system of interdependent institutions each with a contribution to make to the overall stability and continuity of the whole .
in the same way that the human body , for instance , is an integrated whole whose individual parts serve particular ‘ needs ’ of the system ( for example , the heart performs the [purpose] of pumping blood around the body , the bowel functions to collect and evacuate solid-waste products , and so on ) , so society comprises a system of interdependent institutions each with a contribution to make to the overall stability and continuity of the whole .

social phenomena exist because they have some positive function to perform in society ;
social phenomena exist because they have some positive [purpose] to perform in society ;

It would appear , then , they argue , that stratification and inequality perform some necessary and positive function for society .
it would appear , then , they argue , that stratification and inequality perform some necessary and positive [purpose] for society .

However , it is the separation of powers which vests the assets in the Church Commissioners and the policy-making function in General Synod that seems to cause most difficulty .
however , it is the separation of powers which vests the assets in the church commissioners and the policy-making [purpose] in general synod that seems to cause most difficulty .

In fact , the tensions between the Church Commissioners and General Synod have as much to do with the Commissioners ' function as mediators between Church and State .
in fact , the tensions between the church commissioners and general synod have as much to do with the commissioners ' [purpose] as mediators between church and state .

Armed with the new empirical understanding of the human body and its function from Vesalius , Harvey , Malpighi , Hooke , Baillie , and others , respect for medicine grew and the profession expanded , although London and Edinburgh remained the only British medical schools .
armed with the new empirical understanding of the human body and its [purpose] from vesalius , harvey , malpighi , hooke , baillie , and others , respect for medicine grew and the profession expanded , although london and edinburgh remained the only british medical schools .

Did nobility derive from birth , function , or attribute ?
did nobility derive from birth , [purpose] , or attribute ?

It tends to depreciate the role of purpose and to maintain , explicitly or implicitly , that the function of thinking is to study a sequence of events which it is powerless to influence or to alter .
it tends to depreciate the role of purpose and to maintain , explicitly or implicitly , that the [purpose] of thinking is to study a sequence of events which it is powerless to influence or to alter .

They are , first , that history is a sequence of cause and effect , whose course is to be grasped not by imagination but by intellectual effort ; secondly , that theory does not create practice but is created by practice ; and thirdly , that politics is not a function of ethics , but rather , that ethics is a function of politics , and morality is the product of power .
they are , first , that history is a sequence of cause and effect , whose course is to be grasped not by imagination but by intellectual effort ; secondly , that theory does not create practice but is created by practice ; and thirdly , that politics is not a [purpose] of ethics , but rather , that ethics is a [purpose] of politics , and morality is the product of power .

This picture broke with the past by dispensing with the idea that everything in nature has a purpose or proper function , which explains why it behaves as it does .
this picture broke with the past by dispensing with the idea that everything in nature has a purpose or proper [purpose] , which explains why it behaves as it does .

Its function is to act as a filing system … .
its [purpose] is to act as a filing system … .

Although they embody a real-world claim about how agents are motivated , they function more like a paradigm than a generalization .
although they embody a real-world claim about how agents are motivated , they [purpose] more like a paradigm than a generalization .

The thesis that moral codes function similarly , despite differences in content , has been analysed within International Relations in the literature on belief-systems.The analysis has been helped by assuming that its task is to explain how belief-systems operate , whereas Winch invites us to understand why they matter .
the thesis that moral codes [purpose] similarly , despite differences in content , has been analysed within international relations in the literature on belief-systems.the analysis has been helped by assuming that its task is to explain how belief-systems operate , whereas winch invites us to understand why they matter .

To the extent that his religious function included freeing his people from bondage , his spiritual role was also political .
to the extent that his religious [purpose] included freeing his people from bondage , his spiritual role was also political .

For the whole of Jesus 's public ministry , Simon Peter is at his master 's side , almost as a kind of bodyguard — a function in keeping with his sobriquet of ‘ Rocky ’ or ‘ tough ’ .
for the whole of jesus 's public ministry , simon peter is at his master 's side , almost as a kind of bodyguard — a [purpose] in keeping with his sobriquet of ‘ rocky ’ or ‘ tough ’ .

He seems to function as a wholly peripheral supernumerary .
he seems to [purpose] as a wholly peripheral supernumerary .

In terms of Wirral , this function is carried out by the local Drugs Council which provides a ‘ drop-in ’ service for users and their families , a 24-hour telephone service , two-week induction courses with follow-up counselling , and residential facilities for those who need to ‘ come off the street ’ .
in terms of wirral , this [purpose] is carried out by the local drugs council which provides a ‘ drop-in ’ service for users and their families , a 24-hour telephone service , two-week induction courses with follow-up counselling , and residential facilities for those who need to ‘ come off the street ’ .

Despite its international character , the conference continues to function under the supervision of a Commission of State of the Netherlands established by Royal Decree in 1897 , and the Netherlands Government bears the costs of the Sessions of the Conference held generally every four years ; however , the budget of its Permanent Bureau is approved by the diplomatic representatives in The Hague of Member States .
despite its international character , the conference continues to [purpose] under the supervision of a commission of state of the netherlands established by royal decree in 1897 , and the netherlands government bears the costs of the sessions of the conference held generally every four years ; however , the budget of its permanent bureau is approved by the diplomatic representatives in the hague of member states .

Taking the French system as an example , the huissier de justice engaged by the plaintiff will deliver the documents to the ministère public ; this is a body of officers attached to the court and primarily responsible for the public prosecution function in the criminal jurisdiction , and customarily and conveniently referred to as the parquet ( which literally means ‘ the well of the court ’ where these officers used to be placed ) .
taking the french system as an example , the huissier de justice engaged by the plaintiff will deliver the documents to the ministère public ; this is a body of officers attached to the court and primarily responsible for the public prosecution [purpose] in the criminal jurisdiction , and customarily and conveniently referred to as the parquet ( which literally means ‘ the well of the court ’ where these officers used to be placed ) .

The service of judicial documents is a well-recognised consular function .
the service of judicial documents is a well-recognised consular [purpose] .

However , a significant number of countries are wedded to a principle which requires all outgoing requests to emanate directly from a court ; for such countries the superimposition of an administrative agency in the context of a judicial function is impossible .
however , a significant number of countries are wedded to a principle which requires all outgoing requests to emanate directly from a court ; for such countries the superimposition of an administrative agency in the context of a judicial [purpose] is impossible .

Civil law systems see these aspects of evidence-gathering as a judicial function .
civil law systems see these aspects of evidence-gathering as a judicial [purpose] .

Each case must be examined on its own facts , examining the function rather than just the formal categorisation of the requesting authority .
each case must be examined on its own facts , examining the [purpose] rather than just the formal categorisation of the requesting authority .

In a common law country , the preparation of a case for trial is the private responsibility of the parties , and so the taking of evidence , without compulsion , by a consul or a commissioner does not necessarily offend such a country 's concept of judicial sovereignty ; but the position may be very different where , as in many civil law countries the obtaining of evidence is part of the judicial function , and official permission is be required before the evidence can be taken privately .
in a common law country , the preparation of a case for trial is the private responsibility of the parties , and so the taking of evidence , without compulsion , by a consul or a commissioner does not necessarily offend such a country 's concept of judicial sovereignty ; but the position may be very different where , as in many civil law countries the obtaining of evidence is part of the judicial [purpose] , and official permission is be required before the evidence can be taken privately .

2 Function rooms .
2 [purpose] rooms .

‘ Our job is an integral part of the function of the University .
‘ our job is an integral part of the [purpose] of the university .

If there is a major function she liaises with building services for cleaning , as well as the plumbers and joiners , should anything go wrong behind the scenes .
if there is a major [purpose] she liaises with building services for cleaning , as well as the plumbers and joiners , should anything go wrong behind the scenes .

In fact the staff tend to work longer hours , midweek and weekends , serving breakfast , lunch and evening meals to delegates , as well as function buffets , often working from 7.00am until late at night .
in fact the staff tend to work longer hours , midweek and weekends , serving breakfast , lunch and evening meals to delegates , as well as [purpose] buffets , often working from 7.00am until late at night .

To investigate the prevalence of pre-clinical loss of visual function in diabetes melitus .
to investigate the prevalence of pre-clinical loss of visual [purpose] in diabetes melitus .

( b ) carried out in accordance with the terms and conditions of any licences by which the function , or any part of it , is permitted ;
( b ) carried out in accordance with the terms and conditions of any licences by which the [purpose] , or any part of it , is permitted ;

Impairment describes parts or systems of the body which do not function properly such as hearing or sight .
impairment describes parts or systems of the body which do not [purpose] properly such as hearing or sight .

To help prevent unnecessary loss of function .
to help prevent unnecessary loss of [purpose] .

From a transactional sociological viewpoint , the function of Folk Devils is quite clear .
from a transactional sociological viewpoint , the [purpose] of folk devils is quite clear .

Although his groups , ‘ Tiddlers ’ , ‘ Ritz ’ , and ‘ Boys ’ , reflected increasing involvement in delinquent activities , they served the same function of enabling young people to achieve the sort of reputations and images denied them in mainstream society .
although his groups , ‘ tiddlers ’ , ‘ ritz ’ , and ‘ boys ’ , reflected increasing involvement in delinquent activities , they served the same [purpose] of enabling young people to achieve the sort of reputations and images denied them in mainstream society .

The function of their role we see as being , like that of the deviant in relation to society , the visible demonstration of the limits to ‘ legitimate ’ action .
the [purpose] of their role we see as being , like that of the deviant in relation to society , the visible demonstration of the limits to ‘ legitimate ’ action .

Their function is simply that of dealing with the business aspects of terrace life and of negotiating with the outside world .
their [purpose] is simply that of dealing with the business aspects of terrace life and of negotiating with the outside world .

The Brighton Hotel also boasts an attractive restaurant offering superb menus ; spacious function rooms for conferences , meetings , weddings , parties and banquets ; and comfortable relaxing bar and lounge areas .
the brighton hotel also boasts an attractive restaurant offering superb menus ; spacious [purpose] rooms for conferences , meetings , weddings , parties and banquets ; and comfortable relaxing bar and lounge areas .

Attractive carvery restaurant , relaxing bar areas , rear patio , and function rooms available for meetings , weddings , parties and banquets .
attractive carvery restaurant , relaxing bar areas , rear patio , and [purpose] rooms available for meetings , weddings , parties and banquets .

Similarly the very bedrock of fiduciary law — the no conflict and no profit rule — are compromised by multi-service financial conglomerates , which , by very nature , function on the basis of conflicting duties .
similarly the very bedrock of fiduciary law — the no conflict and no profit rule — are compromised by multi-service financial conglomerates , which , by very nature , [purpose] on the basis of conflicting duties .

Western liberal democracies may legitimately use the symbolic and stigmatic function of the criminal law to outlaw conduct which is incompatible with the ideals upon which those democracies depend , here , fair and orderly stock markets .
western liberal democracies may legitimately use the symbolic and stigmatic [purpose] of the criminal law to outlaw conduct which is incompatible with the ideals upon which those democracies depend , here , fair and orderly stock markets .

dealings made by individuals in the bona fide performance of their function as liquidator , receiver or trustee in bankruptcy
dealings made by individuals in the bona fide performance of their [purpose] as liquidator , receiver or trustee in bankruptcy

The second defence covers individuals in the bona fide performance of their function as liquidator , receiver , or trustee in bankruptcy .
the second defence covers individuals in the bona fide performance of their [purpose] as liquidator , receiver , or trustee in bankruptcy .

Association of low birth weight with β cell function in the adult first degree relatives of non-insulin dependent diabetic subjects
association of low birth weight with β cell [purpose] in the adult first degree relatives of non-insulin dependent diabetic subjects

To examine the relation between birth weight and β cell function in the first degree relatives of non-insulin dependent diabetic subjects .
to examine the relation between birth weight and β cell [purpose] in the first degree relatives of non-insulin dependent diabetic subjects .

β cell function and insulin sensitivity calculated from the fasting plasma glucose and insulin concentrations with homeostasis model assessment .
β cell [purpose] and insulin sensitivity calculated from the fasting plasma glucose and insulin concentrations with homeostasis model assessment .

β cell function was standardised to allow for the confounding effects of age and obesity .
β cell [purpose] was standardised to allow for the confounding effects of age and obesity .

Birth weight correlated with the β cell function of the complete cohort ( r s =0.29 , p=0.005 ) , the non-insulin dependent diabetic subjects ( r s =0.50 , p=0.023 ) , and the non-diabetic subjects ( r s =0.29 , p=0.013 ) .
birth weight correlated with the β cell [purpose] of the complete cohort ( r s =0.29 , p=0.005 ) , the non-insulin dependent diabetic subjects ( r s =0.50 , p=0.023 ) , and the non-diabetic subjects ( r s =0.29 , p=0.013 ) .

Non-insulin dependent diabetic subjects had significantly lower β function than the non-diabetic subjects : 69 % ( 48 % –83 % ) v 97 % ( 86 % –120 % ) , p < 0.001 .
non-insulin dependent diabetic subjects had significantly lower β [purpose] than the non-diabetic subjects : 69 % ( 48 % –83 % ) v 97 % ( 86 % –120 % ) , p < 0.001 .

The cause of the association between low birth weight and reduced β cell function in adult life is uncertain .
the cause of the association between low birth weight and reduced β cell [purpose] in adult life is uncertain .

Impaired β cell function in non-insulin dependent diabetic subjects was not accounted for by low birth weight , and genetic or environmental factors are likely to be necessary for development of diabetes .
impaired β cell [purpose] in non-insulin dependent diabetic subjects was not accounted for by low birth weight , and genetic or environmental factors are likely to be necessary for development of diabetes .

The relation of reduced growth in early life with subsequent β cell function and insulin sensitivity has not been examined .
the relation of reduced growth in early life with subsequent β cell [purpose] and insulin sensitivity has not been examined .

We studied 101 family members of 47 non-insulin dependent diabetic subjects to determine the relation of birth weight with β cell function and insulin sensitivity in adult life .
we studied 101 family members of 47 non-insulin dependent diabetic subjects to determine the relation of birth weight with β cell [purpose] and insulin sensitivity in adult life .

The fasting plasma glucose and insulin concentrations were interpreted by homeostasis model assessment to assess β cell function and insulin sensitivity .
the fasting plasma glucose and insulin concentrations were interpreted by homeostasis model assessment to assess β cell [purpose] and insulin sensitivity .

Different degrees of insulin resistance and impaired β cell function can be introduced into the model , and for each combination the homeostatic fasting plasma glucose and insulin results achieved by the feedback loops are calculated .
different degrees of insulin resistance and impaired β cell [purpose] can be introduced into the model , and for each combination the homeostatic fasting plasma glucose and insulin results achieved by the feedback loops are calculated .

Each patient 's fasting plasma glucose and insulin measurements can be interpreted by the model to predict the β cell function and insulin sensitivity that are likely to have given those measurements .
each patient 's fasting plasma glucose and insulin measurements can be interpreted by the model to predict the β cell [purpose] and insulin sensitivity that are likely to have given those measurements .

β cell function and insulin sensitivity are expressed as centile groups defined relative to a non-diabetic population aged below 35 years and weighing less than 115 % of ideal weight .
β cell [purpose] and insulin sensitivity are expressed as centile groups defined relative to a non-diabetic population aged below 35 years and weighing less than 115 % of ideal weight .

β cell function and insulin sensitivity measured by homeostatic model assessment have been shown to correlate with measures obtained by hyperglycaemic clamp and euglycaemic clamp .
β cell [purpose] and insulin sensitivity measured by homeostatic model assessment have been shown to correlate with measures obtained by hyperglycaemic clamp and euglycaemic clamp .

To allow for the confounding effects of age and obesity on β cell function we calculated the standardised residual β cell function with respect to the regression of β cell function with age and obesity in a population of 104 non-diabetic people ( age 21–76 years , percentage of ideal weight 86 % -158 % ) .
to allow for the confounding effects of age and obesity on β cell [purpose] we calculated the standardised residual β cell [purpose] with respect to the regression of β cell [purpose] with age and obesity in a population of 104 non-diabetic people ( age 21–76 years , percentage of ideal weight 86 % -158 % ) .

This is termed standardised β cell function .
this is termed standardised β cell [purpose] .

The diabetic subjects not receiving insulin had significantly lower β cell function ( median 69 % ) than the subjects with impaired glucose tolerance ( median 96 % , p < 0.001 ) and the subjects with normoglycaemia ( median 98 % , p < 0.001 ) .
the diabetic subjects not receiving insulin had significantly lower β cell [purpose] ( median 69 % ) than the subjects with impaired glucose tolerance ( median 96 % , p < 0.001 ) and the subjects with normoglycaemia ( median 98 % , p < 0.001 ) .

Centile group for birth weight was correlated with the standardised β cell function of the complete cohort ( r s =0.29 , p=0.005 ) ( fig 1 ) .
centile group for birth weight was correlated with the standardised β cell [purpose] of the complete cohort ( r s =0.29 , p=0.005 ) ( fig 1 ) .

Analysis of birth weight in kilograms rather than by centiles did not affect these correlations , the absolute value for the whole cohort correlating with the standardised β cell function ( r s =0.28 ( p=0.007 ) .
analysis of birth weight in kilograms rather than by centiles did not affect these correlations , the absolute value for the whole cohort correlating with the standardised β cell [purpose] ( r s =0.28 ( p=0.007 ) .

The correlation coefficient between centile group for birth weight and standardised β cell function for the offspring of the normoglycaemic mothers was r s =42 ( p=0.015 ) .
the correlation coefficient between centile group for birth weight and standardised β cell [purpose] for the offspring of the normoglycaemic mothers was r s =42 ( p=0.015 ) .

We found that birth weight in first degree relatives of non-insulin dependent diabetic subjects correlated with the β cell function at mean age 43 years .
we found that birth weight in first degree relatives of non-insulin dependent diabetic subjects correlated with the β cell [purpose] at mean age 43 years .

This is compatible with the hypothesis that prenatal nutrition affects subsequent pancreatic function .
this is compatible with the hypothesis that prenatal nutrition affects subsequent pancreatic [purpose] .

This conclusion is supported by the significant correlation observed between birth weight and β cell function in the subjects with validated birthweight data .
this conclusion is supported by the significant correlation observed between birth weight and β cell [purpose] in the subjects with validated birthweight data .

Although interobserver error and the different weighing devices used to weigh infants might have caused variability in the data , the association between birth weight and adult β cell function was significant at the 1 % level .
although interobserver error and the different weighing devices used to weigh infants might have caused variability in the data , the association between birth weight and adult β cell [purpose] was significant at the 1 % level .

The mechanisms which link low birth weight with reduced β cell function in later life are unknown .
the mechanisms which link low birth weight with reduced β cell [purpose] in later life are unknown .

The non-insulin dependent diabetic offspring had a considerably reduced β cell function , even though 13 of these subjects were taking sulphonylureas , which increase β cell function about twofold .
the non-insulin dependent diabetic offspring had a considerably reduced β cell [purpose] , even though 13 of these subjects were taking sulphonylureas , which increase β cell [purpose] about twofold .

Nevertheless , the lack of association between reduced birth weight and the subsequent development of diabetes suggests that defects of β cell function , in addition to that which may be induced by malnutrition in utero , are probably required for the development of non-insulin dependent diabetes .
nevertheless , the lack of association between reduced birth weight and the subsequent development of diabetes suggests that defects of β cell [purpose] , in addition to that which may be induced by malnutrition in utero , are probably required for the development of non-insulin dependent diabetes .

In conclusion , low birth weight in first degree relatives of non-insulin dependent diabetic subjects was associated with reduced β cell function at mean age 43 years .
in conclusion , low birth weight in first degree relatives of non-insulin dependent diabetic subjects was associated with reduced β cell [purpose] at mean age 43 years .

Impaired nutrition in utero may play a part in reducing adult β cell function .
impaired nutrition in utero may play a part in reducing adult β cell [purpose] .

However , additional genetic or environmental factors leading to more severely impaired β cell function are likely to be necessary for the development of non-insulin dependent diabetes .
however , additional genetic or environmental factors leading to more severely impaired β cell [purpose] are likely to be necessary for the development of non-insulin dependent diabetes .

Secondly , much of the evidence presented in the editorial ( and this letter ) is based on hypotheses derived from models of invasion and metastasis that may bear little relation to the function of metalloproteinases in vivo .
secondly , much of the evidence presented in the editorial ( and this letter ) is based on hypotheses derived from models of invasion and metastasis that may bear little relation to the [purpose] of metalloproteinases in vivo .

The core role of the special health authorities and their institutes is clinical research , and their educational function stems from this .
the core role of the special health authorities and their institutes is clinical research , and their educational [purpose] stems from this .

This interface will function optically as a convex mirror , and light incident on it — which normally would not be perceived because it would fall on the blind spot , will be reflected back into the eye .
this interface will [purpose] optically as a convex mirror , and light incident on it — which normally would not be perceived because it would fall on the blind spot , will be reflected back into the eye .

It is now beginning to be argued by feminists that in order to deal with pornography and what the phenomenon reveals , we have first to understand it , understand , that is , the meaning and function of fantasy for both men and women , and what effects it has on the rest of one 's life ( see Wilson , 1983 for a summary of this discussion , and also Carter , 1979 ; Linden et al .
it is now beginning to be argued by feminists that in order to deal with pornography and what the phenomenon reveals , we have first to understand it , understand , that is , the meaning and [purpose] of fantasy for both men and women , and what effects it has on the rest of one 's life ( see wilson , 1983 for a summary of this discussion , and also carter , 1979 ; linden et al .

Placing Irigaray 's work in the context of Freudian and post-Freudian theory , Whitford suggests that Irigaray 's apparently very traditional and essentialist use of symbolism has a strategic function , like that of Derrida 's analyses , designed to draw attention to the underpinnings of Western metaphysics , in order to undermine them .
placing irigaray 's work in the context of freudian and post-freudian theory , whitford suggests that irigaray 's apparently very traditional and essentialist use of symbolism has a strategic [purpose] , like that of derrida 's analyses , designed to draw attention to the underpinnings of western metaphysics , in order to undermine them .

In her densely argued and complex paper , Hodge points out that one can distinguish between the subject , a notion with ontological and metaphysical commitments , and subjectivity , an empiricist notion ( developed , for example , by Hume ) which retains its epistemological function while abandoning its ontological links .
in her densely argued and complex paper , hodge points out that one can distinguish between the subject , a notion with ontological and metaphysical commitments , and subjectivity , an empiricist notion ( developed , for example , by hume ) which retains its epistemological [purpose] while abandoning its ontological links .

The Disney-inspired theme parks serve an only slightly different function .
the disney-inspired theme parks serve an only slightly different [purpose] .

The transactions demand is related to the function money performs as a medium of exchange in that a certain quantity of money balances is required by economic transactors simply to purchase the goods and services they expect to buy during the period in question .
the transactions demand is related to the [purpose] money performs as a medium of exchange in that a certain quantity of money balances is required by economic transactors simply to purchase the goods and services they expect to buy during the period in question .

For both these reasons , therefore , one would expect the transactions demand to be a function of money incomes .
for both these reasons , therefore , one would expect the transactions demand to be a [purpose] of money incomes .

In the world of sport , high-performance function meets exemplary form . Esquire selects ten winners by Amelia Dare
in the world of sport , high-performance [purpose] meets exemplary form . esquire selects ten winners by amelia dare

Chairs , plates , umbrella stands , waste-paper baskets , lavatories : no household object , however lowly its function , appears to have escaped the ironic Fornasetti touch .
chairs , plates , umbrella stands , waste-paper baskets , lavatories : no household object , however lowly its [purpose] , appears to have escaped the ironic fornasetti touch .

The super-ego is introduced as a concept to cope with this problem , its function being to censor and keep repressed material repressed .
the super-ego is introduced as a concept to cope with this problem , its [purpose] being to censor and keep repressed material repressed .

Conscience is a function of the ego ideal , and is critical of failure to live up to the ego ideal .
conscience is a [purpose] of the ego ideal , and is critical of failure to live up to the ego ideal .

These primary processes always seek pleasure and avoid pain , that is , they function according to the pleasure principle .
these primary processes always seek pleasure and avoid pain , that is , they [purpose] according to the pleasure principle .

The intention was to place a legal obstacle in the way of anyone seeking to imitate the Ordainers , but the Statute of York should not be taken to mean that the king and his supporters had a high view of the function of parliament .
the intention was to place a legal obstacle in the way of anyone seeking to imitate the ordainers , but the statute of york should not be taken to mean that the king and his supporters had a high view of the [purpose] of parliament .

This proposal to establish a council which would in effect supervise the government of the realm while the king was overseas was the clearest echo of the Ordinances , though with the crucial difference that it was to function only as long as the king was out of the realm : it was not the intention of the commons to subject the king permanently to conciliar restraint .
this proposal to establish a council which would in effect supervise the government of the realm while the king was overseas was the clearest echo of the ordinances , though with the crucial difference that it was to [purpose] only as long as the king was out of the realm : it was not the intention of the commons to subject the king permanently to conciliar restraint .

Dick Mainwaring , landlord of the Butt and Oyster at Pinmill , says the country pub serves an important function .
dick mainwaring , landlord of the butt and oyster at pinmill , says the country pub serves an important [purpose] .

Unlike the back-to-backs and the tenements built for the poor in the nineteenth century , which treated the poor like prostitutes — they 'll always be with us , but at least keep them off the streets — their function was to take the streetwise communities off the streets and clean up the gregarious clamour of the slum-dwellers .
unlike the back-to-backs and the tenements built for the poor in the nineteenth century , which treated the poor like prostitutes — they 'll always be with us , but at least keep them off the streets — their [purpose] was to take the streetwise communities off the streets and clean up the gregarious clamour of the slum-dwellers .

Arrears are phenomenal in most authorities , a function of both the impoverishment of tenants and of their rebellion .
arrears are phenomenal in most authorities , a [purpose] of both the impoverishment of tenants and of their rebellion .

The primary function of the teacher is not so much to impart information as to help the student to assimilate the course of reading and lesson notes and to stimulate the questioning attitude of mind by every means at his/her disposal .
the primary [purpose] of the teacher is not so much to impart information as to help the student to assimilate the course of reading and lesson notes and to stimulate the questioning attitude of mind by every means at his/her disposal .

Debbie Avis and a representative from the Amro Bank attended a lavish function at the Guildhall and were presented to the Lord Mayor and Lady Mayoress .
debbie avis and a representative from the amro bank attended a lavish [purpose] at the guildhall and were presented to the lord mayor and lady mayoress .

Designed to enable the user to function effectively in the situations which occur most frequently in business .
designed to enable the user to [purpose] effectively in the situations which occur most frequently in business .

Function and concept relating to skills of management , units corresponding to five teaching hours each .
[purpose] and concept relating to skills of management , units corresponding to five teaching hours each .

Division of the office function into departments ; their work , responsibilities and relationship to each other .
division of the office [purpose] into departments ; their work , responsibilities and relationship to each other .

Organisation and division of the office function into departments : their work , responsibilities and relation to each other .
organisation and division of the office [purpose] into departments : their work , responsibilities and relation to each other .

They will have a great deal of expertise to offer within the administrative support function .
they will have a great deal of expertise to offer within the administrative support [purpose] .

The function of the Committee is to :
the [purpose] of the committee is to :

Following extensive research with industry into the needs and activities of the training function , the standards will be published later this year .
following extensive research with industry into the needs and activities of the training [purpose] , the standards will be published later this year .

an undamaged chair which was part of a three piece suite can still fulfill its function .
an undamaged chair which was part of a three piece suite can still fulfill its [purpose] .

All involved in the chain from installation to servicing , fully understand the design and function of plants and over the last decade an increasing awareness of the environment has concentrated concern for the situations in which people live , work and play .
all involved in the chain from installation to servicing , fully understand the design and [purpose] of plants and over the last decade an increasing awareness of the environment has concentrated concern for the situations in which people live , work and play .

Plainly , there is therefore an absolute necessity of early identification of all witnesses upon whom one might rely , even if at that stage statements are not taken from them , thus for example , it would be good practice to identify all those persons who witnessed the accident , who were working in the vicinity of the pursuer at the time of the accident , together with those who have a supervisory function , such as Foreman , Supervisors and Shift Managers .
plainly , there is therefore an absolute necessity of early identification of all witnesses upon whom one might rely , even if at that stage statements are not taken from them , thus for example , it would be good practice to identify all those persons who witnessed the accident , who were working in the vicinity of the pursuer at the time of the accident , together with those who have a supervisory [purpose] , such as foreman , supervisors and shift managers .

The function was chaired by Fred Pooley and ninety two members attended .
the [purpose] was chaired by fred pooley and ninety two members attended .

Another constitutional function of the Biennial Delegate Conference is the election of a President and Vice-President .
another constitutional [purpose] of the biennial delegate conference is the election of a president and vice-president .

Tucking in at the Cork District Social function held in Clancy 's Bar on Wednesday , 7th April 1993 .
tucking in at the cork district social [purpose] held in clancy 's bar on wednesday , 7th april 1993 .

The function was most enjoyable and we were richly entertained into the early hours by local musicians and some of our own most talented members .
the [purpose] was most enjoyable and we were richly entertained into the early hours by local musicians and some of our own most talented members .

The Duart Point wreck was the first to be designated since Historic Scotland took over this function from the Department of Transport .
the duart point wreck was the first to be designated since historic scotland took over this [purpose] from the department of transport .

board members were unclear about the precise function of school boards and therefore about how training could help them fulfil these functions
board members were unclear about the precise [purpose] of school boards and therefore about how training could help them fulfil these functions

To provide a board of directors with reassurances that its management information systems and internal control systems are sufficiently reliable and relevant each company should establish and maintain a strong internal audit function under the direction of a chief internal auditor .
to provide a board of directors with reassurances that its management information systems and internal control systems are sufficiently reliable and relevant each company should establish and maintain a strong internal audit [purpose] under the direction of a chief internal auditor .

The essential point was that , in those major companies with a active internal audit function , it already had enough on its plate .
the essential point was that , in those major companies with a active internal audit [purpose] , it already had enough on its plate .

Nevertheless , in the view of , finance director of Caledonian Bank , ‘ the cost of an internal audit function to a smaller company would be horrific ’ .
nevertheless , in the view of , finance director of caledonian bank , ‘ the cost of an internal audit [purpose] to a smaller company would be horrific ’ .

‘ If you consider that out of the 1,800 listed companies the top 200 account for 85 per cent of the equity market by market capital , and that once you get to the next 100 companies like ourselves they already have comparatively few qualified people in the finance function , the addition of equally qualified internal audit people looks like overkill .
‘ if you consider that out of the 1,800 listed companies the top 200 account for 85 per cent of the equity market by market capital , and that once you get to the next 100 companies like ourselves they already have comparatively few qualified people in the finance [purpose] , the addition of equally qualified internal audit people looks like overkill .

The tendency to see only as far as the limit of particular function .
the tendency to see only as far as the limit of particular [purpose] .

In the same way , key performance indicators set up for each function are reviewed quarterly against its business plan with relevant managers ‘ but it 's not a dull , dry event : it 's when everybody pulls together , discussing everything that 's happening in great depth and giving managers the opportunity to explain to directors why they 're falling short , the constraints and obstacles , and so achieving agreement with the figures and the indicators used , ’ he said .
in the same way , key performance indicators set up for each [purpose] are reviewed quarterly against its business plan with relevant managers ‘ but it 's not a dull , dry event : it 's when everybody pulls together , discussing everything that 's happening in great depth and giving managers the opportunity to explain to directors why they 're falling short , the constraints and obstacles , and so achieving agreement with the figures and the indicators used , ’ he said .

And there are three other large function rooms — The Boardroom , The Music Room and the very popular Tower Suite , which has a view through the roof of the restored clock tower .
and there are three other large [purpose] rooms — the boardroom , the music room and the very popular tower suite , which has a view through the roof of the restored clock tower .

When combined with archaeological evidence of settlement distribution , age and function it will be possible to reconstruct something of the lives of people since the first settlers arrived in the area over 7,000 years ago .
when combined with archaeological evidence of settlement distribution , age and [purpose] it will be possible to reconstruct something of the lives of people since the first settlers arrived in the area over 7,000 years ago .

All living systems have a history which shapes the way they function today — to attempt to cure environmental ills without understanding their origin would be to operate on a patient without ever consulting the medical case notes .
all living systems have a history which shapes the way they [purpose] today — to attempt to cure environmental ills without understanding their origin would be to operate on a patient without ever consulting the medical case notes .

Both oral presentation and writing , however , have an additional function in helping the researchers to sort out and understand their findings in order to be able to communicate them .
both oral presentation and writing , however , have an additional [purpose] in helping the researchers to sort out and understand their findings in order to be able to communicate them .

Peer groups appear to have a dynamic role , the function and influence of which shifts across adolescence .
peer groups appear to have a dynamic role , the [purpose] and influence of which shifts across adolescence .

Both oral presentation and writing , however , have an additional function in helping the researchers to sort out and understand their findings in order to be able to communicate them to others .
both oral presentation and writing , however , have an additional [purpose] in helping the researchers to sort out and understand their findings in order to be able to communicate them to others .

Sixty eight children enjoyed this function with ‘ Uncle Leslie ’ proving the star attraction .
sixty eight children enjoyed this [purpose] with ‘ uncle leslie ’ proving the star attraction .

It is anticipated that there will be a sell out for this function .
it is anticipated that there will be a sell out for this [purpose] .

Due to lack of response this function was cancelled .
due to lack of response this [purpose] was cancelled .

It was agreed that the proceeds from this function should be given to charity — in this case Romania .
it was agreed that the proceeds from this [purpose] should be given to charity — in this case romania .

Through circumstances which developed during the sale of tickets for this function the numbers attending were smaller than usual .
through circumstances which developed during the sale of tickets for this [purpose] the numbers attending were smaller than usual .

Although the number attending was disappointing the function was a success .
although the number attending was disappointing the [purpose] was a success .

Many adults would be required to assist in the conduct of this function .
many adults would be required to assist in the conduct of this [purpose] .

The number attending was smaller than usual but it was , nevertheless , a most enjoyable and successful function .
the number attending was smaller than usual but it was , nevertheless , a most enjoyable and successful [purpose] .

3 Language as a means of communication . In the context of this course , it will be useful to examine the application of the study of communication to the function of public relations , so the final three sections will focus on :
3 language as a means of communication . in the context of this course , it will be useful to examine the application of the study of communication to the [purpose] of public relations , so the final three sections will focus on :

Is the activity an occupation or function actively pursued with reasonable or recognisable continuity ?
is the activity an occupation or [purpose] actively pursued with reasonable or recognisable continuity ?

They can only function in their legendary way : as teachers of magic .
they can only [purpose] in their legendary way : as teachers of magic .

He had n't much longer before he ceased to function .
he had n't much longer before he ceased to [purpose] .

He started to realize that he was experiencing sensations from parts of his body which he had thought had ceased to function .
he started to realize that he was experiencing sensations from parts of his body which he had thought had ceased to [purpose] .

‘ Oh , they still function and still live in the married quarters with their families .
‘ oh , they still [purpose] and still live in the married quarters with their families .

The activities of this Institute cover the broad central ground of biology within the Division of Biological Sciences : how the cellular and other components of a single organism develop and function together and evolve .
the activities of this institute cover the broad central ground of biology within the division of biological sciences : how the cellular and other components of a single organism develop and [purpose] together and evolve .

Some areas covered are : biochemical studies into protein-lipid interactions in biological membranes ; the nature of cytochrome c ; electrophysiology of striate cortex ; electrophysiology of fertilisation ; electrophysiology and pharmacology of antiparasitic agents ; neuropeptide function in the spinal cord ; pain and analgesia in animals ; physiology of the enteric nervous system ; sensory and reflex mechanisms in the sheep vomero-nasal apparatus ; central mechanisms of duodenal-gastric control in sheep ; structure and function of equine and porcine hoof horn ; the anatomy and physiology of the foetus and neonate ; combined structural and functional studies in the mammalian spinal cord ; histochemistry and physiology of neurones in trigeminal and spinal ganglia .
some areas covered are : biochemical studies into protein-lipid interactions in biological membranes ; the nature of cytochrome c ; electrophysiology of striate cortex ; electrophysiology of fertilisation ; electrophysiology and pharmacology of antiparasitic agents ; neuropeptide [purpose] in the spinal cord ; pain and analgesia in animals ; physiology of the enteric nervous system ; sensory and reflex mechanisms in the sheep vomero-nasal apparatus ; central mechanisms of duodenal-gastric control in sheep ; structure and [purpose] of equine and porcine hoof horn ; the anatomy and physiology of the foetus and neonate ; combined structural and functional studies in the mammalian spinal cord ; histochemistry and physiology of neurones in trigeminal and spinal ganglia .

The course combines instruction in the function , management and funding of taxonomic collections and institutes .
the course combines instruction in the [purpose] , management and funding of taxonomic collections and institutes .

The ozone molecules are very thinly spread within this area but their fragile existence nevertheless serves a vital function to life .
the ozone molecules are very thinly spread within this area but their fragile existence nevertheless serves a vital [purpose] to life .

The problem was how to protect that function ‘ compatibly with meeting the educational needs of the population ’ .
the problem was how to protect that [purpose] ‘ compatibly with meeting the educational needs of the population ’ .

The wider function of a higher education , which Weaver defined as education for ‘ capability , creativity or communion ’ was incompatible with the organization of the universities .
the wider [purpose] of a higher education , which weaver defined as education for ‘ capability , creativity or communion ’ was incompatible with the organization of the universities .

Like just about everything , they had a history and , like most other phenomena based on biological processes — for the ego and superego , although purely psychological agencies , nevertheless require a brain in which to function — evolved over an extended period of time .
like just about everything , they had a history and , like most other phenomena based on biological processes — for the ego and superego , although purely psychological agencies , nevertheless require a brain in which to [purpose] — evolved over an extended period of time .

If the primary function of repression is to prevent the return of the repressed , it clearly follows that any theory which describes that repressed material runs the risk of being confused with it and coming under attack just as the original repressed elements would do if they attempted to struggle back into consciousness .
if the primary [purpose] of repression is to prevent the return of the repressed , it clearly follows that any theory which describes that repressed material runs the risk of being confused with it and coming under attack just as the original repressed elements would do if they attempted to struggle back into consciousness .

The researches of Theodor Reik and myself have established that in the original hunting societies initiation ritual and religious rites in general fulfilled this function .
the researches of theodor reik and myself have established that in the original hunting societies initiation ritual and religious rites in general fulfilled this [purpose] .

Echoing another observation by Freud , the authors of the recent study note that ‘ The superego in its function as a pilot seems to utilize internalized verbal prohibitions ’ , and point out that the efficacy of verbal regulation seems to be linked to the time-table of brain growth , and in particular to the maturation of the frontal lobes , themselves one of the major cerebral acquisitions produced by the process of neoteny in man : ‘ The frontal lobe comprises about one third of the hemispheric surface ; it includes the primary motor areas , the premotor areas , and frontal eye fields .
echoing another observation by freud , the authors of the recent study note that ‘ the superego in its [purpose] as a pilot seems to utilize internalized verbal prohibitions ’ , and point out that the efficacy of verbal regulation seems to be linked to the time-table of brain growth , and in particular to the maturation of the frontal lobes , themselves one of the major cerebral acquisitions produced by the process of neoteny in man : ‘ the frontal lobe comprises about one third of the hemispheric surface ; it includes the primary motor areas , the premotor areas , and frontal eye fields .

The image of the real parents contrasts more and more with the early infantile one , and this contrast includes others who become part of the superego , teachers and other authority figures … today we have the following problem : the inhibiting , controlling , and guiding function of the superego , which largely merges with the ego , is weakened through the weakness of the parents , through indulgent education which fails to train the ego , and through the general social climate of permissiveness .
the image of the real parents contrasts more and more with the early infantile one , and this contrast includes others who become part of the superego , teachers and other authority figures … today we have the following problem : the inhibiting , controlling , and guiding [purpose] of the superego , which largely merges with the ego , is weakened through the weakness of the parents , through indulgent education which fails to train the ego , and through the general social climate of permissiveness .

The protecting and controlling function of the superego could be left to the influence of the surrounding society .
the protecting and controlling [purpose] of the superego could be left to the influence of the surrounding society .

It was argued earlier that man , a creature with unprepossessing qualities for higher social development , became capable of that development because of traumatic social changes which occurred in the past but whose impact was so immense that they have shaped human nature down to the present and have been the determining influences on the evolution of culture , whose function , by and large , is the transmission of the consequences of these primal , traumatic experiences to subsequent generations in the form of ego , and , most especially , superego , development .
it was argued earlier that man , a creature with unprepossessing qualities for higher social development , became capable of that development because of traumatic social changes which occurred in the past but whose impact was so immense that they have shaped human nature down to the present and have been the determining influences on the evolution of culture , whose [purpose] , by and large , is the transmission of the consequences of these primal , traumatic experiences to subsequent generations in the form of ego , and , most especially , superego , development .

By contrast to weaning , which represents the loss of a love-object ( the breast ) and which produces a characteristic culturally valued response ( mastery of the ability to postpone oral gratification in the interests of agriculture ) , toilet-training represents a more-or-less voluntary submission to an educative influence and a partial redirection against the self of the sadistic drive which is associated with the anal function .
by contrast to weaning , which represents the loss of a love-object ( the breast ) and which produces a characteristic culturally valued response ( mastery of the ability to postpone oral gratification in the interests of agriculture ) , toilet-training represents a more-or-less voluntary submission to an educative influence and a partial redirection against the self of the sadistic drive which is associated with the anal [purpose] .

Despite his remark that ‘ The superego seems to have made a one-sided choice and to have picked out only the parents ’ strictness and severity , their prohibiting and punitive function , whereas their loving care seems not to have been taken over and maintained , ’ he states elsewhere that ‘ The superego fulfils the same function of protecting and saving that was fulfilled in earlier days by the father .
despite his remark that ‘ the superego seems to have made a one-sided choice and to have picked out only the parents ’ strictness and severity , their prohibiting and punitive [purpose] , whereas their loving care seems not to have been taken over and maintained , ’ he states elsewhere that ‘ the superego fulfils the same [purpose] of protecting and saving that was fulfilled in earlier days by the father .

Christian Doctrine concentrates on a critical and constructive study of such central beliefs of the Christian Religion as those which concern creation , the person , mission and function of Jesus , the triune being of God , Scripture , Church , Ministry and Sacraments , the nature of faith , revelation and prayer , the Christian understanding of salvation .
christian doctrine concentrates on a critical and constructive study of such central beliefs of the christian religion as those which concern creation , the person , mission and [purpose] of jesus , the triune being of god , scripture , church , ministry and sacraments , the nature of faith , revelation and prayer , the christian understanding of salvation .

This involves studying the structure and function of macromolecules such as proteins , nucleic acids and carbohydrates , as well as experiments on the properties of biological systems varying in complexity from cell extracts to whole organisms .
this involves studying the structure and [purpose] of macromolecules such as proteins , nucleic acids and carbohydrates , as well as experiments on the properties of biological systems varying in complexity from cell extracts to whole organisms .

Much is being discovered about the nature of bacteria and viruses , and the physiology of cells , leading to a better understanding of the control of host cell function and to development of more effective chemotherapy .
much is being discovered about the nature of bacteria and viruses , and the physiology of cells , leading to a better understanding of the control of host cell [purpose] and to development of more effective chemotherapy .

Parts of the course have much in common with medical science ; thus veterinary graduates specialising in anatomy , biochemistry or physiology can contribute to a general understanding of the structure and function of the living body ; veterinary pathology can help to increase our knowledge of cancer , heart disease and other syndromes common to a variety of species .
parts of the course have much in common with medical science ; thus veterinary graduates specialising in anatomy , biochemistry or physiology can contribute to a general understanding of the structure and [purpose] of the living body ; veterinary pathology can help to increase our knowledge of cancer , heart disease and other syndromes common to a variety of species .

Everything was set , poised , waiting to function at the speed of light .
everything was set , poised , waiting to [purpose] at the speed of light .

Other parts of the bureaucracy will be engaged in the state 's function of reproducing the relations of production through coercive , ideological and juridical means ( such as the enforcement of private property rights , and freedom of contract ) .
other parts of the bureaucracy will be engaged in the state 's [purpose] of reproducing the relations of production through coercive , ideological and juridical means ( such as the enforcement of private property rights , and freedom of contract ) .

The second function is legitimization which involves expenditure by the state on social expenses , or projects and services required to maintain social harmony ( e.g .
the second [purpose] is legitimization which involves expenditure by the state on social expenses , or projects and services required to maintain social harmony ( e.g .

Class origins are less important than the objective function of serving the interests of the ruling class .
class origins are less important than the objective [purpose] of serving the interests of the ruling class .

Its political function was as much the repression of the rural and urban masses as feudal vassalage had been , but in addition it had to act to protect the land-owning aristocracy against the growing power of the bourgeousie which was based on the technical and commercial advances underlying pre-industrial manufacturing .
its political [purpose] was as much the repression of the rural and urban masses as feudal vassalage had been , but in addition it had to act to protect the land-owning aristocracy against the growing power of the bourgeousie which was based on the technical and commercial advances underlying pre-industrial manufacturing .

This really means there can be no possibility of conflict between the bureaucracy and other parts of the state apparatus which will equally function under the direction of the hegemonic class .
this really means there can be no possibility of conflict between the bureaucracy and other parts of the state apparatus which will equally [purpose] under the direction of the hegemonic class .

Lenin 's confidence that the soviets would provide the country with a revolutionary form of government that could function without bureaucracy was proved ill-founded almost as soon as they began their work . The Russian historian Medvedev described the process :
lenin 's confidence that the soviets would provide the country with a revolutionary form of government that could [purpose] without bureaucracy was proved ill-founded almost as soon as they began their work . the russian historian medvedev described the process :

Indeed , the history of capitalist and socialist societies alike in the twentieth century has shown that bureaucratic power is a function not just of the weaknesses of parliaments and other representative institutions ( including soviets ) but of the structural requirements of class domination .
indeed , the history of capitalist and socialist societies alike in the twentieth century has shown that bureaucratic power is a [purpose] not just of the weaknesses of parliaments and other representative institutions ( including soviets ) but of the structural requirements of class domination .

For the institutions of liberal democracy to function as intended , namely according to the principles and practices of representative and responsible government , they need to be supported by the appropriate relations of capitalist production .
for the institutions of liberal democracy to [purpose] as intended , namely according to the principles and practices of representative and responsible government , they need to be supported by the appropriate relations of capitalist production .

It may take the form of skills on which employers depend ; commitments to craft principles which support group autonomy ; a strategic function in the production process ; or professional solidarity supported by peer-group values .
it may take the form of skills on which employers depend ; commitments to craft principles which support group autonomy ; a strategic [purpose] in the production process ; or professional solidarity supported by peer-group values .

The preferences of the sponsor are represented by a ‘ budget-output ’ function , any point on which represents the maximum budget the sponsor is willing to grant the bureau for a specified level of service .
the preferences of the sponsor are represented by a ‘ budget-output ’ [purpose] , any point on which represents the maximum budget the sponsor is willing to grant the bureau for a specified level of service .

All form part of the bureaucrat 's utility function and all can be regarded a ‘ positive montonic function ’ of the total budget of the bureau ( Niskanen 1968 , pp .
all form part of the bureaucrat 's utility [purpose] and all can be regarded a ‘ positive montonic [purpose] ’ of the total budget of the bureau ( niskanen 1968 , pp .

Similarly , Jackson , reminding us of the different varieties of bureaucrat identified by Downs ( 1967 ) , questions the assumption that everything contributing to a bureaucrat 's utility function can be represented by the bureau 's budget .
similarly , jackson , reminding us of the different varieties of bureaucrat identified by downs ( 1967 ) , questions the assumption that everything contributing to a bureaucrat 's utility [purpose] can be represented by the bureau 's budget .

Breton and Wintrobe conclude that ‘ one can not build a generally applicable theory of bureaucracy on a specific objective function ’ .
breton and wintrobe conclude that ‘ one can not build a generally applicable theory of bureaucracy on a specific objective [purpose] ’ .

McGuire adds another important qualification : that the sponsors of bureaus at state and municipal levels may be more informed as to the production function of their agencies than the national legislature .
mcguire adds another important qualification : that the sponsors of bureaus at state and municipal levels may be more informed as to the production [purpose] of their agencies than the national legislature .

Rule of Life No. 77 : if you should ever have to attend an inquest or similar official/judicial function : make sure you do n't have a hangover .
rule of life no. 77 : if you should ever have to attend an inquest or similar official/judicial [purpose] : make sure you do n't have a hangover .

Despite Fieldhouse 's erudite attempt to consign the concept to the dustbin of history , most observers agree that it is both sufficiently homogeneous in function and consistent in character to be useful .
despite fieldhouse 's erudite attempt to consign the concept to the dustbin of history , most observers agree that it is both sufficiently homogeneous in [purpose] and consistent in character to be useful .

While TNCs are certainly to be found in a wide variety of economic sectors they share the same basic function of capital accumulation on a global scale , and the same consistent character of having to work out global strategies to ensure their continued growth .
while tncs are certainly to be found in a wide variety of economic sectors they share the same basic [purpose] of capital accumulation on a global scale , and the same consistent character of having to work out global strategies to ensure their continued growth .

The specific function of the agents of transnational political practices is to create and sustain the organizational forms within which this penetration takes place and to connect them organically with those domestic practices that can be incorporated and mobilized in the interests of the global capitalist system .
the specific [purpose] of the agents of transnational political practices is to create and sustain the organizational forms within which this penetration takes place and to connect them organically with those domestic practices that can be incorporated and mobilized in the interests of the global capitalist system .

Antonio Gramsci , who spent most of his adult life in one of Mussolini 's prisons , elaborated on Marx 's insight that the ruling ideas of an epoch are the ideas of its ruling class , to create a theory of hegemony and a theory of classes of intellectuals whose function it is in any literate society to propagate or to challenge these leading ideas .
antonio gramsci , who spent most of his adult life in one of mussolini 's prisons , elaborated on marx 's insight that the ruling ideas of an epoch are the ideas of its ruling class , to create a theory of hegemony and a theory of classes of intellectuals whose [purpose] it is in any literate society to propagate or to challenge these leading ideas .

His underlying hypothesis is that ‘ in the vast majority of countries where forced divestment is used selectively its being chosen vis-a-vis alternate regulatory or administrative policies is , inter alia , a function of firm and industry-specific characteristics ’ ( Kobrin , 1980 , p.69 ) .
his underlying hypothesis is that ‘ in the vast majority of countries where forced divestment is used selectively its being chosen vis-a-vis alternate regulatory or administrative policies is , inter alia , a [purpose] of firm and industry-specific characteristics ’ ( kobrin , 1980 , p.69 ) .

For 24 hours all abstained from drugs that could interfere with oesophagogastric function .
for 24 hours all abstained from drugs that could interfere with oesophagogastric [purpose] .

Heartburn or acid regurgitation were reported only when the oesophageal pH was less than four — that is , the symptom index was always 100 % and was independent of endoscopic changes in the oesophageal mucosa and oesophageal function .
heartburn or acid regurgitation were reported only when the oesophageal ph was less than four — that is , the symptom index was always 100 % and was independent of endoscopic changes in the oesophageal mucosa and oesophageal [purpose] .

Comparisons of proportions were made by χ 2 ( with Yates 's correction for small numbers ) or Fisher 's exact tests , and Wilcoxon 's rank sum tests were used to examine differences in continuous variables such as age , follow up , and function .
comparisons of proportions were made by χ 2 ( with yates 's correction for small numbers ) or fisher 's exact tests , and wilcoxon 's rank sum tests were used to examine differences in continuous variables such as age , follow up , and [purpose] .

Despite a relatively shortterm median follow up ( 5.7 years ) only three of 10 patients ( 30 % ) with definite Crohn 's colitis have so far had their pouch excised , admittedly all were for fistulas , while the remaining seven have satisfactory function despite episodes of recurrent pouchitis in three .
despite a relatively shortterm median follow up ( 5.7 years ) only three of 10 patients ( 30 % ) with definite crohn 's colitis have so far had their pouch excised , admittedly all were for fistulas , while the remaining seven have satisfactory [purpose] despite episodes of recurrent pouchitis in three .

There was no significant increased complication rate or disturbed pouch function in those with indeterminate colitis .
there was no significant increased complication rate or disturbed pouch [purpose] in those with indeterminate colitis .

It has not be concluded , however , which of the two factors dominantly affects the bowel motor function , and the relation between motility disorders and chemical types of amyloid has not been examined .
it has not be concluded , however , which of the two factors dominantly affects the bowel motor [purpose] , and the relation between motility disorders and chemical types of amyloid has not been examined .

Latent pulmonary abnormalities , disclosed by pulmonary function tests and bronchoalveolar lavage , have been found in patients with Crohn 's disease .
latent pulmonary abnormalities , disclosed by pulmonary [purpose] tests and bronchoalveolar lavage , have been found in patients with crohn 's disease .

Pulmonary involvement in Crohn 's disease is rare , although some studies suggest that patients with Crohn 's disease may have abnormal lung function in the absence of symptoms .
pulmonary involvement in crohn 's disease is rare , although some studies suggest that patients with crohn 's disease may have abnormal lung [purpose] in the absence of symptoms .

The dose-effect relationship was confirmed by discriminant function analysis of the morphometric variables , which showed that the pretreatment group , the 100 mg/day challenge group , and the 500 mg/day challenge group were correctly classified in 90 % of cases by functions including the individual intraepithelial lymphocyte count and villous height/crypt depth ratio ( Fig 5 ) .
the dose-effect relationship was confirmed by discriminant [purpose] analysis of the morphometric variables , which showed that the pretreatment group , the 100 mg/day challenge group , and the 500 mg/day challenge group were correctly classified in 90 % of cases by functions including the individual intraepithelial lymphocyte count and villous height/crypt depth ratio ( fig 5 ) .

Now we have evidence from two prospective randomised studies in which surgical excision followed by radiotherapy was compared with radiotherapy alone in similar groups of steroid-treated patients with a single histologically identified brain metastasis , reasonable neurological function , and a life-expectancy greater than 6 months .
now we have evidence from two prospective randomised studies in which surgical excision followed by radiotherapy was compared with radiotherapy alone in similar groups of steroid-treated patients with a single histologically identified brain metastasis , reasonable neurological [purpose] , and a life-expectancy greater than 6 months .

We all recognise that emotion affects gut function .
we all recognise that emotion affects gut [purpose] .

40 years ago Almy showed that stress could alter gut function but that these changes were not specific to the stress .
40 years ago almy showed that stress could alter gut [purpose] but that these changes were not specific to the stress .

Because the two agents have independent inhibitory effects on platelet function and the coagulation cascade , it has been argued that both should be used .
because the two agents have independent inhibitory effects on platelet [purpose] and the coagulation cascade , it has been argued that both should be used .

Evidence for aspirin as sole adjunctivetherapy to thrombolysis Aspirin , if given in oral or intravenous doses of at least 2 mg/kg ( 162.5 mg in a typical man ) , produces a rapid clinical antithrombotic effect due to immediate and near-total inhibition of thromboxane function and platelet aggregation .
evidence for aspirin as sole adjunctivetherapy to thrombolysis aspirin , if given in oral or intravenous doses of at least 2 mg/kg ( 162.5 mg in a typical man ) , produces a rapid clinical antithrombotic effect due to immediate and near-total inhibition of thromboxane [purpose] and platelet aggregation .

Thus , this trial shows that 24 h after tPA infusion , an adequate antiplatelet regimen is at least as effective as intravenous heparin in maintaining vessel patency , preserving left-ventricular function , and preventing reocclusion .
thus , this trial shows that 24 h after tpa infusion , an adequate antiplatelet regimen is at least as effective as intravenous heparin in maintaining vessel patency , preserving left-ventricular [purpose] , and preventing reocclusion .

During the second phase , in the 1960s , early surgery for the spinal lesion of spina bifida provided the best chance of preserving neuromuscular function .
during the second phase , in the 1960s , early surgery for the spinal lesion of spina bifida provided the best chance of preserving neuromuscular [purpose] .

In this prospective study , we describe our unique experience in the selection and management of 113 patients treated by percutaneous cholecystolithotomy and assess early outcome with regard to symptoms , stone recurrence and gall bladder function .
in this prospective study , we describe our unique experience in the selection and management of 113 patients treated by percutaneous cholecystolithotomy and assess early outcome with regard to symptoms , stone recurrence and gall bladder [purpose] .

There has been no gall bladder stone recurrence and function has returned to two of the five , possibly because of spontaneous passage of the cystic duct stone .
there has been no gall bladder stone recurrence and [purpose] has returned to two of the five , possibly because of spontaneous passage of the cystic duct stone .

Anorectal function in patients with complete supraconal spinal cord lesions
anorectal [purpose] in patients with complete supraconal spinal cord lesions

One of the most distressing aspects of spinal injury is an inability to regulate bowel function .
one of the most distressing aspects of spinal injury is an inability to regulate bowel [purpose] .

This study aimed to use the same methods to examine anorectal function in 23 patients with complete supraconal spinal cord lesions and to determinate the relationship between the site of the lesion and the existence of inconsistent phenomena .
this study aimed to use the same methods to examine anorectal [purpose] in 23 patients with complete supraconal spinal cord lesions and to determinate the relationship between the site of the lesion and the existence of inconsistent phenomena .

The ability of the technique to simultaneously assess morphology and function , makes it an ideal medium for investigation of the physiology of the human gastrointestinal tract .
the ability of the technique to simultaneously assess morphology and [purpose] , makes it an ideal medium for investigation of the physiology of the human gastrointestinal tract .

The ability to visualise the stomach in the fed state may help to increase our knowledge of gastric function , especially in tracing the passage of gastric chyme during the initial stages of digestion .
the ability to visualise the stomach in the fed state may help to increase our knowledge of gastric [purpose] , especially in tracing the passage of gastric chyme during the initial stages of digestion .

Refinements of surgical technique eventually culminated in the selective shunt procedures developed by Warren et al which were designed to decompress the gastro-oesophageal varices while preserving portal blood flow and liver function .
refinements of surgical technique eventually culminated in the selective shunt procedures developed by warren et al which were designed to decompress the gastro-oesophageal varices while preserving portal blood flow and liver [purpose] .

The King 's College Hospital series showed mortality rates of 10 % for portosystemic shunt therapy and 40 % for emergency devascularisation procedures , but these treatment groups were selected on the basis of portal anatomy and liver function status and were not therefore comparable .
the king 's college hospital series showed mortality rates of 10 % for portosystemic shunt therapy and 40 % for emergency devascularisation procedures , but these treatment groups were selected on the basis of portal anatomy and liver [purpose] status and were not therefore comparable .

The authors concluded that patients with good liver function usually progress well after appropriate shunt surgery whereas those with advanced disease will need transplantation .
the authors concluded that patients with good liver [purpose] usually progress well after appropriate shunt surgery whereas those with advanced disease will need transplantation .

Resuture of the stoma edge will be followed inevitably by recurrent bleeding and we have found that the therapeutic options are either a portosystemic shunt , if liver function is well preserved , or transplantation .
resuture of the stoma edge will be followed inevitably by recurrent bleeding and we have found that the therapeutic options are either a portosystemic shunt , if liver [purpose] is well preserved , or transplantation .

The effects of blood loss on liver function can lead to an unduly pessimistic assessment of liver status .
the effects of blood loss on liver [purpose] can lead to an unduly pessimistic assessment of liver status .

Repeat sclerotherapy may be effective for small oesophageal varices while liver transplantation may be indicated in the patient with deteriorating liver function .
repeat sclerotherapy may be effective for small oesophageal varices while liver transplantation may be indicated in the patient with deteriorating liver [purpose] .

Gastric mucosal phospholipids , and in particular those of the surface layer , play an important role in mucosal barrier function .
gastric mucosal phospholipids , and in particular those of the surface layer , play an important role in mucosal barrier [purpose] .

This function is helped by mucous and bicarbonate secretion , epithelial cell turnover , and mucosal vasculature : a complex and dynamic defence system known as the ‘ gastric mucosal barrier ’ .
this [purpose] is helped by mucous and bicarbonate secretion , epithelial cell turnover , and mucosal vasculature : a complex and dynamic defence system known as the ‘ gastric mucosal barrier ’ .

The liver function continued to improve .
the liver [purpose] continued to improve .

As oral amiodarone had no adverse effect on the liver function in our patient , we suggest that it may have been one of the other constituents of the intravenous solution which was responsible for the hepatotoxicity .
as oral amiodarone had no adverse effect on the liver [purpose] in our patient , we suggest that it may have been one of the other constituents of the intravenous solution which was responsible for the hepatotoxicity .

Until recently most of the attention had been focused on the function of the intestinal mucosal immune system and its secreted products as these are known to have defined regulatory and proinflammatory activities .
until recently most of the attention had been focused on the [purpose] of the intestinal mucosal immune system and its secreted products as these are known to have defined regulatory and proinflammatory activities .

Two of these , serum anticolon antibodies and abnormal neutrophil function , have already been considered .
two of these , serum anticolon antibodies and abnormal neutrophil [purpose] , have already been considered .

Patient 1 was admitted with reaccumulated ascites suggested poor shunt function .
patient 1 was admitted with reaccumulated ascites suggested poor shunt [purpose] .

Liquid stool incontinence with severe urgency : anorectal function and effective biofeedback treatment
liquid stool incontinence with severe urgency : anorectal [purpose] and effective biofeedback treatment

The motor and sensory function of the anorectum is well characterised in patients with solid stool incontinence .
the motor and sensory [purpose] of the anorectum is well characterised in patients with solid stool incontinence .

Anorectal sensorimotor function was studied in 16 patients with liquid stool incontinence and severe urgency ( 10 with diarrhoea ) unresponsive to conventional medical treatment , and in 16 healthy volunteers .
anorectal sensorimotor [purpose] was studied in 16 patients with liquid stool incontinence and severe urgency ( 10 with diarrhoea ) unresponsive to conventional medical treatment , and in 16 healthy volunteers .

Most patients showed a persistent improvement in anal motor function .
most patients showed a persistent improvement in anal motor [purpose] .

Most studies on anorectal function have focused so far on solid stool incontinence , which is probably the worse form .
most studies on anorectal [purpose] have focused so far on solid stool incontinence , which is probably the worse form .

The first session of biofeedback conditioning was associated with an improvement in external anal sphincter function in all subjects .
the first session of biofeedback conditioning was associated with an improvement in external anal sphincter [purpose] in all subjects .

The good responders showed a persistent improvement in external anal sphincter function , while in the poor responders it had reverted to prebiofeedback values .
the good responders showed a persistent improvement in external anal sphincter [purpose] , while in the poor responders it had reverted to prebiofeedback values .

The motor function of the sphincter seemed to be persistently improved in patients regaining continence , but not in poor responders ( 71 % of patients tested after training ) .
the motor [purpose] of the sphincter seemed to be persistently improved in patients regaining continence , but not in poor responders ( 71 % of patients tested after training ) .

Improved sphincter function was often achieved after only one retraining session and was associated with a significant , longlasting clinical benefit in 85 % of patients treated .
improved sphincter [purpose] was often achieved after only one retraining session and was associated with a significant , longlasting clinical benefit in 85 % of patients treated .

It is unclear why some patients apparently lose the improvement in motor function gained during biofeedback sessions .
it is unclear why some patients apparently lose the improvement in motor [purpose] gained during biofeedback sessions .

Bowel function and irritable bowel symptoms after hysterectomy and cholecystectomy — a population based study
bowel [purpose] and irritable bowel symptoms after hysterectomy and cholecystectomy — a population based study

The subjects of this study were 1058 women aged 25–69 who , between October 1987 and March 1989 , attended a survey in East Bristol concerned with gall stones , bowel function , and abdominal symptoms in the general population .
the subjects of this study were 1058 women aged 25–69 who , between october 1987 and march 1989 , attended a survey in east bristol concerned with gall stones , bowel [purpose] , and abdominal symptoms in the general population .

They were the 70.2 % of a stratified random sample of women in this age group who accepted an invitation to have ultrasonography of the gall bladder and to answer questions about bowel function , etc .
they were the 70.2 % of a stratified random sample of women in this age group who accepted an invitation to have ultrasonography of the gall bladder and to answer questions about bowel [purpose] , etc .

Comparisons were made of the following indices of bowel function : stated frequency of defecation per week , mean interval between recorded defecations , a score for stool form , and calculated whole gut transit time .
comparisons were made of the following indices of bowel [purpose] : stated frequency of defecation per week , mean interval between recorded defecations , a score for stool form , and calculated whole gut transit time .

In this population , bowel function and transit time are different in women of childbearing age ( 25–49 ) and older women , with a greater tendency to constipation in the first .
in this population , bowel [purpose] and transit time are different in women of childbearing age ( 25–49 ) and older women , with a greater tendency to constipation in the first .

Therefore , comparisons of bowel function and transit time were made separately in the two age groups .
therefore , comparisons of bowel [purpose] and transit time were made separately in the two age groups .

We suggest , therefore , that there is a real change of colorectal function in women who have had hysterectomy and that there is objective evidence for this in older women .
we suggest , therefore , that there is a real change of colorectal [purpose] in women who have had hysterectomy and that there is objective evidence for this in older women .

Possible explanations for a difference between older and younger women are that the operation has a delayed effect , that the operative technique has changed over the years so that it is less likely to affect bowel function , or that gynaecologists are doing fewer operations on women with pelvic pain of intestinal origin .
possible explanations for a difference between older and younger women are that the operation has a delayed effect , that the operative technique has changed over the years so that it is less likely to affect bowel [purpose] , or that gynaecologists are doing fewer operations on women with pelvic pain of intestinal origin .

If hysterectomy does change bowel function it seems likely from our data that the primary problem is in the act of defecation rather than in colonic function , as there was little or no change in stool form yet half the subjects felt they were prone to constipation and a quarter strained with every recorded defecation .
if hysterectomy does change bowel [purpose] it seems likely from our data that the primary problem is in the act of defecation rather than in colonic [purpose] , as there was little or no change in stool form yet half the subjects felt they were prone to constipation and a quarter strained with every recorded defecation .

Our study indicates that there is no systematic change in colonic function after cholecystectomy .
our study indicates that there is no systematic change in colonic [purpose] after cholecystectomy .

Some of the authors reporting this , however , have compared laminin concentrations in non-homogeneous liver diseases of different severity , and none has evaluated liver function simultaneously .
some of the authors reporting this , however , have compared laminin concentrations in non-homogeneous liver diseases of different severity , and none has evaluated liver [purpose] simultaneously .

There was also a significant association with clinical signs of severe liver dysfunction and with laboratory variables that reflect impaired liver function , such as bilirubin and glycochoic acid concentrations and hypoalbuminaemia .
there was also a significant association with clinical signs of severe liver dysfunction and with laboratory variables that reflect impaired liver [purpose] , such as bilirubin and glycochoic acid concentrations and hypoalbuminaemia .

Probably the relation found by some authors with portal hypertension is an indirect one , and could be explaiend by the higher rate and degree of portal hypertension in patients with the most advanced liver disease who also have an impaired liver function .
probably the relation found by some authors with portal hypertension is an indirect one , and could be explaiend by the higher rate and degree of portal hypertension in patients with the most advanced liver disease who also have an impaired liver [purpose] .

The patient was managed conservatively with regular monitoring of renal function and of pseudocyst size .
the patient was managed conservatively with regular monitoring of renal [purpose] and of pseudocyst size .

Laser treatment was considered to be successful if symptoms caused by intraluminal tumour were reduced to an extent that enabled the patient to lead a lifestule appropriate to his or her age and general condition without constant concern for bowel function .
laser treatment was considered to be successful if symptoms caused by intraluminal tumour were reduced to an extent that enabled the patient to lead a lifestule appropriate to his or her age and general condition without constant concern for bowel [purpose] .

Negotiating Skills — an intensive two-day residential seminar for executives irrespective of seniority or function — to explore and develop the skills of successful negotiation .
negotiating skills — an intensive two-day residential seminar for executives irrespective of seniority or [purpose] — to explore and develop the skills of successful negotiation .

All patients had normal cognitive function ( Mini-mental State Questionnaire Score of at least 24/30 ) .
all patients had normal cognitive [purpose] ( mini-mental state questionnaire score of at least 24/30 ) .

Exposure and outcome must be distinguished : a graphic should display variation in outcome as a function of exposure , and not the other way around .
exposure and outcome must be distinguished : a graphic should display variation in outcome as a [purpose] of exposure , and not the other way around .

Rupture of atheromatous plaque leads to occlusive thrombosis that produces myocardial ischaemia and cell death leading to loss of ventricular function and possibly death .
rupture of atheromatous plaque leads to occlusive thrombosis that produces myocardial ischaemia and cell death leading to loss of ventricular [purpose] and possibly death .

The hypothesis underlying thrombolytic therapy in acute myocardial infarction is that early and sustained recanalisation prevents cell death , reduces infarct size , preserves myocardial function , and reduces early and late mortality .
the hypothesis underlying thrombolytic therapy in acute myocardial infarction is that early and sustained recanalisation prevents cell death , reduces infarct size , preserves myocardial [purpose] , and reduces early and late mortality .

‘ What is needed ’ he said ‘ is to reassure men that such a procedure does not affect sexual function .
‘ what is needed ’ he said ‘ is to reassure men that such a procedure does not affect sexual [purpose] .

The estimated response function , y=0.32436–0.11110 x , showed b 1 =0.01110 with the t test ( p < 0.005 ) , indicating that a relation exists between the occurrence of events and a decrease in tPA values .
the estimated response [purpose] , y=0.32436–0.11110 x , showed b 1 =0.01110 with the t test ( p < 0.005 ) , indicating that a relation exists between the occurrence of events and a decrease in tpa values .

In such cases the cost per unit of material will not solely depend upon the activity but also on the amount of goods purchased and therefore the variable costs will not behave in a linear fashion and will tend to reflect a curvilinear function .
in such cases the cost per unit of material will not solely depend upon the activity but also on the amount of goods purchased and therefore the variable costs will not behave in a linear fashion and will tend to reflect a curvilinear [purpose] .

All variable costs are a linear function of output .
all variable costs are a linear [purpose] of output .

Answer guide : In manufacturing organizations it is extremely important that there is co-ordination between the sales and the production function .
answer guide : in manufacturing organizations it is extremely important that there is co-ordination between the sales and the production [purpose] .

To discover the value of measuring carbamylated haemoglobin in assessing rate of deterioration in renal function , we studied new patients with a serum creatinine in excess of 500 mol/L referred to our renal unit .
to discover the value of measuring carbamylated haemoglobin in assessing rate of deterioration in renal [purpose] , we studied new patients with a serum creatinine in excess of 500 mol/l referred to our renal unit .

SERPINs are inhibitors of both platelet function and coagulation .
serpins are inhibitors of both platelet [purpose] and coagulation .

However , once stabilised , all patients should undergo a full cardiac evaluation including assessment of left ventricular function , cardiac haemodynamics , coronary arteriography , and a comprehensive electrophysiology study .
however , once stabilised , all patients should undergo a full cardiac evaluation including assessment of left ventricular [purpose] , cardiac haemodynamics , coronary arteriography , and a comprehensive electrophysiology study .

In patients with well-preserved left ventricular function whose arrhythmia is suppressed by intravenous procainamide , serial drug testing will identify a suppressive regimen in most cases .
in patients with well-preserved left ventricular [purpose] whose arrhythmia is suppressed by intravenous procainamide , serial drug testing will identify a suppressive regimen in most cases .

Those with near-normal left ventricular function and advanced obstructive coronary artery disease in whom reversible ischaemia is believed to be responsible for cardiac arrest can be treated with revascularisation alone .
those with near-normal left ventricular [purpose] and advanced obstructive coronary artery disease in whom reversible ischaemia is believed to be responsible for cardiac arrest can be treated with revascularisation alone .

Social welfare function
social welfare [purpose]

In the so-called ‘ New ’ welfare economics , the use of the social welfare function introduced in section 1–5 seemed to ‘ solve ’ the equity problem and economic analysis was centred on efficiency .
in the so-called ‘ new ’ welfare economics , the use of the social welfare [purpose] introduced in section 1–5 seemed to ‘ solve ’ the equity problem and economic analysis was centred on efficiency .

The source of a social welfare function remains a lasting difficulty .
the source of a social welfare [purpose] remains a lasting difficulty .

The ‘ Rawlsian ’ social welfare function
the ‘ rawlsian ’ social welfare [purpose]

That is , the aggregate level of welfare in society is given by a welfare function whose arguments are the cardinal utility of income functions . Given the above ,
that is , the aggregate level of welfare in society is given by a welfare [purpose] whose arguments are the cardinal utility of income functions . given the above ,

The effect of this index is to reduce all the argument about the appropriate shape of the social welfare function to a question of the size of .
the effect of this index is to reduce all the argument about the appropriate shape of the social welfare [purpose] to a question of the size of .

The analysis of the previous section offered one mechanism whereby individuals would voluntarily redistribute income either in kind or in cash ( see Hochman and Rodgers 1969 ) , the cases being those of the specifically and the generally interdependent utility function respectively .
the analysis of the previous section offered one mechanism whereby individuals would voluntarily redistribute income either in kind or in cash ( see hochman and rodgers 1969 ) , the cases being those of the specifically and the generally interdependent utility [purpose] respectively .

Assuming that each individual has the same utility of income function and ability to gain from the public good , then with different incomes they will have different but the same marginal utility from the ( equally shared ) public good .
assuming that each individual has the same utility of income [purpose] and ability to gain from the public good , then with different incomes they will have different but the same marginal utility from the ( equally shared ) public good .

By a ‘ goods-specific ’ externality , the important argument in the donor 's utility function is not simply the utility of the recipient but also the quantity of a good ( e.g .
by a ‘ goods-specific ’ externality , the important argument in the donor 's utility [purpose] is not simply the utility of the recipient but also the quantity of a good ( e.g .

Introducing autonomous taxes , would leave the multiplier for a change in unaffected , however , because the consumption function would now be
introducing autonomous taxes , would leave the multiplier for a change in unaffected , however , because the consumption [purpose] would now be

With the complication of an open economy , this appealing result is lost . Using the tax function introduced above , the multiplier for a change in government expenditure becomes and for a change in autonomous taxation it is
with the complication of an open economy , this appealing result is lost . using the tax [purpose] introduced above , the multiplier for a change in government expenditure becomes and for a change in autonomous taxation it is

To elaborate the analysis further and make it richer , it is conventional to replace the exogenous investment function with where is the rate of interest and a coefficient indicating the extent to which a higher rate of interest will reduce the planned level of investment in the economy .
to elaborate the analysis further and make it richer , it is conventional to replace the exogenous investment [purpose] with where is the rate of interest and a coefficient indicating the extent to which a higher rate of interest will reduce the planned level of investment in the economy .

The approach can be illustrated with reference to a demand-for-money function that has two arguments .
the approach can be illustrated with reference to a demand-for-money [purpose] that has two arguments .

10–2 ( a ) illustrates this demand function for two income levels and , where .
10–2 ( a ) illustrates this demand [purpose] for two income levels and , where .

The demand for labour is its marginal product ( derived from the aggregate production function in part ( b ) ) .
the demand for labour is its marginal product ( derived from the aggregate production [purpose] in part ( b ) ) .

Recalling the money demand function enables a simplified account of his position .
recalling the money demand [purpose] enables a simplified account of his position .

If the demand for real balances function is rewritten in the following specific form where is nominal money demand and the price level then , taking natural logs and introducing a time subscript ,
if the demand for real balances [purpose] is rewritten in the following specific form where is nominal money demand and the price level then , taking natural logs and introducing a time subscript ,

The main novel feature exploited is a two-level test of political business cycles with a popularity function and a policy function .
the main novel feature exploited is a two-level test of political business cycles with a popularity [purpose] and a policy [purpose] .

The first function connects economic conditions-unemployment , inflation and the rate of economic growth-to the incumbent 's party political popularity and hence his or her chances of winning the next election .
the first [purpose] connects economic conditions-unemployment , inflation and the rate of economic growth-to the incumbent 's party political popularity and hence his or her chances of winning the next election .

It is the policy function that embodies the strategic and responsive government positions .
it is the policy [purpose] that embodies the strategic and responsive government positions .

In an attempt to estimate these welfare losses , Bradford and Oates ( 1974 ) estimated a multiplicative demand function ( for local school expenditures ) .
in an attempt to estimate these welfare losses , bradford and oates ( 1974 ) estimated a multiplicative demand [purpose] ( for local school expenditures ) .

By contrast , there is more widespread agreement that the macroeconomic stabilization function will be better performed by central government than by local governments .
by contrast , there is more widespread agreement that the macroeconomic stabilization [purpose] will be better performed by central government than by local governments .

Yet it has already been argued that the marginal costs of the good will be a function of the number of people in the community , and therefore , relate to different numbers ( e.g .
yet it has already been argued that the marginal costs of the good will be a [purpose] of the number of people in the community , and therefore , relate to different numbers ( e.g .

In keeping with this , the analysis utilizes the assumption that a local authority maximizes a utility function , in exactly the same way as would an individual in neoclassical microeconomic theory .
in keeping with this , the analysis utilizes the assumption that a local authority maximizes a utility [purpose] , in exactly the same way as would an individual in neoclassical microeconomic theory .

However , it is worth noting that , as long as taxes in each locality are a declining function of the number of districts , as for example with equal shares , the optimum size of project for each locality increases with the number of districts , other things equal .
however , it is worth noting that , as long as taxes in each locality are a declining [purpose] of the number of districts , as for example with equal shares , the optimum size of project for each locality increases with the number of districts , other things equal .

If the function of a new module is similar , but not identical to , an existing module , then a name should be chosen which identifies the difference .
if the [purpose] of a new module is similar , but not identical to , an existing module , then a name should be chosen which identifies the difference .

In the case where the description is very long , it is recommended that there should be a brief summary of the function of the module in the first 20 lines .
in the case where the description is very long , it is recommended that there should be a brief summary of the [purpose] of the module in the first 20 lines .

The indication that the package will be issued as a product serves a useful function for Quality Assurance , as more stringent quality checks can be performed if it is known that the package is intended for issue .
the indication that the package will be issued as a product serves a useful [purpose] for quality assurance , as more stringent quality checks can be performed if it is known that the package is intended for issue .

Note that the ‘ Production Control Support ’ function avoids any commitment to the specialised mechanics of software creation , editing , compiling and testing .
note that the ‘ production control support ’ [purpose] avoids any commitment to the specialised mechanics of software creation , editing , compiling and testing .

Help can be obtained at any time by pressing the function key reserved for this purpose .
help can be obtained at any time by pressing the [purpose] key reserved for this purpose .

If careful attention is paid to the function of modules in relation to the overall structure of the software , as well as to the production method , the number of different combinations that have to be managed can be drastically reduced .
if careful attention is paid to the [purpose] of modules in relation to the overall structure of the software , as well as to the production method , the number of different combinations that have to be managed can be drastically reduced .

LIFESPAN-to-LIFESPAN messages Usually messages indicating that some requested function has been completed .
lifespan-to-lifespan messages usually messages indicating that some requested [purpose] has been completed .

Help can be obtained at any point during an interactive session by pressing the function key reserved for this purpose .
help can be obtained at any point during an interactive session by pressing the [purpose] key reserved for this purpose .

Sections 2 and 3 define the function of the Offline system and give detailed information about setting up offline types , units and items and how to perform an Offline run .
sections 2 and 3 define the [purpose] of the offline system and give detailed information about setting up offline types , units and items and how to perform an offline run .

Section 6 describes the function of the Validation facilities
section 6 describes the [purpose] of the validation facilities

The indication that the package will be issued as a product serves a useful function for Quality Assurance , as more stringent quality checks can be performed if it is known that the package is intended for issue .
the indication that the package will be issued as a product serves a useful [purpose] for quality assurance , as more stringent quality checks can be performed if it is known that the package is intended for issue .

If by any chance , you have still not encountered the fax machine , then its basic function is easily described : the fax transceiver plugs into a standard telephone socket , scans the document fed into it and then transmits the result electronically to a similar machine at the other end of the line where a facsimile document is printed out .
if by any chance , you have still not encountered the fax machine , then its basic [purpose] is easily described : the fax transceiver plugs into a standard telephone socket , scans the document fed into it and then transmits the result electronically to a similar machine at the other end of the line where a facsimile document is printed out .

As a result , a function can be replaced by another , perhaps more efficient version , without changing the rest of the program as long as the external behaviour remains the same .
as a result , a [purpose] can be replaced by another , perhaps more efficient version , without changing the rest of the program as long as the external behaviour remains the same .

When the state of a system is altered , the change in any state function depends only on the initial and final states of the system .
when the state of a system is altered , the change in any state [purpose] depends only on the initial and final states of the system .

Temperature is , as we saw above , a state function .
temperature is , as we saw above , a state [purpose] .

Internal energy is a function of the state of a system .
internal energy is a [purpose] of the state of a system .

It is therefore not a state function .
it is therefore not a state [purpose] .

To predict whether a reaction will occur spontaneously or not it is necessary to introduce another thermodynamic state function called entropy .
to predict whether a reaction will occur spontaneously or not it is necessary to introduce another thermodynamic state [purpose] called entropy .

There is asymmetry of function , however , between the two hemispheres as can be seen by the fact that very few people are truly ambidextrous .
there is asymmetry of [purpose] , however , between the two hemispheres as can be seen by the fact that very few people are truly ambidextrous .

There is asymmetry of function , however , between the two hemispheres as can be seen by the fact that very few people are truly ambiguous .
there is asymmetry of [purpose] , however , between the two hemispheres as can be seen by the fact that very few people are truly ambiguous .

By this proposal , the greater bilateralisation in females may facilitate the needs of females in motherhood including the necessary communication skills , whereas restricted separation of function is necessary to ensure a high level of visuo-spatial skills in males required , for example , in hunting .
by this proposal , the greater bilateralisation in females may facilitate the needs of females in motherhood including the necessary communication skills , whereas restricted separation of [purpose] is necessary to ensure a high level of visuo-spatial skills in males required , for example , in hunting .

Reaction time increases as a function of the amount of information required to be processed in the brain .
reaction time increases as a [purpose] of the amount of information required to be processed in the brain .

It is argued democracy needs to be redefined in function and meaning .
it is argued democracy needs to be redefined in [purpose] and meaning .

Cards are used as the medium which translates the pattern into a mechanical function on the Jacquard loom .
cards are used as the medium which translates the pattern into a mechanical [purpose] on the jacquard loom .

Quality not only of the product but of every aspect of every job function of every service .
quality not only of the product but of every aspect of every job [purpose] of every service .

Each of the remaining public rooms have individual designs to suit their grand style , some being repeated on the second floor where another series of function rooms overlook Edinburgh Castle and Princes Street .
each of the remaining public rooms have individual designs to suit their grand style , some being repeated on the second floor where another series of [purpose] rooms overlook edinburgh castle and princes street .

This new position is part of the Design function and is based at Seker 's Elderslie studio .
this new position is part of the design [purpose] and is based at seker 's elderslie studio .

Budget setting should be delegated to the manager who controls each function or service within an overall framework set by senior management .
budget setting should be delegated to the manager who controls each [purpose] or service within an overall framework set by senior management .

The framework set for the business as a whole should usually consist of two sections Part 1 : general guidelines that apply to all sectors Part 2 : specific guidelines for each function or service within each sector .
the framework set for the business as a whole should usually consist of two sections part 1 : general guidelines that apply to all sectors part 2 : specific guidelines for each [purpose] or service within each sector .

There are two main ways in which genetic engineering can be used in agriculture : ( 1 ) by the introduction of a specific gene or genes into a plant or animal cell so that the performance of that plant or animal is enhanced in a particular way through the new trait which has been added , and ( 2 ) by the introduction of a gene or genes into a bacterial cell which will cause the bacterium and its subsequent generations to perform a useful function , for example , to produce a protein toxic to insects or a specific compound especially valuable to farm animals or to man .
there are two main ways in which genetic engineering can be used in agriculture : ( 1 ) by the introduction of a specific gene or genes into a plant or animal cell so that the performance of that plant or animal is enhanced in a particular way through the new trait which has been added , and ( 2 ) by the introduction of a gene or genes into a bacterial cell which will cause the bacterium and its subsequent generations to perform a useful [purpose] , for example , to produce a protein toxic to insects or a specific compound especially valuable to farm animals or to man .

Another function of the Committee is its responsibility for the overall supervision of the so-called " collections " of pools of biotechnology materials , which are held at a number of research stations , and which make genetic material available to research workers in other institutions .
another [purpose] of the committee is its responsibility for the overall supervision of the so-called " collections " of pools of biotechnology materials , which are held at a number of research stations , and which make genetic material available to research workers in other institutions .

The Playhouse is the ideal venue for your Conference , Exhibition or social function .
the playhouse is the ideal venue for your conference , exhibition or social [purpose] .

The final document stressed the relationship between political pluralism and market economies and committed the 35 member nations to `` endeavour to achieve `` ( i ) free and competitive market economies with prices based on supply and demand ; ( ii ) fiscal and monetary policies which promoted economic growth and enhanced the ability of markets to function efficiently ; ( iii ) policies aimed at expanding the free flow of trade , capital and investment ; and ( iv ) the repatriation of profits in convertible currencies .
the final document stressed the relationship between political pluralism and market economies and committed the 35 member nations to `` endeavour to achieve `` ( i ) free and competitive market economies with prices based on supply and demand ; ( ii ) fiscal and monetary policies which promoted economic growth and enhanced the ability of markets to [purpose] efficiently ; ( iii ) policies aimed at expanding the free flow of trade , capital and investment ; and ( iv ) the repatriation of profits in convertible currencies .

As a consequence of the creation of the new presidency , Gorbachev 's former post of Chairman of the Supreme Soviet was restyled , effectively being restored to the function of parliamentary Speaker ( the post had served this function prior to becoming a de facto executive presidency and occupied by Gorbachev in May 1989 — see pp .
as a consequence of the creation of the new presidency , gorbachev 's former post of chairman of the supreme soviet was restyled , effectively being restored to the [purpose] of parliamentary speaker ( the post had served this [purpose] prior to becoming a de facto executive presidency and occupied by gorbachev in may 1989 — see pp .

The new military authorities in Ciskei immediately declared themselves in favour of reintegration into South Africa ; they also announced that trade unions , banned under Sebe , would be allowed to function .
the new military authorities in ciskei immediately declared themselves in favour of reintegration into south africa ; they also announced that trade unions , banned under sebe , would be allowed to [purpose] .

The function of religious language , ritual and art form is in fact to try to express the inexpressible as a way towards greater awareness .
the [purpose] of religious language , ritual and art form is in fact to try to express the inexpressible as a way towards greater awareness .

The club , which met weekly every Wednesday evening throughout the Parliamentary session ( usually at the Bell Tavern , Westminster ) , was composed of about 150 Tory backbenchers , and its main aim was to function as a pressure group to urge a more Tory policy on the Harley ministry .
the club , which met weekly every wednesday evening throughout the parliamentary session ( usually at the bell tavern , westminster ) , was composed of about 150 tory backbenchers , and its main aim was to [purpose] as a pressure group to urge a more tory policy on the harley ministry .

If you want to use a game it 's important to give careful consideration to its purpose and/or function .
if you want to use a game it 's important to give careful consideration to its purpose and/or [purpose] .

The class work in small groups to " mould " each other into still images which will function as waxworks or statues in the drama . The making of the images becomes the first part of the drama , in which ( for example ) the work is inspected by the teacher in role as new Mayor , who commissions a statue to commemorate the return of the children of Hamelin !
the class work in small groups to " mould " each other into still images which will [purpose] as waxworks or statues in the drama . the making of the images becomes the first part of the drama , in which ( for example ) the work is inspected by the teacher in role as new mayor , who commissions a statue to commemorate the return of the children of hamelin !

We can classify roles in terms of their function and in terms of their status .
we can classify roles in terms of their [purpose] and in terms of their status .

The messenger role , for example , has the function of bringing information ; but that information could be brought by a beggar or a King .
the messenger role , for example , has the [purpose] of bringing information ; but that information could be brought by a beggar or a king .

When we 're using role we need to consider both function and status .
when we 're using role we need to consider both [purpose] and status .

Any role has both a function and a status ; it is effectively a combination of the above .
any role has both a [purpose] and a status ; it is effectively a combination of the above .

When used in conjunction with the function of Devil 's Advocate you can push the children to a point where they refuse to take orders ; they have to persuade you that what you are proposing is wrong .
when used in conjunction with the [purpose] of devil 's advocate you can push the children to a point where they refuse to take orders ; they have to persuade you that what you are proposing is wrong .

The initial function of the role is to pass on information that the Nazarenes will have to leave Nazareth for the Roman census .
the initial [purpose] of the role is to pass on information that the nazarenes will have to leave nazareth for the roman census .

The most significant of the changes was the ending of single capacity with its sharp demarcation between the function of broker and that of jobber and the creation of a number of gilt-edged market makers ( GEMMs ) able to act in the dual capacity of broker and dealer .
the most significant of the changes was the ending of single capacity with its sharp demarcation between the [purpose] of broker and that of jobber and the creation of a number of gilt-edged market makers ( gemms ) able to act in the dual capacity of broker and dealer .

The option premium fluctuates over time as a function of the price of the underlying asset , its volatility and the rate of interest .
the option premium fluctuates over time as a [purpose] of the price of the underlying asset , its volatility and the rate of interest .

From that time , they have continued to have an important role in the discounting of bills and as a result of this function have come to fill a pivotal role between the banks and the Bank of England in the determination of short term interest rates .
from that time , they have continued to have an important role in the discounting of bills and as a result of this [purpose] have come to fill a pivotal role between the banks and the bank of england in the determination of short term interest rates .

They were supposed to `` function independently within the sphere of activity entrusted to them `` .
they were supposed to `` [purpose] independently within the sphere of activity entrusted to them `` .

The most essential function of the diplomat resident for a substantial period of time in some foreign capital remained what it had always been : the collecting and sending home of information .
the most essential [purpose] of the diplomat resident for a substantial period of time in some foreign capital remained what it had always been : the collecting and sending home of information .

In the sixteenth century , and to a considerable extent in the seventeenth also , their function , like that of the French secretaries under the last Valois kings , was merely executive .
in the sixteenth century , and to a considerable extent in the seventeenth also , their [purpose] , like that of the french secretaries under the last valois kings , was merely executive .

But the main function of the British and Russian ministers was to observe and counter each other 's activities ; it was the rivalries of these two great imperial powers which kept alive their interest in Persia and made them establish and maintain relations with it .
but the main [purpose] of the british and russian ministers was to observe and counter each other 's activities ; it was the rivalries of these two great imperial powers which kept alive their interest in persia and made them establish and maintain relations with it .

The writings of these authors have a very particular literary function .
the writings of these authors have a very particular literary [purpose] .

They perform the function of a rite of passage whereby the reader is enabled not only to glimpse imaginatively the possibility of a reality which transcends the limitations of sense and intellect but also to validate it .
they perform the [purpose] of a rite of passage whereby the reader is enabled not only to glimpse imaginatively the possibility of a reality which transcends the limitations of sense and intellect but also to validate it .

This recognition is the first child of Rachel and a function of reason , known by the mystics as the state of discretion .
this recognition is the first child of rachel and a [purpose] of reason , known by the mystics as the state of discretion .

His sense of the delicate interrelation between reading , meditation and prayer is set out at the beginning of the chapter on contemplation : Here meditation has a mediating function : a process in which insight is received like a gift , much as the process of analysing a poem mysteriously yields a new integrated perception of its whole meaning which transcends the conscious process of study .
his sense of the delicate interrelation between reading , meditation and prayer is set out at the beginning of the chapter on contemplation : here meditation has a mediating [purpose] : a process in which insight is received like a gift , much as the process of analysing a poem mysteriously yields a new integrated perception of its whole meaning which transcends the conscious process of study .

The normal dyadic pairs which are represented by the category oppositions husband/wife , parent/child , elder sibling/younger sibling , brother/sister , are always asymmetrical and can never function as relationships of completely balanced reciprocity .
the normal dyadic pairs which are represented by the category oppositions husband/wife , parent/child , elder sibling/younger sibling , brother/sister , are always asymmetrical and can never [purpose] as relationships of completely balanced reciprocity .

Whether true or false or just part true , part false all such stories function as myths of origin , as charters for human existence ; they explain to the initiate or to the newcomer how `` we `` began and how `` we `` came to be where we now are .
whether true or false or just part true , part false all such stories [purpose] as myths of origin , as charters for human existence ; they explain to the initiate or to the newcomer how `` we `` began and how `` we `` came to be where we now are .

In general , from 1450 onwards , non-European Christians were taught theology to a level at which they might function as parish priests , but they were not admitted to the religious orders such as the Jesuits and the Dominicans .
in general , from 1450 onwards , non-european christians were taught theology to a level at which they might [purpose] as parish priests , but they were not admitted to the religious orders such as the jesuits and the dominicans .

Roughly speaking , plain , unemotional , ordered `` talking `` , which is heavily dependent upon our ability to recognize and encode binary discriminations ( distinctive features in phonology and logical oppositions in argument ) , has been shown to be a function of the left hemisphere of the brain , while emotional responses , which are the consequence of reactions to sensory inputs from outside , are a function of the right hemisphere .
roughly speaking , plain , unemotional , ordered `` talking `` , which is heavily dependent upon our ability to recognize and encode binary discriminations ( distinctive features in phonology and logical oppositions in argument ) , has been shown to be a [purpose] of the left hemisphere of the brain , while emotional responses , which are the consequence of reactions to sensory inputs from outside , are a [purpose] of the right hemisphere .

The complete human being has to be able to combine both these kinds of mental function , the rational-semiotic-orderly on the one hand and the sensory-emotional-disorderly on the other .
the complete human being has to be able to combine both these kinds of mental [purpose] , the rational-semiotic-orderly on the one hand and the sensory-emotional-disorderly on the other .

In modern `` systems the primary function of money is its use in economic transactions .
in modern `` systems the primary [purpose] of money is its use in economic transactions .

The washermen in this system are members of the Hena caste and their caste function is the handling of ritually polluted objects and the provision of ritually clean clothes and pieces of cloth .
the washermen in this system are members of the hena caste and their caste [purpose] is the handling of ritually polluted objects and the provision of ritually clean clothes and pieces of cloth .

The background of prospective clients and the motives for requesting the firm to perform a particular function should always be considered carefully before agreeing to accept our assignment .
the background of prospective clients and the motives for requesting the firm to perform a particular [purpose] should always be considered carefully before agreeing to accept our assignment .

The company size function provides a USM/fully quoted split .
the company size [purpose] provides a usm/fully quoted split .

The ultimate holding company function will highlight related companies within groups and identify companies which , while they appear to be too small to do the deal , may be able to do so with the support of their holding company .
the ultimate holding company [purpose] will highlight related companies within groups and identify companies which , while they appear to be too small to do the deal , may be able to do so with the support of their holding company .

The draft timetable will have been decided on at the sale strategy stage and will be to an extent a function of the marketing process chosen .
the draft timetable will have been decided on at the sale strategy stage and will be to an extent a [purpose] of the marketing process chosen .

Fee estimate : It is difficult to estimate the time involvement or costs of this category of work as this is a function of the number of funding sources approached and the number of meetings required .
fee estimate : it is difficult to estimate the time involvement or costs of this category of work as this is a [purpose] of the number of funding sources approached and the number of meetings required .

Behind the Prophet , Foster had fumbled out his personal radio with his left hand , his right now refusing to function due to the injured muscles of his upper arm .
behind the prophet , foster had fumbled out his personal radio with his left hand , his right now refusing to [purpose] due to the injured muscles of his upper arm .

After all it is wasteful , but there is probably a number of chemicals which are lost from food organisms or released because of some biological function .
after all it is wasteful , but there is probably a number of chemicals which are lost from food organisms or released because of some biological [purpose] .

Secondly , and arising out of the first function , it will produce a substantial statistical digest of basis data which is designed to serve the needs of future generations of Agrarian historians who investigate the period 1850-1914 .
secondly , and arising out of the first [purpose] , it will produce a substantial statistical digest of basis data which is designed to serve the needs of future generations of agrarian historians who investigate the period 1850-1914 .

But how far did the capital-goods sector fulfil this function in nineteenth-century Britain ?
but how far did the capital-goods sector fulfil this [purpose] in nineteenth-century britain ?

These include such important matters as status and its relation to land , office-holding and military service ; the structure and function of local networks ; the degree of lawlessness .
these include such important matters as status and its relation to land , office-holding and military service ; the structure and [purpose] of local networks ; the degree of lawlessness .

Sub-contracting is a way of life which generates a plethora of small manufacturing units where the managerial function can seldom be handled with anything resembling careless ease .
sub-contracting is a way of life which generates a plethora of small manufacturing units where the managerial [purpose] can seldom be handled with anything resembling careless ease .

There is a tendency in commercial organisations to regard the personnel function as being of secondary importance compared to production , finance and marketing .
there is a tendency in commercial organisations to regard the personnel [purpose] as being of secondary importance compared to production , finance and marketing .

This inevitably results in the provision of a less than satisfactory service which , of course , confirms the low status and ‘ poor ’ image of the personnel function amongst other departments and divisions .
this inevitably results in the provision of a less than satisfactory service which , of course , confirms the low status and ‘ poor ’ image of the personnel [purpose] amongst other departments and divisions .

Computer software has been developed for the estimation of large systems of such equations subject to cross-equation restrictions and also subject to changes of regime , so that the model can be permitted to shift in the face of institutional changes ( such as the switch to floating exchange rates ) while certain underlying behavioural parameters , such as in the desired money velocity function , remain constant .
computer software has been developed for the estimation of large systems of such equations subject to cross-equation restrictions and also subject to changes of regime , so that the model can be permitted to shift in the face of institutional changes ( such as the switch to floating exchange rates ) while certain underlying behavioural parameters , such as in the desired money velocity [purpose] , remain constant .

This project aims to discover whether similar results can be established for an economy in which money has a more significant function .
this project aims to discover whether similar results can be established for an economy in which money has a more significant [purpose] .

Empirical departures from the aggregate Keynesian consumption function have taken either of two routes .
empirical departures from the aggregate keynesian consumption [purpose] have taken either of two routes .

a government supply function of ( narrow ) money which together with the government and foreign sector budget constraints determines also the supply of bonds plus foreign assets .
a government supply [purpose] of ( narrow ) money which together with the government and foreign sector budget constraints determines also the supply of bonds plus foreign assets .

the supply of output is modelled via a price equation derived from an aggregate production function as a mark-up over costs which varies with the level of output .
the supply of output is modelled via a price equation derived from an aggregate production [purpose] as a mark-up over costs which varies with the level of output .

The Census of Production will be used to estimate a system of factor demands using a dual-cost function approach .
the census of production will be used to estimate a system of factor demands using a dual-cost [purpose] approach .

the specification of an objective function for optimal policy calculations ;
the specification of an objective [purpose] for optimal policy calculations ;

The consumption function is an ideal testbed for a general methodological investigation of error correction mechanisms , the design of economic policy , crowding out and aggregate supply .
the consumption [purpose] is an ideal testbed for a general methodological investigation of error correction mechanisms , the design of economic policy , crowding out and aggregate supply .

The study will assess the content , function and importance of fanzines for soccer fans , and the extent to which these adequately reflect their relations with , and perceptions of , club directors and soccer authorities .
the study will assess the content , [purpose] and importance of fanzines for soccer fans , and the extent to which these adequately reflect their relations with , and perceptions of , club directors and soccer authorities .

These organisations function as community banks where local residents save regularly and can access credit at very low rates of interest .
these organisations [purpose] as community banks where local residents save regularly and can access credit at very low rates of interest .

Since numbers of kin are a function of demography , it is possible to calculate them by simulation from a knowledge of birth rates , marriage rates and death rates .
since numbers of kin are a [purpose] of demography , it is possible to calculate them by simulation from a knowledge of birth rates , marriage rates and death rates .

Yet the role , function , impact and effectiveness of the Community Health Councils is imperfectly understood and questions have been raised concerning their future .
yet the role , [purpose] , impact and effectiveness of the community health councils is imperfectly understood and questions have been raised concerning their future .

The Regional Research Laboratories will also take on a training function as they develop and organise courses and workshops at the regional level to promote their facilities .
the regional research laboratories will also take on a training [purpose] as they develop and organise courses and workshops at the regional level to promote their facilities .

‘ In the days before lycra , we were very much more limited in finding leg yarns with the perfect fit , now lycra is the vital link between fashion leg and good function .
‘ in the days before lycra , we were very much more limited in finding leg yarns with the perfect fit , now lycra is the vital link between fashion leg and good [purpose] .

The bodies were discovered by Mrs Anderson 's only child , eight-year-old Kelly , when she returned home from a school function .
the bodies were discovered by mrs anderson 's only child , eight-year-old kelly , when she returned home from a school [purpose] .

‘ So long as food is a function of the Department of Agriculture … food will remain subordinate to agriculture .
‘ so long as food is a [purpose] of the department of agriculture … food will remain subordinate to agriculture .

Manned by Actionsport Scotland staff , it will function as a ‘ What 's Your Sport ’ Info point providing club specific information for all sports recognised by the Scottish Sports Council .
manned by actionsport scotland staff , it will [purpose] as a ‘ what 's your sport ’ info point providing club specific information for all sports recognised by the scottish sports council .

You will see from the notes and form that applications should only be directed to the Sports Council in respect of post holders of international bodies , ie those who have been elected in their own right and not those who are simply fulfilling a representative function .
you will see from the notes and form that applications should only be directed to the sports council in respect of post holders of international bodies , ie those who have been elected in their own right and not those who are simply fulfilling a representative [purpose] .

With support from the Royal Institute of Public Administration and the Society of Local Authority Chief EXecutives in planning and execution , the research studies the genesis of the role , its development over time in response in different and changing environments , its present status , problems and fitness to needs , the characteristics of its occupants , and directions in which the local government executive function might most aptly develop to meet postulated future needs of local communities and environmental change .
with support from the royal institute of public administration and the society of local authority chief executives in planning and execution , the research studies the genesis of the role , its development over time in response in different and changing environments , its present status , problems and fitness to needs , the characteristics of its occupants , and directions in which the local government executive [purpose] might most aptly develop to meet postulated future needs of local communities and environmental change .

My own recollections begin at a public function just over 20 years ago .
my own recollections begin at a public [purpose] just over 20 years ago .

At the confirmation stage the agent really has very little function because the necessary steps are taken by the Secretary of State .
at the confirmation stage the agent really has very little [purpose] because the necessary steps are taken by the secretary of state .

Oily fish like mackerel , salmon , tuna , herrings , anchovy and sardines contain high levels of Omega-3 fatty acids , essential to healthy cell function .
oily fish like mackerel , salmon , tuna , herrings , anchovy and sardines contain high levels of omega-3 fatty acids , essential to healthy cell [purpose] .

The researchers compared the children 's health and lung function with their weight and how many weeks they were in the womb .
the researchers compared the children 's health and lung [purpose] with their weight and how many weeks they were in the womb .

The Commission 's main function is the conservation and protection of the salmon fisheries of the Foyle area .
the commission 's main [purpose] is the conservation and protection of the salmon fisheries of the foyle area .

Security is an overall office function , and the Computing Sub-Group , in its earlier discussions on security , has preferred to deal with it by ensuring that offices are kept as secure as possible , rather than by guarding individual pieces of hardware .
security is an overall office [purpose] , and the computing sub-group , in its earlier discussions on security , has preferred to deal with it by ensuring that offices are kept as secure as possible , rather than by guarding individual pieces of hardware .

Stores are currently linked to the Inventory function of the SunAccount package .
stores are currently linked to the inventory [purpose] of the sunaccount package .

It was suggested that Library staff could take over this function , since they are scanning the journals in any case , and the work would lend itself to the eventual creation of an image database , but Library staff shortages have made it impossible to undertake this work systematically .
it was suggested that library staff could take over this [purpose] , since they are scanning the journals in any case , and the work would lend itself to the eventual creation of an image database , but library staff shortages have made it impossible to undertake this work systematically .

Objective a ) requires the provision of information resources to underpin the research effort , and implicitly provides for our function as a publisher ; b ) explicitly mentions the library and the archive collection ; c ) implies the efficient curation of information , and the granting of access to the resources ; d ) specifies our enquiry , consultancy and educational functions , all of which have a high information content ; e ) demands the use of expertise and data for the provision of specialist services , and f ) relates to our public amenity function , and sets out the purposes for which access to the amenity is provided .
objective a ) requires the provision of information resources to underpin the research effort , and implicitly provides for our [purpose] as a publisher ; b ) explicitly mentions the library and the archive collection ; c ) implies the efficient curation of information , and the granting of access to the resources ; d ) specifies our enquiry , consultancy and educational functions , all of which have a high information content ; e ) demands the use of expertise and data for the provision of specialist services , and f ) relates to our public amenity [purpose] , and sets out the purposes for which access to the amenity is provided .

This space was purpose-built for exhibitions , and this should remain its primary function .
this space was purpose-built for exhibitions , and this should remain its primary [purpose] .

The function of this office would be :
the [purpose] of this office would be :

Under function iii ) above , the Information Officer would work through the Publication Officer on those channels that would need to be generated in print de novo .
under [purpose] iii ) above , the information officer would work through the publication officer on those channels that would need to be generated in print de novo .

This function will tend to concentrate on the visual image and publications resources .
this [purpose] will tend to concentrate on the visual image and publications resources .

In both of these jobs she proved to very hard-working and reliable , well able to function on her own but always working as a member of a team .
in both of these jobs she proved to very hard-working and reliable , well able to [purpose] on her own but always working as a member of a team .

Management Group has recently agreed to an increased membership and some modifications to the way the Committee will function .
management group has recently agreed to an increased membership and some modifications to the way the committee will [purpose] .

Manufacturers generally supply information about the torque producing capability of a stepping motor in the form of a graph — known as the static torque/rotor position characteristic — showing the torque developed by the motor as a function of rotor position for several values of winding current .
manufacturers generally supply information about the torque producing capability of a stepping motor in the form of a graph — known as the static torque/rotor position characteristic — showing the torque developed by the motor as a [purpose] of rotor position for several values of winding current .

Strictly speaking the peak static torque is a function of phase current , but it is often quoted as a single value corresponding to the rated phase current .
strictly speaking the peak static torque is a [purpose] of phase current , but it is often quoted as a single value corresponding to the rated phase current .

This argument reveals that it is the phase voltage which is the fundamental factor in determining the speed range of the motor and the function of the series resistance can then be regarded as `` current.limiting `` , rather than `` forcing `` .
this argument reveals that it is the phase voltage which is the fundamental factor in determining the speed range of the motor and the [purpose] of the series resistance can then be regarded as `` current.limiting `` , rather than `` forcing `` .

The function of the speed discriminator circuit is to Provide a set of signals which indicate the stepping rate to the switching angle selector circuit .
the [purpose] of the speed discriminator circuit is to provide a set of signals which indicate the stepping rate to the switching angle selector circuit .

In its original form waveform detection was based on the modulating effect on the phase current of the motional voltage ( which in turn is a function of rotor position ) , but more recently a scheme using the variation of phase inductance with rotor Position has been proposed .
in its original form waveform detection was based on the modulating effect on the phase current of the motional voltage ( which in turn is a [purpose] of rotor position ) , but more recently a scheme using the variation of phase inductance with rotor position has been proposed .

The advantage of this system is its simplicity ; a very limited number of control functions are required and the software or hardware option is available for each function .
the advantage of this system is its simplicity ; a very limited number of control functions are required and the software or hardware option is available for each [purpose] .

The oscillator input is provided by a function generator , which can be started by a signal from the microprocessor and stopped by signal from the step counter .
the oscillator input is provided by a [purpose] generator , which can be started by a signal from the microprocessor and stopped by signal from the step counter .

For optimum open-loop operation the velocity profile for acceleration is an approximate exponential function of time and for deceleration a `` reverse exponential `` is needed [ Fig .
for optimum open-loop operation the velocity profile for acceleration is an approximate exponential [purpose] of time and for deceleration a `` reverse exponential `` is needed [ fig .

Unfortunately this latter function is very difficult to generate using simple analogue circuits , So it has become common practice to approximate the velocity profile by linear ramp functions [ Figs .
unfortunately this latter [purpose] is very difficult to generate using simple analogue circuits , so it has become common practice to approximate the velocity profile by linear ramp functions [ figs .

ping rate , which becomes a function of the ramp gradient .
ping rate , which becomes a [purpose] of the ramp gradient .

The optimum ramp gradient and stepping rate limit depend on the number of steps to be executed ( see following example ) and , in principle , the function generator characteristics could be made to depend on the target position information .
the optimum ramp gradient and stepping rate limit depend on the number of steps to be executed ( see following example ) and , in principle , the [purpose] generator characteristics could be made to depend on the target position information .

To perform this function the controller requires information about the instantaneous speed of the motor and must then generate the Switching angle appropriate to that speed .
to perform this [purpose] the controller requires information about the instantaneous speed of the motor and must then generate the switching angle appropriate to that speed .

In Setting up a closed.loop Stepping motor control the choice of appropriate points for deceleration initiation can be very difficult , because the load torque characteristics , which are usually a function of speed , may be ill-defined or may be expected to vary over the life expectancy of the system .
in setting up a closed.loop stepping motor control the choice of appropriate points for deceleration initiation can be very difficult , because the load torque characteristics , which are usually a [purpose] of speed , may be ill-defined or may be expected to vary over the life expectancy of the system .

While the use of the term is admittedly unusual , its meaning seems clear enough ; and the statement that Molla Yegan succeeded Molla Fenari in this function would seem to indicate that Taskopruzade intends the same function by the terms and .
while the use of the term is admittedly unusual , its meaning seems clear enough ; and the statement that molla yegan succeeded molla fenari in this [purpose] would seem to indicate that taskopruzade intends the same [purpose] by the terms and .

It is thus clear that the practice of was not without importance from the earliest days of the state and that in Molla Edebali and Tursun Fakih — perhaps also in the elusive Elvan Fakih and others there were men who performed much the same function as later Muftis ; but so scanty and uncertain is the available information about this early period that one can not confidently assert the existence , still less the continuity , of an officially designated post of Mufti .
it is thus clear that the practice of was not without importance from the earliest days of the state and that in molla edebali and tursun fakih — perhaps also in the elusive elvan fakih and others there were men who performed much the same [purpose] as later muftis ; but so scanty and uncertain is the available information about this early period that one can not confidently assert the existence , still less the continuity , of an officially designated post of mufti .

It is , perhaps , possible that the office was created in an attempt to impose some organization on the traditionally unorganized function of that the Mufti was one whose opinion was in some way considered superior to that of other muftis and who , perhaps , was responsible for the appointment of lesser muftis .
it is , perhaps , possible that the office was created in an attempt to impose some organization on the traditionally unorganized [purpose] of that the mufti was one whose opinion was in some way considered superior to that of other muftis and who , perhaps , was responsible for the appointment of lesser muftis .

Examples of calculations which can be speedily and economically performed are : Branch work loads Wastage rates Cost information in relation to salaries This function can be combined with retrieval to enable reports with numerical information and analysis such as hours of work and salary to be produced .
examples of calculations which can be speedily and economically performed are : branch work loads wastage rates cost information in relation to salaries this [purpose] can be combined with retrieval to enable reports with numerical information and analysis such as hours of work and salary to be produced .

At the same time it will result in the spread of knowledge and involve the participation of most of the staff employed on the information aspect of the personnel function .
at the same time it will result in the spread of knowledge and involve the participation of most of the staff employed on the information aspect of the personnel [purpose] .

This concept is then expanded by looking at specific areas within the personnel function which can benefit from this approach , and the various computer solutions to these requirements are reviewed .
this concept is then expanded by looking at specific areas within the personnel [purpose] which can benefit from this approach , and the various computer solutions to these requirements are reviewed .

It is stressed that the main concern should be the information needs of the personnel function , rather than concentrating too early upon computer solutions .
it is stressed that the main concern should be the information needs of the personnel [purpose] , rather than concentrating too early upon computer solutions .

Are you still arguing with your finance function about whose numbers are accurate , rather than discussing the real issues of motivation , development , and cost effectiveness ?
are you still arguing with your finance [purpose] about whose numbers are accurate , rather than discussing the real issues of motivation , development , and cost effectiveness ?

Managers should therefore concentrate upon the type and nature of information to be held , and how this information will be used in the process of managing the personnel function .
managers should therefore concentrate upon the type and nature of information to be held , and how this information will be used in the process of managing the personnel [purpose] .

The type of computer system used is very much a secondary consideration , and will depend upon such considerations as : enterprise size/number of employees number of physical locations range of personnel applications to be attempted whether enterprise is growing , contracting , static supply of computer professionals available budget available What is certain is that the personnel function needs a shared information system .
the type of computer system used is very much a secondary consideration , and will depend upon such considerations as : enterprise size/number of employees number of physical locations range of personnel applications to be attempted whether enterprise is growing , contracting , static supply of computer professionals available budget available what is certain is that the personnel [purpose] needs a shared information system .

If a company is going to take the trouble to computerise in other areas of the personnel function , it seems a waste of potential not to tackle recruitment as well .
if a company is going to take the trouble to computerise in other areas of the personnel [purpose] , it seems a waste of potential not to tackle recruitment as well .

Data on the key properties of posts , namely current grade , total score , job family ( function ) and location , were extracted from the mainframe based data sets and stored on a desk top computer system based on Tektronix 4050 series graphics machines .
data on the key properties of posts , namely current grade , total score , job family ( [purpose] ) and location , were extracted from the mainframe based data sets and stored on a desk top computer system based on tektronix 4050 series graphics machines .

That is , information could be produced for the entire Read-off , all posts in a particular employing location , all posts in a given function , etc .
that is , information could be produced for the entire read-off , all posts in a particular employing location , all posts in a given [purpose] , etc .

The ability to break down the analysis by location and function enabled assessments to be made of the likely organisational consequences of a given set of boundaries as well as the effect on the overall and grade specific grading changes .
the ability to break down the analysis by location and [purpose] enabled assessments to be made of the likely organisational consequences of a given set of boundaries as well as the effect on the overall and grade specific grading changes .

The advantages of immediate estimates of the consequences of any proposed set of grade boundaries , in terms of changes in grade numbers both overall and by function and location , and in terms of the likely cost over the forthcoming years , are obvious and considerable .
the advantages of immediate estimates of the consequences of any proposed set of grade boundaries , in terms of changes in grade numbers both overall and by [purpose] and location , and in terms of the likely cost over the forthcoming years , are obvious and considerable .

In the case of the job evaluation exercise this was achieved by producing a program whose function was to `` translate `` a proposed set of grade boundaries into consequences quoted in the same terms as those in which the management 's negotiating aims were couched : costs , grade changes , etc .
in the case of the job evaluation exercise this was achieved by producing a program whose [purpose] was to `` translate `` a proposed set of grade boundaries into consequences quoted in the same terms as those in which the management 's negotiating aims were couched : costs , grade changes , etc .

Costing Function .
costing [purpose] .

Taking a specific population , in this case the engineering function , we first produce an age histogram , as in figure 6 , together with a brief range of statistics .
taking a specific population , in this case the engineering [purpose] , we first produce an age histogram , as in figure 6 , together with a brief range of statistics .

An intervals the system can be increased by a further analytical , statistical or informational function , capable of processing information which might otherwise need an additional personnel assistant to maintain .
an intervals the system can be increased by a further analytical , statistical or informational [purpose] , capable of processing information which might otherwise need an additional personnel assistant to maintain .

This concern has traditionally been associated with both a sensitivity within the organisation towards personnel issues and a responsiveness on the part of the personnel function to new opportunities for developing the service provided to the company .
this concern has traditionally been associated with both a sensitivity within the organisation towards personnel issues and a responsiveness on the part of the personnel [purpose] to new opportunities for developing the service provided to the company .

After lengthy discussions at the highest level it was decided that because of the confidentiality of the information , and since most of the authorization procedures were already within the personnel function , the responsibility for the new system should be vested within Personnel .
after lengthy discussions at the highest level it was decided that because of the confidentiality of the information , and since most of the authorization procedures were already within the personnel [purpose] , the responsibility for the new system should be vested within personnel .

This Manager was a member of Group Personnel and had a central function overseeing the future development and maintenance of the system ( eg , administering global changes ; end of year tax information ) as well as providing Dartford Site Services ( see figures 4 and 5 for the resulting organisation ) .
this manager was a member of group personnel and had a central [purpose] overseeing the future development and maintenance of the system ( eg , administering global changes ; end of year tax information ) as well as providing dartford site services ( see figures 4 and 5 for the resulting organisation ) .

The system has proved to be flexible thus enabling enhancements to be made — enhancements which quite often could not have been thought of at the initial design stage , since the concept of an integrated payroll and personnel function was very much new ground .
the system has proved to be flexible thus enabling enhancements to be made — enhancements which quite often could not have been thought of at the initial design stage , since the concept of an integrated payroll and personnel [purpose] was very much new ground .

While discussion of a corporate information system is as yet largely speculative , our experience of the Payroll/Personnel database system over the last three years has given rise to various working hypotheses of relevance to management in general and the personnel function in particular .
while discussion of a corporate information system is as yet largely speculative , our experience of the payroll/personnel database system over the last three years has given rise to various working hypotheses of relevance to management in general and the personnel [purpose] in particular .

The balancing of these conflicting influences is an essential function of management .
the balancing of these conflicting influences is an essential [purpose] of management .

The requirements for new skills , changing roles and management styles , the erosion of traditional functional boundaries and the needs for training and staff development will give rise to conflict and accordingly focus attention on the role of the personnel function as a mediator .
the requirements for new skills , changing roles and management styles , the erosion of traditional functional boundaries and the needs for training and staff development will give rise to conflict and accordingly focus attention on the role of the personnel [purpose] as a mediator .

They are pieces of software which have been written to perform a particular function .
they are pieces of software which have been written to perform a particular [purpose] .

The manager 's `` clerical `` function was therefore eliminated .
the manager 's `` clerical `` [purpose] was therefore eliminated .

And even then it took a few more strangled moments before she could force her numbed brain to function with anything more coherent than a scream of anguish .
and even then it took a few more strangled moments before she could force her numbed brain to [purpose] with anything more coherent than a scream of anguish .

But , despite the electric atmosphere , they were beginning to function as a team .
but , despite the electric atmosphere , they were beginning to [purpose] as a team .

Similar buildings seem to predominate at Cambridge and Dragonby , and , interestingly , at accepted ‘ village ’ sites like Catsgore , a fact which must be important when trying to define the function and status of individual sites close to the town-village threshold .
similar buildings seem to predominate at cambridge and dragonby , and , interestingly , at accepted ‘ village ’ sites like catsgore , a fact which must be important when trying to define the [purpose] and status of individual sites close to the town-village threshold .

Various other courtyard structures have been located , though in all cases their exact function is hard to define .
various other courtyard structures have been located , though in all cases their exact [purpose] is hard to define .

While many sites were upgraded by the addition of walls to the existing earthworks during the third and fourth centuries , new stone defences , with or without a contemporary bank , were also provided elsewhere , reflecting an extension of this important protective function .
while many sites were upgraded by the addition of walls to the existing earthworks during the third and fourth centuries , new stone defences , with or without a contemporary bank , were also provided elsewhere , reflecting an extension of this important protective [purpose] .

Such a religious focus perhaps indicates the primary function at these sites , in contrast to those where the temple occupies a somewhat subsidiary location in the known plan .
such a religious focus perhaps indicates the primary [purpose] at these sites , in contrast to those where the temple occupies a somewhat subsidiary location in the known plan .

Just as important for the question of small-town function and status might be the relative proportions of strip buildings in contrast to the more spacious plots , since in general these are functionally distinct .
just as important for the question of small-town [purpose] and status might be the relative proportions of strip buildings in contrast to the more spacious plots , since in general these are functionally distinct .

Two types of evidence can give a clue to this particular function : inscriptions and structures .
two types of evidence can give a clue to this particular [purpose] : inscriptions and structures .

There is one last function which small towns might have possessed at provincial level , that of acting as administrative centres for imperial estates .
there is one last [purpose] which small towns might have possessed at provincial level , that of acting as administrative centres for imperial estates .

It is difficult to accept this interpretation because there is no evidence to imply that the site was ever promoted to the rank of civitas capital , and it seems simplest to assume that it fulfilled some other official function .
it is difficult to accept this interpretation because there is no evidence to imply that the site was ever promoted to the rank of civitas capital , and it seems simplest to assume that it fulfilled some other official [purpose] .

The case at Water Newton is rather less certain , but it has been argued that either one of the two large buildings visible at the centre of the defended area served as an administrative centre for the Fens , or that this function was performed by the remarkable complex identified at Castor to the north-east of the town 's extramural suburbs .
the case at water newton is rather less certain , but it has been argued that either one of the two large buildings visible at the centre of the defended area served as an administrative centre for the fens , or that this [purpose] was performed by the remarkable complex identified at castor to the north-east of the town 's extramural suburbs .

Indeed , sites which were generally successful often attracted organs of government to them , as was the case with the cities and major towns , but in these and other instances it is always difficult to distinguish the primary function once it has been overlaid or mixed with others .
indeed , sites which were generally successful often attracted organs of government to them , as was the case with the cities and major towns , but in these and other instances it is always difficult to distinguish the primary [purpose] once it has been overlaid or mixed with others .

Not all religious sites were so openly associated with water , however , despite its popularity in Celtic theology , but caution is necessary when trying to identify religion as the primary function for a settlement 's foundation and continued existence , as so many small towns possessed at least one temple .
not all religious sites were so openly associated with water , however , despite its popularity in celtic theology , but caution is necessary when trying to identify religion as the primary [purpose] for a settlement 's foundation and continued existence , as so many small towns possessed at least one temple .

It is probably correct , nevertheless , to accept a dominant religious function for those sites where there is either a multiplicity of temples or a religious precinct with associated facilities .
it is probably correct , nevertheless , to accept a dominant religious [purpose] for those sites where there is either a multiplicity of temples or a religious precinct with associated facilities .

In time , this economic function may have grown strong enough to draw yet more people to it , so that it came to overshadow the original cause for the settlement 's foundation .
in time , this economic [purpose] may have grown strong enough to draw yet more people to it , so that it came to overshadow the original cause for the settlement 's foundation .

In others , the economic function will have followed in the wake of a variety of other causes , as when sites were founded as vici outside forts or posting stations or as administrative centres in the new local and provincial hierarchy .
in others , the economic [purpose] will have followed in the wake of a variety of other causes , as when sites were founded as vici outside forts or posting stations or as administrative centres in the new local and provincial hierarchy .

Once established , however , this function is likely to have assumed an over-riding importance at those towns which were most suitably placed to exploit its potential .
once established , however , this [purpose] is likely to have assumed an over-riding importance at those towns which were most suitably placed to exploit its potential .

One , in the grounds of Tullie House Museum just outside the fort gate , was 12.2m ( 40 ft ) by at least 67 m ( 219 ft ) , with a substantial plank floor over a solid foundation , and may have had a military function ; attempts have also been made to interpret it as the base for a rampart surrounding an annexe to the fort .
one , in the grounds of tullie house museum just outside the fort gate , was 12.2m ( 40 ft ) by at least 67 m ( 219 ft ) , with a substantial plank floor over a solid foundation , and may have had a military [purpose] ; attempts have also been made to interpret it as the base for a rampart surrounding an annexe to the fort .

Lying as it does near the putative centre of the town , the building may have had some public function .
lying as it does near the putative centre of the town , the building may have had some public [purpose] .

At least one large building is known beneath the church and its graveyard , incorporating a range of rooms along its eastern side floored by tessellated pavements , but its precise function remains uncertain .
at least one large building is known beneath the church and its graveyard , incorporating a range of rooms along its eastern side floored by tessellated pavements , but its precise [purpose] remains uncertain .

Few buildings provide any clue to their function , but a room in Building 2 in Kingshams Field contained a clay-lined hearth , a stone trough and a low platform , probably indicating a manufacturing or commercial role .
few buildings provide any clue to their [purpose] , but a room in building 2 in kingshams field contained a clay-lined hearth , a stone trough and a low platform , probably indicating a manufacturing or commercial role .

This remodelling might also be contemporary with the decision to provide earthwork defences , though it could have preceded it by several years on current dating evidence ; either way , such changes mark a significant watershed in the town 's development and pose important questions about its status and function .
this remodelling might also be contemporary with the decision to provide earthwork defences , though it could have preceded it by several years on current dating evidence ; either way , such changes mark a significant watershed in the town 's development and pose important questions about its status and [purpose] .

More imposing structures also lined the frontages , including the public building , or pair of structures , represented by the columned facades on Sites 1 and 2 ; another is clearly known on Site 9 , where an arrangement of four pillar bases suggests an identical function .
more imposing structures also lined the frontages , including the public building , or pair of structures , represented by the columned facades on sites 1 and 2 ; another is clearly known on site 9 , where an arrangement of four pillar bases suggests an identical [purpose] .

Whether this was all part of a single private house remains uncertain , because its location just inside one of the town 's principal entrances might suggest an official function .
whether this was all part of a single private house remains uncertain , because its location just inside one of the town 's principal entrances might suggest an official [purpose] .

It is arguable , however , that these stones belong stratigraphically with the later road surface , with its central channel , by which time the earlier drains had probably ceased to function ; this would explain certain anomalies in their relative positions and have important implications for the site 's later appearance .
it is arguable , however , that these stones belong stratigraphically with the later road surface , with its central channel , by which time the earlier drains had probably ceased to [purpose] ; this would explain certain anomalies in their relative positions and have important implications for the site 's later appearance .

Just how little we know about the site 's status and function is reinforced by recent spectacular discoveries , including the hoard of gold coins and the cache of Christian silverware .
just how little we know about the site 's status and [purpose] is reinforced by recent spectacular discoveries , including the hoard of gold coins and the cache of christian silverware .

At the centre of the defended enclosure lay two courtyard structures of uncertain function and a precinct housing several temple-like buildings .
at the centre of the defended enclosure lay two courtyard structures of uncertain [purpose] and a precinct housing several temple-like buildings .

No structures are traceable , so that their exact function is uncertain .
no structures are traceable , so that their exact [purpose] is uncertain .

These resemble the examples alongside the Irchester road , but here excavations have clarified aspects of their chronology and function .
these resemble the examples alongside the irchester road , but here excavations have clarified aspects of their chronology and [purpose] .

Of particular interest for the site 's status and function are the two large buildings at the heart of the defended area .
of particular interest for the site 's status and [purpose] are the two large buildings at the heart of the defended area .

Unfortunately , little is known about the function of the numerous strip buildings within the defences , though examples examined in the suburbs may well be comparable .
unfortunately , little is known about the [purpose] of the numerous strip buildings within the defences , though examples examined in the suburbs may well be comparable .

Plowden was seen as providing a medium-term strategy for economic control , though to function satisfactorily it required an adequate institutional structure .
plowden was seen as providing a medium-term strategy for economic control , though to [purpose] satisfactorily it required an adequate institutional structure .

Their main function is to channel funds from those willing to lend to those willing to borrow , given that lenders and borrowers often have very different needs .
their main [purpose] is to channel funds from those willing to lend to those willing to borrow , given that lenders and borrowers often have very different needs .

Decisions as to the proportion in which they hold these assets , in other words the nature of their portfolio management , determine how the sector as a whole fulfils the function of allocating the community 's savings to those who wish to borrow .
decisions as to the proportion in which they hold these assets , in other words the nature of their portfolio management , determine how the sector as a whole fulfils the [purpose] of allocating the community 's savings to those who wish to borrow .

In the last century its major function was the discounting of bills of exchange which financed the increasing volume of international trade .
in the last century its major [purpose] was the discounting of bills of exchange which financed the increasing volume of international trade .

The Advisory Committee 's only function is to report on such references .
the advisory committee 's only [purpose] is to report on such references .

By then Tony Elliott was rumbling along and previously It had been providing that function .
by then tony elliott was rumbling along and previously it had been providing that [purpose] .

If you were a head of the legal department of a large company , you would inevitably undertake some of the major matters yourself , but in addition you would be concerned with managing the legal function .
if you were a head of the legal department of a large company , you would inevitably undertake some of the major matters yourself , but in addition you would be concerned with managing the legal [purpose] .

There is the opportunity to manage and develop the legal function in the most effective manner , deciding which matters should be handled personally , which matters should be given to outside solicitors and whether or when to consult specialist counsel .
there is the opportunity to manage and develop the legal [purpose] in the most effective manner , deciding which matters should be handled personally , which matters should be given to outside solicitors and whether or when to consult specialist counsel .

At Lucas , 38 year old has been responsible for the creation of a global marketing and commercial function worth some £750 million .
at lucas , 38 year old has been responsible for the creation of a global marketing and commercial [purpose] worth some £750 million .

The three new Divisions will function as follows :
the three new divisions will [purpose] as follows :

Other enhancements such as the mouse pointer changing shape according to the function currently selected and changing curve points to corner points may be of less use but at the very least point to a great amount of thought being paid to the design of the program .
other enhancements such as the mouse pointer changing shape according to the [purpose] currently selected and changing curve points to corner points may be of less use but at the very least point to a great amount of thought being paid to the design of the program .

In short , DesignWorks 1.2 is a program that takes a function many other applications have sophisticated , and ‘ simplicated ’ it .
in short , designworks 1.2 is a program that takes a [purpose] many other applications have sophisticated , and ‘ simplicated ’ it .

Spreadsheets used to provide the vital function of allowing people who had to juggle with figures to do so , achieve their answers , and print out seemingly interminable reams of numbers in columns and rows .
spreadsheets used to provide the vital [purpose] of allowing people who had to juggle with figures to do so , achieve their answers , and print out seemingly interminable reams of numbers in columns and rows .

No matter what spreadsheet you currently use , if , in fact you use one at all , it will be capable of adding figures ( via a sum function ) multiplying , dividing , converting and so forth .
no matter what spreadsheet you currently use , if , in fact you use one at all , it will be capable of adding figures ( via a sum [purpose] ) multiplying , dividing , converting and so forth .

Secondly , the computer keyboard has many additional keys which are used to alter the function of the alpha-numeric keys .
secondly , the computer keyboard has many additional keys which are used to alter the [purpose] of the alpha-numeric keys .

The computer keyboard also has a Delete key to delete letters in front of the cursor , a Backspace key to delete letters behind the cursor , a set of Cursor Movement keys that move the cursor up or down one line or side to side one space , a set of Function keys that perform preset functions with a single keypress and an Escape key that is normally used to reverse or undo the last action .
the computer keyboard also has a delete key to delete letters in front of the cursor , a backspace key to delete letters behind the cursor , a set of cursor movement keys that move the cursor up or down one line or side to side one space , a set of [purpose] keys that perform preset functions with a single keypress and an escape key that is normally used to reverse or undo the last action .

Improvements include a template manager , TrueType support for the Powerfont embellishment function and faster file saving and loading .
improvements include a template manager , truetype support for the powerfont embellishment [purpose] and faster file saving and loading .

Eight views can be selected with the function keys .
eight views can be selected with the [purpose] keys .

Each integrated circuit has a special function , such as memory for example .
each integrated circuit has a special [purpose] , such as memory for example .

The major problem is likely to be that enterprising ‘ try-outers ’ will hack the code they 've been given to play with and render the program fully usable if companies merely decrement a counter and destroy its function once it reaches zero as you suggest .
the major problem is likely to be that enterprising ‘ try-outers ’ will hack the code they 've been given to play with and render the program fully usable if companies merely decrement a counter and destroy its [purpose] once it reaches zero as you suggest .

The first function , compose , enables the user to enter notes , symbols and text on , above or between five line staves .
the first [purpose] , compose , enables the user to enter notes , symbols and text on , above or between five line staves .

The edit function screen displays eight stave lines and is used mainly for cutting and pasting sections of music as the detail is not sufficient for more detailed editing .
the edit [purpose] screen displays eight stave lines and is used mainly for cutting and pasting sections of music as the detail is not sufficient for more detailed editing .

The write function controls the printout to dot-matrix or laser printer .
the write [purpose] controls the printout to dot-matrix or laser printer .

These include mouse support , zoom , a distance measurement function , and options for drawing lines and circles on the maps .
these include mouse support , zoom , a distance measurement [purpose] , and options for drawing lines and circles on the maps .

Instead it is an add-in which once attached can be invoked by pressing Shift and a function key .
instead it is an add-in which once attached can be invoked by pressing shift and a [purpose] key .

Good use is made of the function keys and the screens are well laid out .
good use is made of the [purpose] keys and the screens are well laid out .

Was it her fault if her brain would n't function at a normal level ?
was it her fault if her brain would n't [purpose] at a normal level ?

Two black leather chesterfields faced each other across a low glass-topped table bearing a cylindrical flower vase of highly polished stainless steel surrounded by three slimmer and smaller cylinders of the same material , which , empty , could have been a rather large cruet set , but the true function of which was illustrated by the pure white candles , long and pointed , which emerged from their upper openings .
two black leather chesterfields faced each other across a low glass-topped table bearing a cylindrical flower vase of highly polished stainless steel surrounded by three slimmer and smaller cylinders of the same material , which , empty , could have been a rather large cruet set , but the true [purpose] of which was illustrated by the pure white candles , long and pointed , which emerged from their upper openings .

It might also be argued that it functions as metonymy , in which some element closely associated with the prime function of the whole comes to stand in for it .
it might also be argued that it functions as metonymy , in which some element closely associated with the prime [purpose] of the whole comes to stand in for it .

The portrait as genre here serves its traditional function in a postmodern world of fragmentation and exerts control on the narratives of subjectivity ( sitter/artist/spectator ) by its articulation of notions of continuity within syntactical disruption .
the portrait as genre here serves its traditional [purpose] in a postmodern world of fragmentation and exerts control on the narratives of subjectivity ( sitter/artist/spectator ) by its articulation of notions of continuity within syntactical disruption .

As with the passport photograph that is used to verify the identity of the subject and which functions like the signature in official documents , this function of the face can be detected in traditional portraiture where the face on the canvas is there to represent the true likeness of the model .
as with the passport photograph that is used to verify the identity of the subject and which functions like the signature in official documents , this [purpose] of the face can be detected in traditional portraiture where the face on the canvas is there to represent the true likeness of the model .

They offer an opportunity to managers , clinical staff and health and safety officers to reappraise the function of the mortuary services , and rectify any deficiencies in physical structure or in clinical practices .
they offer an opportunity to managers , clinical staff and health and safety officers to reappraise the [purpose] of the mortuary services , and rectify any deficiencies in physical structure or in clinical practices .

Perhaps my Maker did not intend that my brain should function perfectly .
perhaps my maker did not intend that my brain should [purpose] perfectly .

This function he understood .
this [purpose] he understood .

It has been conducting an urgent review of the way it manages its affairs and is embarking upon a further review of the number and function of its various committees .
it has been conducting an urgent review of the way it manages its affairs and is embarking upon a further review of the number and [purpose] of its various committees .

Subsequent research , aided by the Home of Rest for Horses , has enabled the Bristol team to understand the structure and function of these tendons , together with the mechanisms involved in their injury and repair .
subsequent research , aided by the home of rest for horses , has enabled the bristol team to understand the structure and [purpose] of these tendons , together with the mechanisms involved in their injury and repair .

At this level , therefore , implementation is an issue of system integration , making sure all the elements , software and hardware , communicate and function in an appropriate and concerted way .
at this level , therefore , implementation is an issue of system integration , making sure all the elements , software and hardware , communicate and [purpose] in an appropriate and concerted way .

Forbidding though the prospect may be , he needs another talking shop — a commission whose function would be to draw up a definitive Russian constitution that could then be entrenched against the amending whims of the Congress .
forbidding though the prospect may be , he needs another talking shop — a commission whose [purpose] would be to draw up a definitive russian constitution that could then be entrenched against the amending whims of the congress .

Equalization is rapid ( 5 to 30 min ) and permeation is readily detected , if present , by following the change of head as a function of time on a recorder .
equalization is rapid ( 5 to 30 min ) and permeation is readily detected , if present , by following the change of head as a [purpose] of time on a recorder .

Gunier showed that a characteristic shape-independent geometric function , called the radius of gyration can be measured from large particle scattering .
gunier showed that a characteristic shape-independent geometric [purpose] , called the radius of gyration can be measured from large particle scattering .

The function is size dependent and can be related to the polymer coil size by where , for monodisperse randomly coiling polymers .
the [purpose] is size dependent and can be related to the polymer coil size by where , for monodisperse randomly coiling polymers .

The intensity of scattering is a function of the electron density and therefore of the refractive index .
the intensity of scattering is a [purpose] of the electron density and therefore of the refractive index .

The boundary is located by the sharp change in n∼ and its movement is followed as a function of time using one or other of the optical methods available .
the boundary is located by the sharp change in n∼ and its movement is followed as a [purpose] of time using one or other of the optical methods available .

This is illustrated in a study of the melting of natural rubber samples , which has shown that the melting range is a function of the temperature of crystallization .
this is illustrated in a study of the melting of natural rubber samples , which has shown that the melting range is a [purpose] of the temperature of crystallization .

The changes are completely reversible , however , and the transition from a glass to a rubber is a function of molecular motion , not polymer structure .
the changes are completely reversible , however , and the transition from a glass to a rubber is a [purpose] of molecular motion , not polymer structure .

The glass transition is not a first-order transition , in the thermodynamic sense , as no discontinuities are observed when the entropy or volume of the polymer are measured as a function of temperature .
the glass transition is not a first-order transition , in the thermodynamic sense , as no discontinuities are observed when the entropy or volume of the polymer are measured as a [purpose] of temperature .

Stress-relaxation experiments involve the measurement of the force required to maintain the deformation produced initially by an applied stress as a function of time .
stress-relaxation experiments involve the measurement of the force required to maintain the deformation produced initially by an applied stress as a [purpose] of time .

The results are expressed as a relaxation modulus which is a function of the time of observation .
the results are expressed as a relaxation modulus which is a [purpose] of the time of observation .

Again a simple model with a single relaxation time is too crude , and the stress relaxation modulus is better represented by where is the distribution function of relaxation times .
again a simple model with a single relaxation time is too crude , and the stress relaxation modulus is better represented by where is the distribution [purpose] of relaxation times .

In more realistic terms , there is a distribution of relaxation times and a continuous distribution function can be derived , if required .
in more realistic terms , there is a distribution of relaxation times and a continuous distribution [purpose] can be derived , if required .

While the main variable is temperature , the factors ε′ and ε′′ can be studied as a function of the angular frequency ο , and in the frequency region where there is a relaxation , ε′ decreases as shown in figure 13.17 .
while the main variable is temperature , the factors ε′ and ε′′ can be studied as a [purpose] of the angular frequency ο , and in the frequency region where there is a relaxation , ε′ decreases as shown in figure 13.17 .

The location coordinates of suitable points on the image can be found accurately if a zoom function is available , and if a cross-wire cursor can be positioned over the point .
the location coordinates of suitable points on the image can be found accurately if a zoom [purpose] is available , and if a cross-wire cursor can be positioned over the point .

Attribute data is most often obtained in computer-readable form direct from agencies whose function it is to collect and distribute such data .
attribute data is most often obtained in computer-readable form direct from agencies whose [purpose] it is to collect and distribute such data .

The last function in Figure 1.1 is financial control and , is can be seen , it makes contact with all the others .
the last [purpose] in figure 1.1 is financial control and , is can be seen , it makes contact with all the others .

An important contribution of the commercial function is to be the main source of information on the market in which the company operates , its needs , preferences , buying patterns and price structure .
an important contribution of the commercial [purpose] is to be the main source of information on the market in which the company operates , its needs , preferences , buying patterns and price structure .

In the general case manufacturing costs are high compared with those of other functions so the function has a massive influence on company productivity .
in the general case manufacturing costs are high compared with those of other functions so the [purpose] has a massive influence on company productivity .

The Marketing Function
the marketing [purpose]

Defined the marketing function .
defined the marketing [purpose] .

The Accounts Function
the accounts [purpose]

Cumulative Density Function
cumulative density [purpose]

Each function embraces three vertical columns , the centre one on its own and the other two shared with the other functions .
each [purpose] embraces three vertical columns , the centre one on its own and the other two shared with the other functions .

’ is seen to be mainly the province of the marketing function .
’ is seen to be mainly the province of the marketing [purpose] .

The analysis of function requires concise and unambiguous definition of the functions performed by the part investigated .
the analysis of [purpose] requires concise and unambiguous definition of the functions performed by the part investigated .

To achieve this it is helpful to use two words , a verb and a noun , to describe each function .
to achieve this it is helpful to use two words , a verb and a noun , to describe each [purpose] .

The total cost of the part and the percentage of the total cost it represents is entered in the last two columns and the same is done for the function costs in the bottom three rows .
the total cost of the part and the percentage of the total cost it represents is entered in the last two columns and the same is done for the [purpose] costs in the bottom three rows .

The costing of functions is done by estimating the proportion of the part cost that can notionally be attributed to each function to which it contributes .
the costing of functions is done by estimating the proportion of the part cost that can notionally be attributed to each [purpose] to which it contributes .

The sum of the allocated function costs must , of course , equal the part cost .
the sum of the allocated [purpose] costs must , of course , equal the part cost .

It may appear surprising that three parts in the valve have been found to have no function at all and that they amount to over 5 per cent of the total cost .
it may appear surprising that three parts in the valve have been found to have no [purpose] at all and that they amount to over 5 per cent of the total cost .

The other notable high cost function is ‘ connect parts ’ which accounts for over 60 per cent of the total .
the other notable high cost [purpose] is ‘ connect parts ’ which accounts for over 60 per cent of the total .

By building this function into other basic parts of the valve , such as the body assembly and cover , as in Figure 7.11 , the associated cost is reduced from 12.08 to 2.14 , halving the percentage of the total .
by building this [purpose] into other basic parts of the valve , such as the body assembly and cover , as in figure 7.11 , the associated cost is reduced from 12.08 to 2.14 , halving the percentage of the total .

It is proposed that both reception and library desks remain but physicality and function change .
it is proposed that both reception and library desks remain but physicality and [purpose] change .

The churches also carried out the function of education in spiritual guidance to a population largely illiterate .
the churches also carried out the [purpose] of education in spiritual guidance to a population largely illiterate .

The aisle is roofed at a lower level than the nave and the triforia have the function of masking the lean-to roofs which cover these vaults .
the aisle is roofed at a lower level than the nave and the triforia have the [purpose] of masking the lean-to roofs which cover these vaults .

The French aptly term this arch the arc brisé , the broken arch , which gives a clear picture of its function .
the french aptly term this arch the arc brisé , the broken arch , which gives a clear picture of its [purpose] .

Durkheim saw relations within localities as having a function in these processes , albeit a mainly facilitating one .
durkheim saw relations within localities as having a [purpose] in these processes , albeit a mainly facilitating one .

However , as Haldane 's comment suggests , altruism is seen as a function of the proportion of genes shared by individuals .
however , as haldane 's comment suggests , altruism is seen as a [purpose] of the proportion of genes shared by individuals .

Land has both an economic function and a function in terms of personal and social esteem :
land has both an economic [purpose] and a [purpose] in terms of personal and social esteem :

The home 's most basic function is the provision of shelter from the social and physical environment .
the home 's most basic [purpose] is the provision of shelter from the social and physical environment .

Early in this section it was pointed out that not all organisations fit in easily to the three level structure . Some smaller firms may have a centralised functional structure where tasks and activities are arranged by business function such as :
early in this section it was pointed out that not all organisations fit in easily to the three level structure . some smaller firms may have a centralised functional structure where tasks and activities are arranged by business [purpose] such as :

We now discuss the role of the systems planning team whose main function is to coordinate and control the information systems project and ensure information systems are closely aligned with the goals of the organisation .
we now discuss the role of the systems planning team whose main [purpose] is to coordinate and control the information systems project and ensure information systems are closely aligned with the goals of the organisation .

This will be a decision of the systems planning team whose function will also be to oversee the development of the information systems project
this will be a decision of the systems planning team whose [purpose] will also be to oversee the development of the information systems project

The basic function diagram , for example , Figure 6.4 , shows the links as a function is decomposed into its constituent modules .
the basic [purpose] diagram , for example , figure 6.4 , shows the links as a [purpose] is decomposed into its constituent modules .

Structured English is a precise way of specifying a function and is readily understandable by the systems designer as well as being readily converted to a program .
structured english is a precise way of specifying a [purpose] and is readily understandable by the systems designer as well as being readily converted to a program .

Canals may have performed a general price-lowering function in , to use Professor Mathias 's phrase , `` cracking open `` local monopolies , but it should not be forgotten that they were in themselves mono-polies , even though canal companies hardly ever operated carrier services and confined themselves to earning from tolls .
canals may have performed a general price-lowering [purpose] in , to use professor mathias 's phrase , `` cracking open `` local monopolies , but it should not be forgotten that they were in themselves mono-polies , even though canal companies hardly ever operated carrier services and confined themselves to earning from tolls .

Obviously the factory system with its complicated industrial mechanism can not function profitably without a large and growing demand ready and willing to absorb its products as fast as they are produced .
obviously the factory system with its complicated industrial mechanism can not [purpose] profitably without a large and growing demand ready and willing to absorb its products as fast as they are produced .

Every other room in the house — kitchen , bathroom , bedroom , dining room , study — has its own fixed function that to a certain extent dictates the arrangements within it .
every other room in the house — kitchen , bathroom , bedroom , dining room , study — has its own fixed [purpose] that to a certain extent dictates the arrangements within it .

If kitchens are the most complicated rooms to plan they are also the most rewarding to get right , the kitchen , after all , is primarily a working room and although good looks are an integral part of its design , easy function should be the prime consideration .
if kitchens are the most complicated rooms to plan they are also the most rewarding to get right , the kitchen , after all , is primarily a working room and although good looks are an integral part of its design , easy [purpose] should be the prime consideration .

The lawyer seemed to be studying his papers , waiting , it seemed to Theda as her brain began to function a little , for her to take the lead .
the lawyer seemed to be studying his papers , waiting , it seemed to theda as her brain began to [purpose] a little , for her to take the lead .

Those involved in developing the National Curriculum in this country have been excessively preoccupied with drawing the attention of teachers and students to questions of grammatical correctness , and persistently tend to undervalue the importance of vocabulary in language development and function .
those involved in developing the national curriculum in this country have been excessively preoccupied with drawing the attention of teachers and students to questions of grammatical correctness , and persistently tend to undervalue the importance of vocabulary in language development and [purpose] .

The ‘ Functional Approach ’ : There are fewer though more frequent harvests , with less replication and an attempt is made to fit a function to the data .
the ‘ functional approach ’ : there are fewer though more frequent harvests , with less replication and an attempt is made to fit a [purpose] to the data .

Once a well-fitting function has been obtained one can of course use the usual mathematical techniques to derive other indicators such rates of change , means or smoothed curves which suppress small deviations and show a trend .
once a well-fitting [purpose] has been obtained one can of course use the usual mathematical techniques to derive other indicators such rates of change , means or smoothed curves which suppress small deviations and show a trend .

The amount of radiation absorbed is a function of the concentrations of pigments and their arrangement in the chloroplasts .
the amount of radiation absorbed is a [purpose] of the concentrations of pigments and their arrangement in the chloroplasts .

It was clear almost from the outset that the final instrument would have to be able to compute certain parameters of its measurement function , in order to cope with variations in environment .
it was clear almost from the outset that the final instrument would have to be able to compute certain parameters of its measurement [purpose] , in order to cope with variations in environment .

Techniques to be investigated for use during measurement , averaging and computing a growth function were grey scaling , picture improvement and even perhaps pattern manipulation .
techniques to be investigated for use during measurement , averaging and computing a growth [purpose] were grey scaling , picture improvement and even perhaps pattern manipulation .

The function first saves a set of measures by calling the procedure assignFunc .
the [purpose] first saves a set of measures by calling the procedure assignfunc .

The main computation is done in a subsidiary function chooseExpsr .
the main computation is done in a subsidiary [purpose] chooseexpsr .

The current function calls this twice to obtain expsrL and expsrH and defines the ‘ good ’ exposure as a suitable point between them .
the current [purpose] calls this twice to obtain expsrl and expsrh and defines the ‘ good ’ exposure as a suitable point between them .

Apart from its main function of storing a set of measures this procedure contains some diagnostics and also outputs a dot each time a measure is calculated to show the user that the program is running correctly .
apart from its main [purpose] of storing a set of measures this procedure contains some diagnostics and also outputs a dot each time a measure is calculated to show the user that the program is running correctly .

For the LB-level the function simply runs through the possible gradients of the radius vector and selects the maximum .
for the lb-level the [purpose] simply runs through the possible gradients of the radius vector and selects the maximum .

This function returns the appropriate root of that quadratic , if it is a genuine quadratic , and computes an appropriate value if not .
this [purpose] returns the appropriate root of that quadratic , if it is a genuine quadratic , and computes an appropriate value if not .

The main measurement is done by calling a function avgAreaMeasure in a loop at this level .
the main measurement is done by calling a [purpose] avgareameasure in a loop at this level .

The main action of this function is a loop in which orderOfAvg calls of a function measure are made and averaged .
the main action of this [purpose] is a loop in which orderofavg calls of a [purpose] measure are made and averaged .

The action of this function is fully described above .
the action of this [purpose] is fully described above .

This function obtains a pixel count of any such material seen in the strip and sets the return value accordingly .
this [purpose] obtains a pixel count of any such material seen in the strip and sets the return value accordingly .

This function adds the number of set bits in this part .
this [purpose] adds the number of set bits in this part .

This is obtained by translating to the standard interval [ -1,1 ] , multiplying the corresponding function by the Legendre polynomial of degree n and integrating over the interval .
this is obtained by translating to the standard interval [ -1,1 ] , multiplying the corresponding [purpose] by the legendre polynomial of degree n and integrating over the interval .

This function does pixel counts of the rectangle allotted to the reference card and the smaller rectangle where it is actually supposed to be placed and subtracts them .
this [purpose] does pixel counts of the rectangle allotted to the reference card and the smaller rectangle where it is actually supposed to be placed and subtracts them .

The function contains a loop which picks up one character at a time and classifies it . Backspace allows correction , carriage return or line feed terminates the process , while a decimal digit character is translated and the decimal number built up using the elementary formula
the [purpose] contains a loop which picks up one character at a time and classifies it . backspace allows correction , carriage return or line feed terminates the process , while a decimal digit character is translated and the decimal number built up using the elementary formula

This function has been called many times under many conditions , and with a variety of subjects .
this [purpose] has been called many times under many conditions , and with a variety of subjects .

This function checks that a strip round the reference card contains no light material .
this [purpose] checks that a strip round the reference card contains no light material .

The function of government intervention is less to tell people what they ought to like than to allow them better to achieve what they already like .
the [purpose] of government intervention is less to tell people what they ought to like than to allow them better to achieve what they already like .

adjectives , adverbs , nouns and verbs ) or function words ( e.g .
adjectives , adverbs , nouns and verbs ) or [purpose] words ( e.g .

Readers fixate a high proportion ( over 80 % ) of the content words in a text compared to only about 40 % of the function words .
readers fixate a high proportion ( over 80 % ) of the content words in a text compared to only about 40 % of the [purpose] words .

This differentiation between function and content word is further substantiated by letter cancellation studies which showed that letters in function words are more often missed than letters in content words ( Smith and Groat , 1979 ) .
this differentiation between [purpose] and content word is further substantiated by letter cancellation studies which showed that letters in [purpose] words are more often missed than letters in content words ( smith and groat , 1979 ) .

The constituent buffer contains constituents which are complete but whose higher level grammatical function is uncertain .
the constituent buffer contains constituents which are complete but whose higher level grammatical [purpose] is uncertain .

In English many of the words may belong to more than one grammatical category and it is the function of a tagger to select the correct tags for the words .
in english many of the words may belong to more than one grammatical category and it is the [purpose] of a tagger to select the correct tags for the words .

Typography within a dictionary indicates the function carried out by particular parts of the text .
typography within a dictionary indicates the [purpose] carried out by particular parts of the text .

This investigation examines the ability of the syntax processor to function with lattices of different quality .
this investigation examines the ability of the syntax processor to [purpose] with lattices of different quality .

Information generated by other modules ( specifically the lexical lookup and compound processing modules ) is required for the syntactic analyser to function .
information generated by other modules ( specifically the lexical lookup and compound processing modules ) is required for the syntactic analyser to [purpose] .

The task does not require detailed syntactic processing , simply to know where to pause ( the major syntactic boundaries ) , which words to stress ( distinguishing content and function words ) and whether the sentence requires the pitch to fall or rise at the end ( is it a yes-no question ? )
the task does not require detailed syntactic processing , simply to know where to pause ( the major syntactic boundaries ) , which words to stress ( distinguishing content and [purpose] words ) and whether the sentence requires the pitch to fall or rise at the end ( is it a yes-no question ? )

For example , a transitive verb such as ‘ find ’ is a two-place function requiring a subject and an object .
for example , a transitive verb such as ‘ find ’ is a two-place [purpose] requiring a subject and an object .

Trust her to arrive slap-bang in the middle of someone 's function .
trust her to arrive slap-bang in the middle of someone 's [purpose] .

Her aunt and uncle were out at some official function .
her aunt and uncle were out at some official [purpose] .

Work was not a means of gaining reward but was humanity 's true function in the divine order and the highest expression of human creativity .
work was not a means of gaining reward but was humanity 's true [purpose] in the divine order and the highest expression of human creativity .

Specialization of function leads inevitably to dependency .
specialization of [purpose] leads inevitably to dependency .

Modern scientific knowledge can be used by such societies and Rolt gives two guiding principles for the use of technology : ‘ That mechanical methods should only be employed in work provided the qualitative result achieved is better in the eyes of both maker and user ’ ; and ‘ That no man ( sic ) should make any use of a machine or a scientific process unless he possess a comprehensive knowledge of its principle , function and purpose , and is already skilled in the use to which it is to be applied ’ . What a revolution there would be in our behaviour and attitudes if we were to stick to those two principles !
modern scientific knowledge can be used by such societies and rolt gives two guiding principles for the use of technology : ‘ that mechanical methods should only be employed in work provided the qualitative result achieved is better in the eyes of both maker and user ’ ; and ‘ that no man ( sic ) should make any use of a machine or a scientific process unless he possess a comprehensive knowledge of its principle , [purpose] and purpose , and is already skilled in the use to which it is to be applied ’ . what a revolution there would be in our behaviour and attitudes if we were to stick to those two principles !

Approximately 3 to 4 per thousand children under 18 years of age have major disabilities in intellectual and social function .
approximately 3 to 4 per thousand children under 18 years of age have major disabilities in intellectual and social [purpose] .

The environmental panic is heaven for the high priests of advertising whose function it is to capitalize on fears and desires .
the environmental panic is heaven for the high priests of advertising whose [purpose] it is to capitalize on fears and desires .

It is difficult to see how the training function could be guaranteed otherwise .
it is difficult to see how the training [purpose] could be guaranteed otherwise .

The deviousness and deceitfulness of tobacco advertising , promotion and sponsorship activities which are directed at children lie in the fact that they tell them that one must be healthy and have lung function of 120 per cent .
the deviousness and deceitfulness of tobacco advertising , promotion and sponsorship activities which are directed at children lie in the fact that they tell them that one must be healthy and have lung [purpose] of 120 per cent .

to do well at sport , while it is practised by people wearing jerseys and caps carrying insignia and logos which bear a message about a product which will reduce one 's lung function to 80 per cent .
to do well at sport , while it is practised by people wearing jerseys and caps carrying insignia and logos which bear a message about a product which will reduce one 's lung [purpose] to 80 per cent .

That is a function of Government , not of family breakdown .
that is a [purpose] of government , not of family breakdown .

As a result , the Commission — still with 8,000 officials , who may be well paid but are nevertheless overworked — is dealing with more and more material not only initiated by itself in its legislative function of making proposals , but increasingly at the request of the politicians in the European Council .
as a result , the commission — still with 8,000 officials , who may be well paid but are nevertheless overworked — is dealing with more and more material not only initiated by itself in its legislative [purpose] of making proposals , but increasingly at the request of the politicians in the european council .

Member for Spelthorne ( Mr. Wilshire ) found himself in an interesting ideological twist on whether function or structure came first .
member for spelthorne ( mr. wilshire ) found himself in an interesting ideological twist on whether [purpose] or structure came first .

He denounced function as an irrelevance and said that we needed to set up a structure .
he denounced [purpose] as an irrelevance and said that we needed to set up a structure .

Local government could meet in a telephone box because function is not important .
local government could meet in a telephone box because [purpose] is not important .

To balance demand against available resources is a continuing function of health service management intra-contractually and extra-contractually .
to balance demand against available resources is a continuing [purpose] of health service management intra-contractually and extra-contractually .

It has a strategic planning function .
it has a strategic planning [purpose] .

( 2 ) The primary function of a students ' association of a college established under this paragraph shall be to represent the interests of students of such college .
( 2 ) the primary [purpose] of a students ' association of a college established under this paragraph shall be to represent the interests of students of such college .

Does the Secretary of State agree that , whatever the merits of Her Majesty 's inspectors being involved in the advocacy of method , their function of providing independent and publicised reports on the quality of education has never been in question ? If he wishes to make an adjustment , would not it be more sensible to detach their role from advocacy of method and confine it solely to inspection ? Is not his solution of private consultants to be engaged by competitive schools asking for trouble , because it creates an automatic conflict of interest and renders their reports suspect by definition ?
does the secretary of state agree that , whatever the merits of her majesty 's inspectors being involved in the advocacy of method , their [purpose] of providing independent and publicised reports on the quality of education has never been in question ? if he wishes to make an adjustment , would not it be more sensible to detach their role from advocacy of method and confine it solely to inspection ? is not his solution of private consultants to be engaged by competitive schools asking for trouble , because it creates an automatic conflict of interest and renders their reports suspect by definition ?

The primary function of the administration of justice is to apprehend and punish the guilty .
the primary [purpose] of the administration of justice is to apprehend and punish the guilty .

Opposition Members can fully understand why Conservative Members do not want to ask the Prime Minister questions about Government policy , but can you confirm that the purpose and function of Prime Minister 's Question Time is to ask the Prime Minister questions about the performance of his Government ? Opposition Members would welcome the opportunity to debate Government and Opposition policies during the general election campaign , but , given that the Prime Minister does not have the guts to call an election , can you please ensure that , during the few remaining weeks of the Government 's period of office , Prime Minister 's Question Time will be used to ask the Prime Minister questions about Government policy ?
opposition members can fully understand why conservative members do not want to ask the prime minister questions about government policy , but can you confirm that the purpose and [purpose] of prime minister 's question time is to ask the prime minister questions about the performance of his government ? opposition members would welcome the opportunity to debate government and opposition policies during the general election campaign , but , given that the prime minister does not have the guts to call an election , can you please ensure that , during the few remaining weeks of the government 's period of office , prime minister 's question time will be used to ask the prime minister questions about government policy ?

Indeed , when we hold a Conservative party function in Thanet , South , it is not one of those black-tie , celebrity-packed £500-a-plate dinners at the Park Lane hotel which the Labour party holds .
indeed , when we hold a conservative party [purpose] in thanet , south , it is not one of those black-tie , celebrity-packed £500-a-plate dinners at the park lane hotel which the labour party holds .

We had just such a function there last Saturday , where the consensus was that making a living was getting a bit easier , that the economy was startling to move forward , and that , by the time we get round to the season of the darling buds of May , the prospects for Her Majesty 's Government might well be ’ perfick , just perfick ’ .
we had just such a [purpose] there last saturday , where the consensus was that making a living was getting a bit easier , that the economy was startling to move forward , and that , by the time we get round to the season of the darling buds of may , the prospects for her majesty 's government might well be ’ perfick , just perfick ’ .

At a recent anti-slavery function , it was revealed that there are some 50 million bonded labourers , many in India and Pakistan .
at a recent anti-slavery [purpose] , it was revealed that there are some 50 million bonded labourers , many in india and pakistan .

Our council tax forms part of a major undertaking on which we have embarked to reform the structure , funding and function of local government throughout Britain .
our council tax forms part of a major undertaking on which we have embarked to reform the structure , funding and [purpose] of local government throughout britain .

Our view then , which is undiminished today and is at the centre of the debate , is that it ought not to be the function of the social security system to support students , not only because of the administrative burden placed on the Department 's local benefit offices and local authorities , but because there already exists a maintenance system for those in full-time education .
our view then , which is undiminished today and is at the centre of the debate , is that it ought not to be the [purpose] of the social security system to support students , not only because of the administrative burden placed on the department 's local benefit offices and local authorities , but because there already exists a maintenance system for those in full-time education .

We are providing a great deal of advice and training for officials of different carriers — and not merely for British Airways , because we do not expect airline officials to be immigration officers ; that is not their function .
we are providing a great deal of advice and training for officials of different carriers — and not merely for british airways , because we do not expect airline officials to be immigration officers ; that is not their [purpose] .

He also said that they ’ clog up the asylum procedures which can not function normally any longer .
he also said that they ’ clog up the asylum procedures which can not [purpose] normally any longer .

It has no existing direct links to the tunnel and could not function until a high-speed rail link was built , and that could be as late as the next century .
it has no existing direct links to the tunnel and could not [purpose] until a high-speed rail link was built , and that could be as late as the next century .

She stopped dead in her tracks , but Fen continued walking , so that when her brain began to function again , she had to race after him .
she stopped dead in her tracks , but fen continued walking , so that when her brain began to [purpose] again , she had to race after him .

Language still retains a referential function but it also adds something .
language still retains a referential [purpose] but it also adds something .

Wyatt 's articulation of the necessity to stage his identity , even within the ostensible private world of a sonnet , so that he can continue to function within the social world is reiterated by writers whose focus is more distinctly on the public sphere .
wyatt 's articulation of the necessity to stage his identity , even within the ostensible private world of a sonnet , so that he can continue to [purpose] within the social world is reiterated by writers whose focus is more distinctly on the public sphere .

New Historicism is very adept at employing ‘ thick description ’ , a detailed skilful exposition of , usually , some text or document which has been largely critically bypassed previously , but which is shown to have a charged metaphoric function in revealing some facet of Renaissance culture .
new historicism is very adept at employing ‘ thick description ’ , a detailed skilful exposition of , usually , some text or document which has been largely critically bypassed previously , but which is shown to have a charged metaphoric [purpose] in revealing some facet of renaissance culture .

Not for its own sake , naturally , but because apart from any useful function that may be fulfilled , it encourages a proper disregard of Self .
not for its own sake , naturally , but because apart from any useful [purpose] that may be fulfilled , it encourages a proper disregard of self .

However , it is important to appreciate that market coordination could not function in the absence of the other modes of coordination .
however , it is important to appreciate that market coordination could not [purpose] in the absence of the other modes of coordination .

Efficiency provides one important criterion against which to assess how well markets or government perform their allocative function with respect to different types of goods and services .
efficiency provides one important criterion against which to assess how well markets or government perform their allocative [purpose] with respect to different types of goods and services .

From the normative point of view , too , the approach to price theory adopted here sees its function in a way that is not related in any essential manner to the state of affairs at equilibrium .
from the normative point of view , too , the approach to price theory adopted here sees its [purpose] in a way that is not related in any essential manner to the state of affairs at equilibrium .

Weber draws out the defining function of the rules within such organizations , the nature of the bureaucratic career , the internal stratification of authority and other general characteristics .
weber draws out the defining [purpose] of the rules within such organizations , the nature of the bureaucratic career , the internal stratification of authority and other general characteristics .

It ought to function by means of primus groups or semi-autonomous work teams or matrix overlap groups .
it ought to [purpose] by means of primus groups or semi-autonomous work teams or matrix overlap groups .

If we are to make our hierarchies function properly , it is essential to place the emphasis on accountability for getting work done .
if we are to make our hierarchies [purpose] properly , it is essential to place the emphasis on accountability for getting work done .

They function in spite of the system , only because of the enormous professional devotion of their staffs .
they [purpose] in spite of the system , only because of the enormous professional devotion of their staffs .

The complexity of the problems encountered in a particular task , project or strategy is a function of the variables involved — their number , their clarity or ambiguity , the rate at which they change , and , overall the extent to which they are distinct or tangled .
the complexity of the problems encountered in a particular task , project or strategy is a [purpose] of the variables involved — their number , their clarity or ambiguity , the rate at which they change , and , overall the extent to which they are distinct or tangled .

Economic and political socialisation can be usefully conceived as the process that shapes young people 's understanding of , and attitudes towards , the economic and political system in which they live and which enables them to function in it . The initiative will focus particularly on three areas of adolescent development within this domain :
economic and political socialisation can be usefully conceived as the process that shapes young people 's understanding of , and attitudes towards , the economic and political system in which they live and which enables them to [purpose] in it . the initiative will focus particularly on three areas of adolescent development within this domain :

Our general hypothesis , in studying the origins of pointing in babies , is that the ‘ referential ’ function of pointing may precede naming , in the acquisition of speech .
our general hypothesis , in studying the origins of pointing in babies , is that the ‘ referential ’ [purpose] of pointing may precede naming , in the acquisition of speech .

It requires the seen object to be matched with stored memories of the usual appearance of known objects , the retrieval of information about the object 's function and our associations with it , and the retrieval of information about the object 's name .
it requires the seen object to be matched with stored memories of the usual appearance of known objects , the retrieval of information about the object 's [purpose] and our associations with it , and the retrieval of information about the object 's name .

Criticism of the Units is frequently based on research from the 1930 's and 40 's , which demonstrated the severe impairment of psychological function and development in traditionally organized residential institutions .
criticism of the units is frequently based on research from the 1930 's and 40 's , which demonstrated the severe impairment of psychological [purpose] and development in traditionally organized residential institutions .

She lay in a huge , curtained bed and felt the ice around her heart begin to melt , her mind begin to function again .
she lay in a huge , curtained bed and felt the ice around her heart begin to melt , her mind begin to [purpose] again .

Something definitely was going wrong , as if life was draining out secretly through her body and all the parts , empty of blood and strength now , were being gradually drawn down , away from their station and function .
something definitely was going wrong , as if life was draining out secretly through her body and all the parts , empty of blood and strength now , were being gradually drawn down , away from their station and [purpose] .

The time that it takes to perform a search in a system is a function of a number of factors , including the user 's previous experience with the system , aspects of system design and the nature of the search .
the time that it takes to perform a search in a system is a [purpose] of a number of factors , including the user 's previous experience with the system , aspects of system design and the nature of the search .

They can first be divided by the principle or characteristic of function ( into , for example , overcoats , underwear , dresses ) and then further subdivided within these functional groups by other principles or characteristics such as size , price range , material or colour .
they can first be divided by the principle or characteristic of [purpose] ( into , for example , overcoats , underwear , dresses ) and then further subdivided within these functional groups by other principles or characteristics such as size , price range , material or colour .

Since notation has this function of linking various sequences , an acceptable notational system must fulfil certain basic requirements .
since notation has this [purpose] of linking various sequences , an acceptable notational system must fulfil certain basic requirements .

But the most important function of the organization is to provide a mechanism for the revision of the scheme .
but the most important [purpose] of the organization is to provide a mechanism for the revision of the scheme .

The level of specificity that is desirable in any index is a function of the collection being indexed , its use and its patrons .
the level of specificity that is desirable in any index is a [purpose] of the collection being indexed , its use and its patrons .

Qualifiers function as an integral part of the index term , so that terms of the form : are created and used .
qualifiers [purpose] as an integral part of the index term , so that terms of the form : are created and used .

These relationships thus perform the vital function of identifying index terms .
these relationships thus perform the vital [purpose] of identifying index terms .

Nevertheless , a distinction should be made — as Gramsci further indicated by adding that ‘ all men do not have the function of intellectuals in society ’ — between this everyday level of political observation and reflection , and the more systematic and rigorous elaboration of ideas about society and politics which constitutes the principal activity of more specialized intellectual groups .
nevertheless , a distinction should be made — as gramsci further indicated by adding that ‘ all men do not have the [purpose] of intellectuals in society ’ — between this everyday level of political observation and reflection , and the more systematic and rigorous elaboration of ideas about society and politics which constitutes the principal activity of more specialized intellectual groups .

Alex Household performed this function punctiliously , making no comment , but demonstrating a fluency with the lines which contrasted significantly with Michael Banks 's constant breaks for prompts .
alex household performed this [purpose] punctiliously , making no comment , but demonstrating a fluency with the lines which contrasted significantly with michael banks 's constant breaks for prompts .

The situation is simplified if the utility function is homothetic , and that assumption is made in what follows .
the situation is simplified if the utility [purpose] is homothetic , and that assumption is made in what follows .

As before , we assume that demands are generated by an aggregate utility function , which .
as before , we assume that demands are generated by an aggregate utility [purpose] , which .

It is assumed that , which means that the function is concave and that is a possible solution .
it is assumed that , which means that the [purpose] is concave and that is a possible solution .

We assume that all firms have identical cost conditions and , given the symmetry in the utility function , all firms in the industry have the same level of output .
we assume that all firms have identical cost conditions and , given the symmetry in the utility [purpose] , all firms in the industry have the same level of output .

( Because of the special utility function assumed , Differentiating the pricing equations , and letting denote the share in marginal costs ,
( because of the special utility [purpose] assumed , differentiating the pricing equations , and letting denote the share in marginal costs ,

Where there is unemployment ( labour supply rationed ) , the demand side may be represented by the ‘ partial ’ expenditure function with the consumer 's behaviour being determined by where e x denotes the derivative with respect to p x .
where there is unemployment ( labour supply rationed ) , the demand side may be represented by the ‘ partial ’ expenditure [purpose] with the consumer 's behaviour being determined by where e x denotes the derivative with respect to p x .

The former gives , on the right-hand side , the income received , and the latter uses the standard properties of the expenditure function .
the former gives , on the right-hand side , the income received , and the latter uses the standard properties of the expenditure [purpose] .

Whereas in the full employment model the indirect utility function depended only on the prices , it now has to incorporate the quantity constraint .
whereas in the full employment model the indirect utility [purpose] depended only on the prices , it now has to incorporate the quantity constraint .

The rate of growth of capital depends however on the level of savings ( on the equilibrium path , planned savings are equal to planned investment ) ; and whether or not there is convergence to steady state rests on the properties of the savings function .
the rate of growth of capital depends however on the level of savings ( on the equilibrium path , planned savings are equal to planned investment ) ; and whether or not there is convergence to steady state rests on the properties of the savings [purpose] .

In part it is directed at particular features of the standard treatment — notably the assumption of an aggregate production function .
in part it is directed at particular features of the standard treatment — notably the assumption of an aggregate production [purpose] .

In the main part of these Lectures , we work with the ‘ orthodox ’ Solow ( 1956 ) model , in which malleable capital is used to produce a single output according to an aggregate production function , with a higher ratio of capital to labour being associated with a lower competitive rate of profit .
in the main part of these lectures , we work with the ‘ orthodox ’ solow ( 1956 ) model , in which malleable capital is used to produce a single output according to an aggregate production [purpose] , with a higher ratio of capital to labour being associated with a lower competitive rate of profit .

Thus , in Section 8–3 we compare steady-state economies with different tax rates , and use the aggregate production function to relate the differences in capital labour ratios , k , to differences in rates of profit , r .
thus , in section 8–3 we compare steady-state economies with different tax rates , and use the aggregate production [purpose] to relate the differences in capital labour ratios , k , to differences in rates of profit , r .

It is sufficient for the existence of a solution that the production function satisfies the Inada conditions and that .
it is sufficient for the existence of a solution that the production [purpose] satisfies the inada conditions and that .

Within the confines of an equilibrium model , the specification of the savings function needs careful consideration .
within the confines of an equilibrium model , the specification of the savings [purpose] needs careful consideration .

The tax influences the dynamic behaviour of the economy via the savings function and we write .
the tax influences the dynamic behaviour of the economy via the savings [purpose] and we write .

Turning to special forms of the savings function , we can see that the effect is straightforward in the case of the extreme classical savings function ( with no saving out of wages ) .
turning to special forms of the savings [purpose] , we can see that the effect is straightforward in the case of the extreme classical savings [purpose] ( with no saving out of wages ) .

Examine the savings behaviour where accumulation is governed by an infinitely lived ‘ representative ’ individual , who maximizes an additive utility function of per capita consumption at each date , discounted at a fixed pure rate of time preference , but weighted by the population alive at each date .
examine the savings behaviour where accumulation is governed by an infinitely lived ‘ representative ’ individual , who maximizes an additive utility [purpose] of per capita consumption at each date , discounted at a fixed pure rate of time preference , but weighted by the population alive at each date .

Suppose , for example , the rate of technical progress is a function of expenditure on research .
suppose , for example , the rate of technical progress is a [purpose] of expenditure on research .

To see what may happen , consider the case of a Cobb-Douglas production function , as illustrated in Fig .
to see what may happen , consider the case of a cobb-douglas production [purpose] , as illustrated in fig .

The effect of the tax may be explored more fully by using the steady-state condition : ( 8–46 ) where w is a function of k and r is a function of t c and k .
the effect of the tax may be explored more fully by using the steady-state condition : ( 8–46 ) where w is a [purpose] of k and r is a [purpose] of t c and k .

If , for example , the utility function is of the Cobb-Douglas form ( ) , this is clearly positive .
if , for example , the utility [purpose] is of the cobb-douglas form ( ) , this is clearly positive .

( 8–23 ) ) , we can see that the proportional savings function provides a benchmark case .
( 8–23 ) ) , we can see that the proportional savings [purpose] provides a benchmark case .

Hence implies In the proportional savings case , implies a lower steady-state capital labour ratio than b = 0 , but k is not a monotonic function of b ( Phelps and Shell , 1969 ) .
hence implies in the proportional savings case , implies a lower steady-state capital labour ratio than b = 0 , but k is not a monotonic [purpose] of b ( phelps and shell , 1969 ) .

even if there is perfect symmetry in the utility function between antecedents and descendants and no uncertainty , there still may be constraints on the private transfer of income ( wealth ) among generations .
even if there is perfect symmetry in the utility [purpose] between antecedents and descendants and no uncertainty , there still may be constraints on the private transfer of income ( wealth ) among generations .

For instance , if a constant fraction of profits ( and none of wages ) are saved , or if the savings behaviour of the economy can be described in terms of an infinitely-lived representative individual ( with an additive utility function and a fixed rate of pure time preference ) , then in the long run the after-tax rate of return is determined independently of the tax rate .
for instance , if a constant fraction of profits ( and none of wages ) are saved , or if the savings behaviour of the economy can be described in terms of an infinitely-lived representative individual ( with an additive utility [purpose] and a fixed rate of pure time preference ) , then in the long run the after-tax rate of return is determined independently of the tax rate .

The most common treatment of the bequest motive is to assume that bequests enter the lifetime utility function ( e.g .
the most common treatment of the bequest motive is to assume that bequests enter the lifetime utility [purpose] ( e.g .

In the special case where the lifetime utility function is homothetic , bequests are proportional to lifetime wealth : where r and w are assumed constant throughout the lifetime .
in the special case where the lifetime utility [purpose] is homothetic , bequests are proportional to lifetime wealth : where r and w are assumed constant throughout the lifetime .

The motives for bequests have been discussed in Lecture 3 , where we noted that the formulation underlying ( 9–12 ) provides no explanation as to why bequests enter the utility function .
the motives for bequests have been discussed in lecture 3 , where we noted that the formulation underlying ( 9–12 ) provides no explanation as to why bequests enter the utility [purpose] .

Moreover , family size may be a function of capital or income .
moreover , family size may be a [purpose] of capital or income .

This screening function of education is distinct from the human capital function .
this screening [purpose] of education is distinct from the human capital [purpose] .

If we assume that aggregate output is a function of the mean inheritance and mean labour capacity , and that the latter has converged to its equilibrium value ( which we can then normalize at unity , ) , then output per man at time u may be written as .
if we assume that aggregate output is a [purpose] of the mean inheritance and mean labour capacity , and that the latter has converged to its equilibrium value ( which we can then normalize at unity , ) , then output per man at time u may be written as .

We assume that the distribution of income to factors is such that is a declining function and is an increasing function .
we assume that the distribution of income to factors is such that is a declining [purpose] and is an increasing [purpose] .

( 9–26 ) is a declining function of the rate of saving a 3 ( an aspect discussed further below ) .
( 9–26 ) is a declining [purpose] of the rate of saving a 3 ( an aspect discussed further below ) .

Even if it is satisfied , it may be seen that ( with ) the coefficient of variation of consumption is a declining function of a 3 ( from 9–26 ) ) .
even if it is satisfied , it may be seen that ( with ) the coefficient of variation of consumption is a declining [purpose] of a 3 ( from 9–26 ) ) .

If r = n , then it can be seen that the variance of lifetime consumption is definitely a decreasing function of a 3 .
if r = n , then it can be seen that the variance of lifetime consumption is definitely a decreasing [purpose] of a 3 .

These results follow from the fact that , as we have stressed earlier , inheritance serves the function in this model of averaging the random fluctuations in lifetime income .
these results follow from the fact that , as we have stressed earlier , inheritance serves the [purpose] in this model of averaging the random fluctuations in lifetime income .

The first point we may note is that the coefficient of variation of lifetime consumption is ( where finite ) an increasing function of the extent of inheritance .
the first point we may note is that the coefficient of variation of lifetime consumption is ( where finite ) an increasing [purpose] of the extent of inheritance .

The coefficient of variation is an increasing function of a 3 , and when it becomes infinite .
the coefficient of variation is an increasing [purpose] of a 3 , and when it becomes infinite .

Not only is there the question of the availability of data on lifetime income , but also we know little about key relationships of the model such as the bequest function and the intergenerational association of earnings .
not only is there the question of the availability of data on lifetime income , but also we know little about key relationships of the model such as the bequest [purpose] and the intergenerational association of earnings .

Equally , the function of the electoral mechanism is the resolution of conflict ( if there were unanimity , no vote would ever be necessary ) .
equally , the [purpose] of the electoral mechanism is the resolution of conflict ( if there were unanimity , no vote would ever be necessary ) .

Suppose for example that people differ only in pre-tax income , and that the preferred level of public goods is a monotonic ( say , increasing ) function of income .
suppose for example that people differ only in pre-tax income , and that the preferred level of public goods is a monotonic ( say , increasing ) [purpose] of income .

The Arrow Impossibility theorem showed in effect that there exists no social ordering ( social welfare function ) satisfying these conditions , where there are at least three alternatives .
the arrow impossibility theorem showed in effect that there exists no social ordering ( social welfare [purpose] ) satisfying these conditions , where there are at least three alternatives .

The assumption that individuals act out of self-interest , narrowly defined , is of course open to question , and Downs himself sought to explain electoral participation as the basis of ‘ each citizen 's realization that democracy can not function unless many people vote ’ ( Downs , 1957 , p. 274 ) .
the assumption that individuals act out of self-interest , narrowly defined , is of course open to question , and downs himself sought to explain electoral participation as the basis of ‘ each citizen 's realization that democracy can not [purpose] unless many people vote ’ ( downs , 1957 , p. 274 ) .

From a normative point of view , of course , the separation of function is debatable as a principle .
from a normative point of view , of course , the separation of [purpose] is debatable as a principle .

In examining the motives of those in charge of government agencies , the analogy with the private sector has been influential . Just as modern theories of the firm have suggested that the managerial utility function may include the size and rate of growth of output , so too it has been argued ( notably by Niskanen ) that bureaucrats seek to maximize the size of their agency :
in examining the motives of those in charge of government agencies , the analogy with the private sector has been influential . just as modern theories of the firm have suggested that the managerial utility [purpose] may include the size and rate of growth of output , so too it has been argued ( notably by niskanen ) that bureaucrats seek to maximize the size of their agency :

Among the several variables that may enter the bureaucrat 's utility function are the following : salary , perquisites of the office , public reputation , power , patronage , output of the bureau , ease of making changes , and ease of managing the bureau .
among the several variables that may enter the bureaucrat 's utility [purpose] are the following : salary , perquisites of the office , public reputation , power , patronage , output of the bureau , ease of making changes , and ease of managing the bureau .

Thus , the efficiency of workers may be a function of the degree of supervision and of the salary differential ( promotion being assumed to be a reward for efficiency ) .
thus , the efficiency of workers may be a [purpose] of the degree of supervision and of the salary differential ( promotion being assumed to be a reward for efficiency ) .

The individual 's behaviour is a function of the incentive schedule , and the schedule must be designed with this taken into account .
the individual 's behaviour is a [purpose] of the incentive schedule , and the schedule must be designed with this taken into account .

( Moreover , the behaviour of the agency director in designing the schedule is itself a function of the incentives he faces . )
( moreover , the behaviour of the agency director in designing the schedule is itself a [purpose] of the incentives he faces . )

Feeling a bit like a mechanical doll that could n't function without a key , Hilary meekly stood to one side .
feeling a bit like a mechanical doll that could n't [purpose] without a key , hilary meekly stood to one side .

For such a system to function , there has to be a sense of European identity : no citizen of the Union will abide by laws and policies made by institutions which he does not feel to be his own .
for such a system to [purpose] , there has to be a sense of european identity : no citizen of the union will abide by laws and policies made by institutions which he does not feel to be his own .

Both expansions of the European Economic Community led to the central institutions of the Community arguing successfully that , for the enlargement to function , they must be given more powers and the Community ‘ s political union must be strengthened .
both expansions of the european economic community led to the central institutions of the community arguing successfully that , for the enlargement to [purpose] , they must be given more powers and the community ‘ s political union must be strengthened .

Today , predictably , the Commission takes the same line , asserting that ‘ an enlarged Community will not be able to function effectively without major institutional change .
today , predictably , the commission takes the same line , asserting that ‘ an enlarged community will not be able to [purpose] effectively without major institutional change .

and the average expectations elicited from the surveys in a particular market appear biased and inefficient , only a few ‘ sophisticated ’ individuals operating in that market could make the market function as if rational expectations were operating , even though many of the individuals operating in the market are not behaving rationally .
and the average expectations elicited from the surveys in a particular market appear biased and inefficient , only a few ‘ sophisticated ’ individuals operating in that market could make the market [purpose] as if rational expectations were operating , even though many of the individuals operating in the market are not behaving rationally .

As an example , take the consumption function model discussed in sections 3.2 and 3.3 .
as an example , take the consumption [purpose] model discussed in sections 3.2 and 3.3 .

The simple consumption function model used above to illustrate the idea of restrictions can also be used to illustrate certain other issues in the econometrics of rational expectations .
the simple consumption [purpose] model used above to illustrate the idea of restrictions can also be used to illustrate certain other issues in the econometrics of rational expectations .

Later we devote a full chapter to the application of rational expectations to the theory and estimation of the aggregate consumption function .
later we devote a full chapter to the application of rational expectations to the theory and estimation of the aggregate consumption [purpose] .

We can thus rewrite the demand function , equation ( 4.2 ) , as
we can thus rewrite the demand [purpose] , equation ( 4.2 ) , as

Thus aggregate output is equal to its natural rate , β and some positive function of the difference between actual and expected inflation .
thus aggregate output is equal to its natural rate , β and some positive [purpose] of the difference between actual and expected inflation .

Another , and more important , possible change of specification concerns the relative price term which enters the supply function .
another , and more important , possible change of specification concerns the relative price term which enters the supply [purpose] .

If supply is modelled as a function of this ‘ intertemporal ’ relative price term , one implication is that a permanent rise in the rate of growth of aggregate demand and hence in the rate of inflation may permanently reduce the quantity of output supplied , since it permanently reduces the real rate of return on holding the proceeds from sales in the form of money .
if supply is modelled as a [purpose] of this ‘ intertemporal ’ relative price term , one implication is that a permanent rise in the rate of growth of aggregate demand and hence in the rate of inflation may permanently reduce the quantity of output supplied , since it permanently reduces the real rate of return on holding the proceeds from sales in the form of money .

The first modification is to respecify the relative price term in the supply function as and allow a similar term to influence demand ; the second is to respecify the major influence on aggregate demand as where is the expectation of the change in the money stock between periods t and t + 1 .
the first modification is to respecify the relative price term in the supply [purpose] as and allow a similar term to influence demand ; the second is to respecify the major influence on aggregate demand as where is the expectation of the change in the money stock between periods t and t + 1 .

Equation ( 5.4 ) is a respecification of the process driving the quantity of money : it assumes that the quantity of money in period t equals its value in period t - 1 plus a constant , g , plus a function of the shocks to aggregate demand in periods t - 1 and t - 2 .
equation ( 5.4 ) is a respecification of the process driving the quantity of money : it assumes that the quantity of money in period t equals its value in period t - 1 plus a constant , g , plus a [purpose] of the shocks to aggregate demand in periods t - 1 and t - 2 .

For example , if we had assumed in the above model that where is a fraction , then the optimum value for γ 2 would be a complex function of and .
for example , if we had assumed in the above model that where is a fraction , then the optimum value for γ 2 would be a complex [purpose] of and .

Since the expected value of next period 's money supply enters the current demand function , and since demanders are assumed to know the value of t , it follows that , in general , demand will be immunized from the influence of t .
since the expected value of next period 's money supply enters the current demand [purpose] , and since demanders are assumed to know the value of t , it follows that , in general , demand will be immunized from the influence of t .

We further assume that the demand for labour is a function of the real wage so that we can write where n t is the logarithm of the demand for labour or the level of employment at time t t w t is the logarithm of the nominal wage rate at time t t p t is the logarithm of the price level at time t t and α is a positive constant .
we further assume that the demand for labour is a [purpose] of the real wage so that we can write where n t is the logarithm of the demand for labour or the level of employment at time t t w t is the logarithm of the nominal wage rate at time t t p t is the logarithm of the price level at time t t and α is a positive constant .

Given the existence of an aggregate production function of the form , an expression for the logarithm of output can be obtained by substituting equation ( 5.29 ) into equation ( 5.28 ) and then substituting the resulting equation into the production function .
given the existence of an aggregate production [purpose] of the form , an expression for the logarithm of output can be obtained by substituting equation ( 5.29 ) into equation ( 5.28 ) and then substituting the resulting equation into the production [purpose] .

Now assume a simple aggregate demand function of the following form : where m t is the logarithm of the money supply in period t ; and v t is an aggregate demand shock .
now assume a simple aggregate demand [purpose] of the following form : where m t is the logarithm of the money supply in period t ; and v t is an aggregate demand shock .

Given an aggregate production function of the form we can substitute the relevant rows of equation ( 5.37 ) into equation ( 5.36 ) , and substitute the resulting expressions into the production function to give : where we again have assumed for simplicity that αβ = 1 .
given an aggregate production [purpose] of the form we can substitute the relevant rows of equation ( 5.37 ) into equation ( 5.36 ) , and substitute the resulting expressions into the production [purpose] to give : where we again have assumed for simplicity that αβ = 1 .

Formally , we could write a simple version of that model ( see , for example , equation ( 4.14 ) as where y t is the aggregate real output , is the natural level of output , v t is the unpredictable component of aggregate demand , is the variance of v , is the variance of the relative demand shocks , and is a function explained below , the value of which is positive .
formally , we could write a simple version of that model ( see , for example , equation ( 4.14 ) as where y t is the aggregate real output , is the natural level of output , v t is the unpredictable component of aggregate demand , is the variance of v , is the variance of the relative demand shocks , and is a [purpose] explained below , the value of which is positive .

This represents a quadratic potential function .
this represents a quadratic potential [purpose] .

However , Function ( 5.5 ) can not possibly be a true representation of the potential energy associated with a real displacement χ = r — r e of a bond between two atoms .
however , [purpose] ( 5.5 ) can not possibly be a true representation of the potential energy associated with a real displacement χ = r — r e of a bond between two atoms .

The energy levels for a Morse function are illustrated in Fig. 5.3(b) .
the energy levels for a morse [purpose] are illustrated in fig. 5.3(b) .

It can be shown that any function capable of representing the variation of potential energy with displacement will lead to energy levels representable by a power series in
it can be shown that any [purpose] capable of representing the variation of potential energy with displacement will lead to energy levels representable by a power series in

The use of a tunable laser may be helpful , as excitation profiles , which show the intensity of resonance-enhancement as a function of exciting frequency , may allow overlapping electronic bands to be distinguished from each other .
the use of a tunable laser may be helpful , as excitation profiles , which show the intensity of resonance-enhancement as a [purpose] of exciting frequency , may allow overlapping electronic bands to be distinguished from each other .

The observation of a progression enables the vibrational potential function to be specified over a wide range of the quantum number ν .
the observation of a progression enables the vibrational potential [purpose] to be specified over a wide range of the quantum number ν .

To understand the consequences of this constraint , we must look at the potential function of the ion .
to understand the consequences of this constraint , we must look at the potential [purpose] of the ion .

The minimum in the potential function will therefore be at a shorter internuclear distance , and the vibration frequency will be higher than for the molecule .
the minimum in the potential [purpose] will therefore be at a shorter internuclear distance , and the vibration frequency will be higher than for the molecule .

The minimum in the potential function is at a greater internuclear distance , and the vibration frequency is lower .
the minimum in the potential [purpose] is at a greater internuclear distance , and the vibration frequency is lower .

If the potential function of the ion shows no minimum , but a continuous decrease in energy with increasing internuclear distance , there are no discrete vibrational levels ; can take a continuous range of values , giving a broad band .
if the potential [purpose] of the ion shows no minimum , but a continuous decrease in energy with increasing internuclear distance , there are no discrete vibrational levels ; can take a continuous range of values , giving a broad band .

This hazard function approach measured the impact of key exogenous variables , such as unemployment benefits , on unemployment duration .
this hazard [purpose] approach measured the impact of key exogenous variables , such as unemployment benefits , on unemployment duration .

( ii ) This is assumed to be a log function .
( ii ) this is assumed to be a log [purpose] .

( iii ) This function measures the leisure value of being unemployed relative to being employed .
( iii ) this [purpose] measures the leisure value of being unemployed relative to being employed .

From the data and assumed values for µ and we can now solve the above equations ( 1 ) to ( 4 ) for optimal reservation wages ζ , . Define this function as
from the data and assumed values for µ and we can now solve the above equations ( 1 ) to ( 4 ) for optimal reservation wages ζ , . define this [purpose] as

Following the derivation in Lancaster ( 1985a ) , we assume that the observed hazard function is and not ( as given by ( 8 ) and ( 9 ) ) , where The unobservable random error is assumed to be a positive random variable with unit mean , variance and density .
following the derivation in lancaster ( 1985a ) , we assume that the observed hazard [purpose] is and not ( as given by ( 8 ) and ( 9 ) ) , where the unobservable random error is assumed to be a positive random variable with unit mean , variance and density .

Then , the unconditional survivor function is where , is the integrated hazard function .
then , the unconditional survivor [purpose] is where , is the integrated hazard [purpose] .

When looking at the changes in this offer probabilities over the assumed two period , notice that the former probability is a function of all variables , not just demand , that may affect the individual 's search intensity .
when looking at the changes in this offer probabilities over the assumed two period , notice that the former probability is a [purpose] of all variables , not just demand , that may affect the individual 's search intensity .

Leisure function
leisure [purpose]

( 1 ) Our model permitted the hazard function to vary over the duration with changes differing across individuals , in contrast to standard reduced form models which restricted to uniformity for all individuals , ceteris paribus .
( 1 ) our model permitted the hazard [purpose] to vary over the duration with changes differing across individuals , in contrast to standard reduced form models which restricted to uniformity for all individuals , ceteris paribus .

Suppose that the total utility v of a union member in employment can be represented by the following additively separable function : where r denotes reputation from membership , and the superscript i denotes the individual .
suppose that the total utility v of a union member in employment can be represented by the following additively separable [purpose] : where r denotes reputation from membership , and the superscript i denotes the individual .

( ii ) Iso-elastic industry-specific demand shocks have no effect on union wages or membership , but employment will be affected . However , in the less restrictive situation where the firm 's revenue function is not iso-elastic , a sufficient condition for union wages and membership to move procyclically is that
( ii ) iso-elastic industry-specific demand shocks have no effect on union wages or membership , but employment will be affected . however , in the less restrictive situation where the firm 's revenue [purpose] is not iso-elastic , a sufficient condition for union wages and membership to move procyclically is that

The action chosen by the long-lived agent in each period is a linear function of its type .
the action chosen by the long-lived agent in each period is a linear [purpose] of its type .

We assume ( following the literature ) that the firm knows the objective distribution of the output price , and the cost function it faces .
we assume ( following the literature ) that the firm knows the objective distribution of the output price , and the cost [purpose] it faces .

As all subjects had the same cost function and the same mean for the price distribution , the comparative static propositions tested in this experiment concern the standard deviation of the price distribution , σ , and the ( per unit ) storage cost , k .
as all subjects had the same cost [purpose] and the same mean for the price distribution , the comparative static propositions tested in this experiment concern the standard deviation of the price distribution , σ , and the ( per unit ) storage cost , k .

In addition , we know that output is a decreasing function of time ( to the horizon ) , so we can express the various comparative static predictions in the form :
in addition , we know that output is a decreasing [purpose] of time ( to the horizon ) , so we can express the various comparative static predictions in the form :

The intuition is straightforward : optimal output is a decreasing function of time since the expected price on sales is a decreasing function of time ; optimal output is an increasing function of σ since the more variation there is in output price the higher is the expected price on sales ( recall that sales are made only when the price is sufficiently high ) ; optimal output is a decreasing function of the ( per unit ) storage cost since the more expensive it is to store the less attractive is storing .
the intuition is straightforward : optimal output is a decreasing [purpose] of time since the expected price on sales is a decreasing [purpose] of time ; optimal output is an increasing [purpose] of σ since the more variation there is in output price the higher is the expected price on sales ( recall that sales are made only when the price is sufficiently high ) ; optimal output is a decreasing [purpose] of the ( per unit ) storage cost since the more expensive it is to store the less attractive is storing .

This specification implies both homogeneity and homotheticity , although strictly there is no reason to impose either given that Courakis ( 1989 ) demonstrates that both only arise from particular forms of the investor 's underlying utility function .
this specification implies both homogeneity and homotheticity , although strictly there is no reason to impose either given that courakis ( 1989 ) demonstrates that both only arise from particular forms of the investor 's underlying utility [purpose] .

This is because the change in the stock in the current quarter ( ) consists of revaluations ( which are a function of the change in asset prices over the quarter ) and new purchases which are a function of expected gains from the time of purchase rather than simply from the end of the current quarter .
this is because the change in the stock in the current quarter ( ) consists of revaluations ( which are a [purpose] of the change in asset prices over the quarter ) and new purchases which are a [purpose] of expected gains from the time of purchase rather than simply from the end of the current quarter .

The elasticity of substitution would normally be defined as : which gives a fourth relation between the parameters when set equal to an external estimate of a . However , as Dixit ( 1987 ) notes , equations ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) in general define the ratio as a function of the vector and not in terms of In order for to be a function of , at least locally , the parameters must satisfy the following final expression : Given the definition of ta ; a in ( 10 ) and using equations ( 1 ) , ( 2 ) , and ( 11 ) , the final expression for the elasticity of substitution can be derived as :
the elasticity of substitution would normally be defined as : which gives a fourth relation between the parameters when set equal to an external estimate of a . however , as dixit ( 1987 ) notes , equations ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) in general define the ratio as a [purpose] of the vector and not in terms of in order for to be a [purpose] of , at least locally , the parameters must satisfy the following final expression : given the definition of ta ; a in ( 10 ) and using equations ( 1 ) , ( 2 ) , and ( 11 ) , the final expression for the elasticity of substitution can be derived as :

The profits function , of a typical dominant firm is : where q 1 is its output , p 1 , and c 1 being its selling price and costs respectively .
the profits [purpose] , of a typical dominant firm is : where q 1 is its output , p 1 , and c 1 being its selling price and costs respectively .

It should be noted that the profits of the blenders have been excluded from the welfare function since the policies were aimed exclusively at protecting the dominant firms and also the blenders are being treated as import agents .
it should be noted that the profits of the blenders have been excluded from the welfare [purpose] since the policies were aimed exclusively at protecting the dominant firms and also the blenders are being treated as import agents .

Essentially , the domestic firm will know the response of its competitor as the foreign firm 's reaction function will be kinked where the quota is binding .
essentially , the domestic firm will know the response of its competitor as the foreign firm 's reaction [purpose] will be kinked where the quota is binding .

Whether the clays remain as discrete particles or cluster together to form flocs or aggregates with diameters much larger than the individual component particles is often a function of these waters .
whether the clays remain as discrete particles or cluster together to form flocs or aggregates with diameters much larger than the individual component particles is often a [purpose] of these waters .

Although Bagnold ( 1941 ) suggested that wind blown sands , which deviated from log-normality , might have some other probability function , it was not until recently that his suggested log-hyperbolic distribution has been closely examined as an alternative ( Barndorff-Nielsen , 1977 ; Bagnold & Barndorff-Nielsen , 1980 ; Wyrwoll & smyth , 1985 ) .
although bagnold ( 1941 ) suggested that wind blown sands , which deviated from log-normality , might have some other probability [purpose] , it was not until recently that his suggested log-hyperbolic distribution has been closely examined as an alternative ( barndorff-nielsen , 1977 ; bagnold & barndorff-nielsen , 1980 ; wyrwoll & smyth , 1985 ) .

The distribution has been examined principally within the context of wind blown dune sands ( Bagnold & Barndorff-Nielsen , 1980 ; Christiansen , 1984 ) for which it was claimed the hyperbolic function encompassed the extreme values of the size distribution tails better than the log-normal plot .
the distribution has been examined principally within the context of wind blown dune sands ( bagnold & barndorff-nielsen , 1980 ; christiansen , 1984 ) for which it was claimed the hyperbolic [purpose] encompassed the extreme values of the size distribution tails better than the log-normal plot .

However , comparative studies of Wyrwoll & smyth ( 1985 ) , who suggested that the ‘ improved ’ performance may be partly a function of shape-influenced deficiencies in the sieving technique , led to the conclusion that only a marginal improvement in fitting over the log-normal curve was achieved .
however , comparative studies of wyrwoll & smyth ( 1985 ) , who suggested that the ‘ improved ’ performance may be partly a [purpose] of shape-influenced deficiencies in the sieving technique , led to the conclusion that only a marginal improvement in fitting over the log-normal curve was achieved .

But life , as Harry had learned , did not function according to the principles of wish-fulfilment .
but life , as harry had learned , did not [purpose] according to the principles of wish-fulfilment .

For several seconds , his brain refused to function , resisting all his efforts to impose the reassuring certainties of time and place .
for several seconds , his brain refused to [purpose] , resisting all his efforts to impose the reassuring certainties of time and place .

Its function as banker to the government and to the monetary sector .
its [purpose] as banker to the government and to the monetary sector .

Notice firstly that for accounting purposes the Bank 's function as the issuer of currency notes is shown separately from its banking activities .
notice firstly that for accounting purposes the bank 's [purpose] as the issuer of currency notes is shown separately from its banking activities .

The second function which gives the Bank power to influence financial markets derives from its management of the National Debt .
the second [purpose] which gives the bank power to influence financial markets derives from its management of the national debt .

Its first important function as a bank is as banker to the government .
its first important [purpose] as a bank is as banker to the government .

In addition to containing the Banking Department of the Bank of England , the monetary sector includes a very large number of institutions whose principal function is to take deposits and to make loans .
in addition to containing the banking department of the bank of england , the monetary sector includes a very large number of institutions whose principal [purpose] is to take deposits and to make loans .

In this sense they function as ‘ banks ’ even though , as we shall see later in this section , they differ in numerous respects .
in this sense they [purpose] as ‘ banks ’ even though , as we shall see later in this section , they differ in numerous respects .

As the term ‘ clearing ’ implies , these are banks whose obvious function is to provide a money transmission service using the cheque-clearing system .
as the term ‘ clearing ’ implies , these are banks whose obvious [purpose] is to provide a money transmission service using the cheque-clearing system .

Their function is to act as a ‘ buffer ’ between the rest of the monetary sector and the Bank of England .
their [purpose] is to act as a ‘ buffer ’ between the rest of the monetary sector and the bank of england .

As their name implies , merchant banks ' function is to finance trade .
as their name implies , merchant banks ' [purpose] is to finance trade .

Their banking function consists largely of accepting ‘ wholesale ’ deposits for a fixed term and lending them in large amounts to firms , also for a fixed term .
their banking [purpose] consists largely of accepting ‘ wholesale ’ deposits for a fixed term and lending them in large amounts to firms , also for a fixed term .

Alternatively , we may say that for a given level of benefit , the premium will be determined by the risk , or more briefly still , that the premium : benefit ratio is a function of risk .
alternatively , we may say that for a given level of benefit , the premium will be determined by the risk , or more briefly still , that the premium : benefit ratio is a [purpose] of risk .

This means , of course , that life insurance companies , while obviously offering products that are distinct by virtue of their pure insurance element , are to some extent in competition with other intermediaries whose function is mainly to attract savings .
this means , of course , that life insurance companies , while obviously offering products that are distinct by virtue of their pure insurance element , are to some extent in competition with other intermediaries whose [purpose] is mainly to attract savings .

Briefly then , what we found in section 4.1 and have summarised here , is that building societies form the largest group of intermediaries but their function is almost exclusively one of channelling funds between surplus and deficit units within the personal sector .
briefly then , what we found in section 4.1 and have summarised here , is that building societies form the largest group of intermediaries but their [purpose] is almost exclusively one of channelling funds between surplus and deficit units within the personal sector .

Accepting bills was once the principal function of those merchant banks who are still referred to as acceptance houses ( see section 3.3 ) ; it is now carried out by a large number of banks .
accepting bills was once the principal [purpose] of those merchant banks who are still referred to as acceptance houses ( see section 3.3 ) ; it is now carried out by a large number of banks .

Given the size of the deposits and the other terms and conditions , local authority deposits are bound to function for lenders as an alternative to deposits in the inter-bank market .
given the size of the deposits and the other terms and conditions , local authority deposits are bound to [purpose] for lenders as an alternative to deposits in the inter-bank market .

Without them the heart can not function , however much it rules them .
without them the heart can not [purpose] , however much it rules them .

It replaced the Board of Education with a Ministry of Education , and gave the Minister at the head of this a creative rather than a merely controlling function , charging him or her with promoting education in England and Wales .
it replaced the board of education with a ministry of education , and gave the minister at the head of this a creative rather than a merely controlling [purpose] , charging him or her with promoting education in england and wales .

Scotland has 16 Central Institutions , which are similar in function to polytechnics in England and Wales , though they have always been controlled centrally by the Scottish Education Department rather than by local education authorities .
scotland has 16 central institutions , which are similar in [purpose] to polytechnics in england and wales , though they have always been controlled centrally by the scottish education department rather than by local education authorities .

The LEAs in England and Wales are subsidiaries of the wider local councils and function through education committees .
the leas in england and wales are subsidiaries of the wider local councils and [purpose] through education committees .

The chancellor is the titular head of a university , with a purely ceremonial function , notably in conferring degrees .
the chancellor is the titular head of a university , with a purely ceremonial [purpose] , notably in conferring degrees .

The Pacta Conventa which the nobility imposed on each newly elected king of Poland performed , on a much more important scale , a similar function .
the pacta conventa which the nobility imposed on each newly elected king of poland performed , on a much more important scale , a similar [purpose] .

This function they performed only in a limited and highly conservative way ; but there was hardly any other institution in France which could perform it at all .
this [purpose] they performed only in a limited and highly conservative way ; but there was hardly any other institution in france which could perform it at all .

In France and Spain , and to a lesser extent in Britain , it was widely believed that the most important function of a fleet was not to seek out and destroy that of the enemy but to protect the colonies and seaborne trade of the State to which it belonged and capture or harass those of its opponents .
in france and spain , and to a lesser extent in britain , it was widely believed that the most important [purpose] of a fleet was not to seek out and destroy that of the enemy but to protect the colonies and seaborne trade of the state to which it belonged and capture or harass those of its opponents .

One consequence of the primacy of the metric equation is that the Gaussian curvature is a function of the coefficients in the metric equation .
one consequence of the primacy of the metric equation is that the gaussian curvature is a [purpose] of the coefficients in the metric equation .

The components of a conservative force are given by where φ is the potential , which is a scalar function of position only .
the components of a conservative force are given by where φ is the potential , which is a scalar [purpose] of position only .

It was because of the possibility of literary devices losing their defamiliarizing capacity that the distinction between device and function was introduced .
it was because of the possibility of literary devices losing their defamiliarizing capacity that the distinction between device and [purpose] was introduced .

The defamiliarizing effect of a device does not depend on its existence as a device , but on its function in the work in which it appears .
the defamiliarizing effect of a device does not depend on its existence as a device , but on its [purpose] in the work in which it appears .

The same device may be used for a variety of potential functions , just as different devices may share a single function .
the same device may be used for a variety of potential functions , just as different devices may share a single [purpose] .

In the earlier view a work was regarded as a more or less arbitrarily agglomerated collection of defamiliarizing devices , but now it becomes important to see it as an entity , a structure or a system where it is the system which determines what the function of a given device will be , whether it will be foregrounded or automatized .
in the earlier view a work was regarded as a more or less arbitrarily agglomerated collection of defamiliarizing devices , but now it becomes important to see it as an entity , a structure or a system where it is the system which determines what the [purpose] of a given device will be , whether it will be foregrounded or automatized .

Indeed Jakobson went so far as to claim , ‘ Neither Tynyanov , nor Shklovsky , nor Mukařovský , nor 1 have declared that art is a closed sphere … What we emphasize is not the separation of art , but the autonomy of the aesthetic function ’ ( O'Toole and Shukman 1977 : 19 ) .
indeed jakobson went so far as to claim , ‘ neither tynyanov , nor shklovsky , nor mukařovský , nor 1 have declared that art is a closed sphere … what we emphasize is not the separation of art , but the autonomy of the aesthetic [purpose] ’ ( o'toole and shukman 1977 : 19 ) .

It is this autonomy , the dominance of the aesthetic function over the other elements in a work , which justifies the existence of a literary science .
it is this autonomy , the dominance of the aesthetic [purpose] over the other elements in a work , which justifies the existence of a literary science .

One could ask , therefore , what role is ascribed in Formalist theory to the author , on whom biographical criticism had been based ; what had become of the reality which mimetic and historically orientated theories had placed at the centre of their concerns ; and finally what function it gives to thought , which had been the focus of philosophically biased criticisms .
one could ask , therefore , what role is ascribed in formalist theory to the author , on whom biographical criticism had been based ; what had become of the reality which mimetic and historically orientated theories had placed at the centre of their concerns ; and finally what [purpose] it gives to thought , which had been the focus of philosophically biased criticisms .

All this rules out any causative connection between biography and literature , but there are cases where the Formalists allow biography a legitimate literary function .
all this rules out any causative connection between biography and literature , but there are cases where the formalists allow biography a legitimate literary [purpose] .

And where a work appears to refer to some external reality ( where the flowers seem , as it were , to be present ) the Formalists would regard this as a mere side-effect of the aesthetic function .
and where a work appears to refer to some external reality ( where the flowers seem , as it were , to be present ) the formalists would regard this as a mere side-effect of the aesthetic [purpose] .

Briefly put , Russian Formalism did away with the distinction between form and content , and in its interest in form succeeded in attributing a totally new function to it .
briefly put , russian formalism did away with the distinction between form and content , and in its interest in form succeeded in attributing a totally new [purpose] to it .

For example , the word sardine in a poem would cease to function as a substitute for the thing itself , and instead its linguistic features would be ‘ maximally foregrounded ’ .
for example , the word sardine in a poem would cease to [purpose] as a substitute for the thing itself , and instead its linguistic features would be ‘ maximally foregrounded ’ .

And , even more importantly , the Formalists differ radically from the Anglo-Americans on the way in which they relate poetic ambiguity to ordinary language , and it is through this differential function , and not by means of mere conformity and intensification that poetry heightens and enriches ordinary communication .
and , even more importantly , the formalists differ radically from the anglo-americans on the way in which they relate poetic ambiguity to ordinary language , and it is through this differential [purpose] , and not by means of mere conformity and intensification that poetry heightens and enriches ordinary communication .

Image , hyperbole , parallelism , comparison , repetition or any other trope are potentially all equally effective in committing poetic violence on ordinary language , and it is this differential function and not any inherent quality that constitutes their interest for Russian Formalism .
image , hyperbole , parallelism , comparison , repetition or any other trope are potentially all equally effective in committing poetic violence on ordinary language , and it is this differential [purpose] and not any inherent quality that constitutes their interest for russian formalism .

Form is made perceptible against a background of existing literary form , and the function of a device is determined not just by the structural hierarchy of a particular work , but by its place in the literary system as a whole .
form is made perceptible against a background of existing literary form , and the [purpose] of a device is determined not just by the structural hierarchy of a particular work , but by its place in the literary system as a whole .

Nineteenth-century linguistics was mainly interested in the ways in which languages change across the ages ; modern ‘ structural ’ linguistics prefers , in contrast , to concentrate on the ways in which they function for purposes of communication .
nineteenth-century linguistics was mainly interested in the ways in which languages change across the ages ; modern ‘ structural ’ linguistics prefers , in contrast , to concentrate on the ways in which they [purpose] for purposes of communication .

Saussure 's answer is that the function of the sign depends exclusively on its relationship with , or more exactly its difference from , other signs .
saussure 's answer is that the [purpose] of the sign depends exclusively on its relationship with , or more exactly its difference from , other signs .

Language is not an agglomeration of separate facts but a closed system , in the sense that the function of each element depends entirely on its position within the whole .
language is not an agglomeration of separate facts but a closed system , in the sense that the [purpose] of each element depends entirely on its position within the whole .

Both theories entail a shift of attention away from considerations of origin or cause to those of function or effect ; neither is as much interested in the ways in which language reflects reality , as in the ways in which it shapes our perception of things ; both attach central importance to the concepts of system and difference .
both theories entail a shift of attention away from considerations of origin or cause to those of [purpose] or effect ; neither is as much interested in the ways in which language reflects reality , as in the ways in which it shapes our perception of things ; both attach central importance to the concepts of system and difference .

The Prague School : structure and function
the prague school : structure and [purpose]

It was observed in the last chapter that the Prague School 's views on literature and literary study were substantially those of the Formalists , but the Formalists ' influence has owed a great deal to the shape that the Prague School gave to their theory , in particular to the Prague School 's use of the concepts of structure and function .
it was observed in the last chapter that the prague school 's views on literature and literary study were substantially those of the formalists , but the formalists ' influence has owed a great deal to the shape that the prague school gave to their theory , in particular to the prague school 's use of the concepts of structure and [purpose] .

The Prague School explained the difference between literary ( or poetic ) and non-literary structures through an extension of the Formalist concept of function — hence the definition of the poetic text as a ‘ functional structure ’ .
the prague school explained the difference between literary ( or poetic ) and non-literary structures through an extension of the formalist concept of [purpose] — hence the definition of the poetic text as a ‘ functional structure ’ .

The function consists in the message 's focus on , its orientation or ‘ set ’ towards one or another of these factors ( 1960 : 353–7 ) .
the [purpose] consists in the message 's focus on , its orientation or ‘ set ’ towards one or another of these factors ( 1960 : 353–7 ) .

The focus on the addresser , for instance a speaker or an author , constitutes the emotive function , that of expressing the addresser 's attitudes or feelings ; the focus on the addressee or receiver , the conative function , that of influencing the feelings or attitudes of the addressee ; the focus on the context , the real , external situation in which the message occurs , the referential function ; the focus on the code , as when a message elucidates a point of grammar , the metalingual function ; the focus on the means of contact , as in the case , say , of expressions inserted by one party into a telephone conversation simply in order to reassure the other party that they are both still on the line , the phatic function ; the focus on the message itself , the poetic function .
the focus on the addresser , for instance a speaker or an author , constitutes the emotive [purpose] , that of expressing the addresser 's attitudes or feelings ; the focus on the addressee or receiver , the conative [purpose] , that of influencing the feelings or attitudes of the addressee ; the focus on the context , the real , external situation in which the message occurs , the referential [purpose] ; the focus on the code , as when a message elucidates a point of grammar , the metalingual [purpose] ; the focus on the means of contact , as in the case , say , of expressions inserted by one party into a telephone conversation simply in order to reassure the other party that they are both still on the line , the phatic [purpose] ; the focus on the message itself , the poetic [purpose] .

The advantage of this concept of function is that it avoids absolute distinctions between one kind of text and another .
the advantage of this concept of [purpose] is that it avoids absolute distinctions between one kind of text and another .

If the poetic function is dominant , then the message can be described as ‘ poetic ’ , or ‘ aesthetic ’ or ‘ literary ’ , or ‘ artistic ’ .
if the poetic [purpose] is dominant , then the message can be described as ‘ poetic ’ , or ‘ aesthetic ’ or ‘ literary ’ , or ‘ artistic ’ .

But this does not prevent other functions from being present , lower down in the hierarchy , in texts in which the poetic function is dominant ; equally , the poetic function may be present in texts which are mainly expressive or referential .
but this does not prevent other functions from being present , lower down in the hierarchy , in texts in which the poetic [purpose] is dominant ; equally , the poetic [purpose] may be present in texts which are mainly expressive or referential .

Jakobson , however , proposes a different ‘ empirical linguistic criterion ’ for the definition of the poetic function : ‘ The poetic function projects the principle of equivalence from the axis of selection into the axis of combination .
jakobson , however , proposes a different ‘ empirical linguistic criterion ’ for the definition of the poetic [purpose] : ‘ the poetic [purpose] projects the principle of equivalence from the axis of selection into the axis of combination .

While the relationship between the items present in the sequence ( Saussure 's syntagmatic relationships ) is one of contiguity , the relationship between those not present in it ( Saussure 's associative relationships ) is one of the similarity or equivalence , in the sense that the items perform an equivalent function and can therefore replace one another .
while the relationship between the items present in the sequence ( saussure 's syntagmatic relationships ) is one of contiguity , the relationship between those not present in it ( saussure 's associative relationships ) is one of the similarity or equivalence , in the sense that the items perform an equivalent [purpose] and can therefore replace one another .

Since he has shown this sort of network to be discernible in a wide range of different kinds of poetry , and since it is hard to imagine that it could also be found in non-poetic language , there seems to be a strong prima facie case for accepting his argument that the principle of equivalence provides an objective criterion for identifying the poetic function .
since he has shown this sort of network to be discernible in a wide range of different kinds of poetry , and since it is hard to imagine that it could also be found in non-poetic language , there seems to be a strong prima facie case for accepting his argument that the principle of equivalence provides an objective criterion for identifying the poetic [purpose] .

The important question , though , is not so much whether such features are or are not objectively present , but what significance and function one should assign to them if they are .
the important question , though , is not so much whether such features are or are not objectively present , but what significance and [purpose] one should assign to them if they are .

‘ Similarity superimposed on contiguity imparts to poetry its thoroughgoing symbolic , multiplex , polysemantic essence … The supremacy of the poetic function over the referential function does not obliterate the message but makes it ambiguous … ’ ( pp .
‘ similarity superimposed on contiguity imparts to poetry its thoroughgoing symbolic , multiplex , polysemantic essence … the supremacy of the poetic [purpose] over the referential [purpose] does not obliterate the message but makes it ambiguous … ’ ( pp .

But it needs to be borne in mind that such connections are not an automatic or necessary consequence of the formal structure of the poetry ; they are the result of the reader 's bringing his own sensibility and experience to bear on the text , and interpreting it in the light of his own conscious or unconscious idea of the nature and function of literature .
but it needs to be borne in mind that such connections are not an automatic or necessary consequence of the formal structure of the poetry ; they are the result of the reader 's bringing his own sensibility and experience to bear on the text , and interpreting it in the light of his own conscious or unconscious idea of the nature and [purpose] of literature .

Like Jakobson , he believes that literary language can be analyzed objectively and exactly , though rather than speaking of its ‘ poetic ’ function , he opts for the term ‘ stylistic ’ function instead .
like jakobson , he believes that literary language can be analyzed objectively and exactly , though rather than speaking of its ‘ poetic ’ [purpose] , he opts for the term ‘ stylistic ’ [purpose] instead .

Like Jakobson 's ‘ poetic ’ function , Riffaterre 's ‘ stylistic ’ function consists in the ‘ set ’ towards the message .
like jakobson 's ‘ poetic ’ [purpose] , riffaterre 's ‘ stylistic ’ [purpose] consists in the ‘ set ’ towards the message .

The symbolic or referential function uses words to talk about the objective world , to point to things , as Richards puts it .
the symbolic or referential [purpose] uses words to talk about the objective world , to point to things , as richards puts it .

The emotive function uses words to evoke subjective feelings or attitudes , by means of the associations that words carry with them .
the emotive [purpose] uses words to evoke subjective feelings or attitudes , by means of the associations that words carry with them .

He thus comes close to Formalist/structuralist theory in denying the referential function of poetry , but differs significantly from it in his identification of the emotive with the poetic use of language ; for Jakobson , it will be remembered , the emotive or what Jakobson calls the conative and the poetic are quite distinct .
he thus comes close to formalist/structuralist theory in denying the referential [purpose] of poetry , but differs significantly from it in his identification of the emotive with the poetic use of language ; for jakobson , it will be remembered , the emotive or what jakobson calls the conative and the poetic are quite distinct .

It is worth noting , however , that Richards 's concept of poetry is similar to that which we have encountered in the previous two chapters , in that poetry for him is simply shorthand for literature that has aesthetic value ; his belief was that the value of literature as a whole lay entirely in its use of the emotive function of language .
it is worth noting , however , that richards 's concept of poetry is similar to that which we have encountered in the previous two chapters , in that poetry for him is simply shorthand for literature that has aesthetic value ; his belief was that the value of literature as a whole lay entirely in its use of the emotive [purpose] of language .

The author 's experience and intentions at the time of writing are matters of purely historical interest , that do not — contrary to the ‘ intentional fallacy ’ — in any way determine the meaning , effect or function of his creation .
the author 's experience and intentions at the time of writing are matters of purely historical interest , that do not — contrary to the ‘ intentional fallacy ’ — in any way determine the meaning , effect or [purpose] of his creation .

The New Critics did not believe , of course , that the value of poetry lay in isolated metaphors or similes ; on the contrary , they insisted that in good literature all the components of the text contributed to the reconciliation of opposites that constitutes its poetic function .
the new critics did not believe , of course , that the value of poetry lay in isolated metaphors or similes ; on the contrary , they insisted that in good literature all the components of the text contributed to the reconciliation of opposites that constitutes its poetic [purpose] .

Clearly there may well be more than an element of exaggeration in this insistence , but it makes more sense if we accept their view that a great many features of literature that might not normally be recognized , at least at first sight , as terms of a comparison , nonetheless have a metaphorical or analogical function .
clearly there may well be more than an element of exaggeration in this insistence , but it makes more sense if we accept their view that a great many features of literature that might not normally be recognized , at least at first sight , as terms of a comparison , nonetheless have a metaphorical or analogical [purpose] .

His distinction between function and index ( two of his basic narrative units ) is determined by whether the units link with others to form a chain of actions ( the functions ) , or whether their role is a more diffuse contribution to the meaning of the story , such as information about characters ( the indices ) .
his distinction between [purpose] and index ( two of his basic narrative units ) is determined by whether the units link with others to form a chain of actions ( the functions ) , or whether their role is a more diffuse contribution to the meaning of the story , such as information about characters ( the indices ) .

For instance , although he borrows the concept of mood from linguistics , he recognizes from the outset that , in contrast to ordinary language , narrative only knows the indicative mood ( there is no imperative or subjunctive forms of narrative ) , and that if his use of the term is to have any value at all it must be ‘ stretched ’ and given a metaphorical function .
for instance , although he borrows the concept of mood from linguistics , he recognizes from the outset that , in contrast to ordinary language , narrative only knows the indicative mood ( there is no imperative or subjunctive forms of narrative ) , and that if his use of the term is to have any value at all it must be ‘ stretched ’ and given a metaphorical [purpose] .

But the chief advantage of the linguistic analogy in any narrative theory is that it allows literature in general and narrative in particular to be read as a self-contained system independent of any realist function .
but the chief advantage of the linguistic analogy in any narrative theory is that it allows literature in general and narrative in particular to be read as a self-contained system independent of any realist [purpose] .

And he claims specifically that this is because writing itself has a dual , a poetic and a critical function .
and he claims specifically that this is because writing itself has a dual , a poetic and a critical [purpose] .

But the primary values are those of the signifier , and the writerly allows the reader to ‘ function himself , to gain access to the magic of the signifier , to the pleasure of writing ’ ( p. 4 ) .
but the primary values are those of the signifier , and the writerly allows the reader to ‘ [purpose] himself , to gain access to the magic of the signifier , to the pleasure of writing ’ ( p. 4 ) .

This intertextual model of what lies beyond it — reality , truth , author or reader — removes literature even further from any representational function .
this intertextual model of what lies beyond it — reality , truth , author or reader — removes literature even further from any representational [purpose] .

The function or meaning of an element is never fully present because it depends on its association with other elements to which it harks back and refers forward .
the [purpose] or meaning of an element is never fully present because it depends on its association with other elements to which it harks back and refers forward .

It is not a thing that determines language from without , and it therefore has a quite different status and function from that of truth in logocentric modes of thought .
it is not a thing that determines language from without , and it therefore has a quite different status and [purpose] from that of truth in logocentric modes of thought .

If she had had any sense she would still be in London , planning her next social function with her friends , instead of slinking off to the south of France because she had felt claustrophobic , because she needed to formulate a way of telling her fiancé that their engagement was off .
if she had had any sense she would still be in london , planning her next social [purpose] with her friends , instead of slinking off to the south of france because she had felt claustrophobic , because she needed to formulate a way of telling her fiancé that their engagement was off .

Any one such focal place would thus have only one function , rather than the range of functions of the geographers ' central place .
any one such focal place would thus have only one [purpose] , rather than the range of functions of the geographers ' central place .

The administrative function is demonstrated by the exchequers , bookrooms , and muniment stores of many sites , while produce from the estates was stored in large barns and granaries .
the administrative [purpose] is demonstrated by the exchequers , bookrooms , and muniment stores of many sites , while produce from the estates was stored in large barns and granaries .

Maps showing monastic estates or baronial holdings ( although few of the latter have been attempted ) serve to demonstrate the administrative focal place function of such sites as motte and bailey castles , ringworks , or small monastic complexes ; at the same time the dependent or lower status of other settlements and surrounding lands is demonstrated by their relatively peripheral position .
maps showing monastic estates or baronial holdings ( although few of the latter have been attempted ) serve to demonstrate the administrative focal place [purpose] of such sites as motte and bailey castles , ringworks , or small monastic complexes ; at the same time the dependent or lower status of other settlements and surrounding lands is demonstrated by their relatively peripheral position .

The third important focal place function is exchange , currently a fashionable word in archaeological texts .
the third important focal place [purpose] is exchange , currently a fashionable word in archaeological texts .

’ said Hilary , coming in to the sick bay , which was really no more than a scruffy little room with only a slight hospital smell about it to bespeak its function .
’ said hilary , coming in to the sick bay , which was really no more than a scruffy little room with only a slight hospital smell about it to bespeak its [purpose] .

It would also return the Park to its proper function .
it would also return the park to its proper [purpose] .

We can function perfectly well with less defence and fewer new roads but not without the public sector , who have already become pretty demoralised .
we can [purpose] perfectly well with less defence and fewer new roads but not without the public sector , who have already become pretty demoralised .

Health and Safety is a major management function ranking in importance with others that lead to efficient operation .
health and safety is a major management [purpose] ranking in importance with others that lead to efficient operation .

This was a function of the domanial estate-structure ( sometimes known to English-speaking historians as the manorial system ) , that is of a central directly-farmed agricultural unit , having peasant-tenements grouped around it and owing labour-services on it , and more distant tenements associated with it owing other types of dues and services .
this was a [purpose] of the domanial estate-structure ( sometimes known to english-speaking historians as the manorial system ) , that is of a central directly-farmed agricultural unit , having peasant-tenements grouped around it and owing labour-services on it , and more distant tenements associated with it owing other types of dues and services .

Assembly proceedings also had a crucial function in `` horizontal `` geographic terms .
assembly proceedings also had a crucial [purpose] in `` horizontal `` geographic terms .

In the reigns of Charles the Bald 's predecessors , the count 's first main function was to look after royal estates ( fisc-lands ) and royal income ( for instance from tolls and fines ) within his county .
in the reigns of charles the bald 's predecessors , the count 's first main [purpose] was to look after royal estates ( fisc-lands ) and royal income ( for instance from tolls and fines ) within his county .

Missi were supposed to hear and remedy complaints against counts and generally to function as direct lines of communication between court and locality , reporting difficult cases back to the king .
missi were supposed to hear and remedy complaints against counts and generally to [purpose] as direct lines of communication between court and locality , reporting difficult cases back to the king .

Ermentrude faithfully performed the crucial function of a royal wife in producing a total of eleven children , and as late as 866 , she was still ready to produce more .
ermentrude faithfully performed the crucial [purpose] of a royal wife in producing a total of eleven children , and as late as 866 , she was still ready to produce more .

The above planning application has been passed round Nether Wyresdale Parish Council excluding Councillor Collinson who declared an interest . While the councillors felt it appropriate that the Church Hall should be put to some use they objected to the proposal for a function room and made the following points :
the above planning application has been passed round nether wyresdale parish council excluding councillor collinson who declared an interest . while the councillors felt it appropriate that the church hall should be put to some use they objected to the proposal for a [purpose] room and made the following points :

The function room , especially if granted a music , singing and dancing licence , could lead to late night activity to the detriment of neighbouring residents .
the [purpose] room , especially if granted a music , singing and dancing licence , could lead to late night activity to the detriment of neighbouring residents .

Planning Application 02/91/1574 Use of Church Hall as Function Room for Restaurant
planning application 02/91/1574 use of church hall as [purpose] room for restaurant

The response to question 19 says that staff cars will be able to park at the rear of the post office and thus free parking spaces for visitors to the function room . This was questioned by members of the parish council ; if the area behind the post office is to be used for staff parking , should not a separate planning application to this effect be made ?
the response to question 19 says that staff cars will be able to park at the rear of the post office and thus free parking spaces for visitors to the [purpose] room . this was questioned by members of the parish council ; if the area behind the post office is to be used for staff parking , should not a separate planning application to this effect be made ?

The rest of the Parish Council were unanimous in opposing the granting of a licence for music , singing and dancing for the Priory Restaurant function room Snowhill , Scorton for the following reasons :
the rest of the parish council were unanimous in opposing the granting of a licence for music , singing and dancing for the priory restaurant [purpose] room snowhill , scorton for the following reasons :

The restaurant is in the centre of the village , surrounded by residential properties , one of which actually adjoins the function room , and the noise of loud music , particularly disco-type music , would adversely affect the quality of life of nearby residents .
the restaurant is in the centre of the village , surrounded by residential properties , one of which actually adjoins the [purpose] room , and the noise of loud music , particularly disco-type music , would adversely affect the quality of life of nearby residents .

( The meeting tonight is an extra one to disucss the Priory 's application for an Entertainments Licence for their function room . )
( the meeting tonight is an extra one to disucss the priory 's application for an entertainments licence for their [purpose] room . )

In extension of this , in-service education and training at its best is responsive both to teachers as individuals and to teachers as they function in their workplace .
in extension of this , in-service education and training at its best is responsive both to teachers as individuals and to teachers as they [purpose] in their workplace .

It was encouraging that during many permutations and re-appraisals of the project , and a protracted consultation period , that Glasgow consistently came out as the most cost-effective location for this type of central administration function .
it was encouraging that during many permutations and re-appraisals of the project , and a protracted consultation period , that glasgow consistently came out as the most cost-effective location for this type of central administration [purpose] .

These courts continued to function until 1943 and sentenced thousands of Spaniards to execution or imprisonment .
these courts continued to [purpose] until 1943 and sentenced thousands of spaniards to execution or imprisonment .

They did not seem to realize that the Allies ' prime concern was the neutrality of Spain , and that any interest they might have in the nature of its political regime existed as a function of that concern .
they did not seem to realize that the allies ' prime concern was the neutrality of spain , and that any interest they might have in the nature of its political regime existed as a [purpose] of that concern .

The Party Secretariat ceased to have ministerial status , but , in reality , both it and the vast bureaucracy it controlled continued to function exactly as before .
the party secretariat ceased to have ministerial status , but , in reality , both it and the vast bureaucracy it controlled continued to [purpose] exactly as before .

The tutor must always remember that while the investigation can be a means of assessing other skills , it does not require to fulfil this function and consequently assistance may be given freely in areas which are not being summatively assessed .
the tutor must always remember that while the investigation can be a means of assessing other skills , it does not require to fulfil this [purpose] and consequently assistance may be given freely in areas which are not being summatively assessed .

Evidence might also be brought of the amount of time spent performing the function , the consequences of it not being performed by the job-holder , the relevant terms of any collective agreements , the work experience of past holders of the position , and the current work experience of co-workers in similar jobs .
evidence might also be brought of the amount of time spent performing the [purpose] , the consequences of it not being performed by the job-holder , the relevant terms of any collective agreements , the work experience of past holders of the position , and the current work experience of co-workers in similar jobs .

Job restructuring entails the reallocation or redistribution of non-essential or marginal functions , or the alteration of the performance of an essential function .
job restructuring entails the reallocation or redistribution of non-essential or marginal functions , or the alteration of the performance of an essential [purpose] .

The Commissioner is not there to canvass for work , but she does consider that publicity is a valid function of her office .
the commissioner is not there to canvass for work , but she does consider that publicity is a valid [purpose] of her office .

As suggested above , what Community law seems to require national courts positively to do is to identify an organisational function and then to ascertain whether control of that function has been transferred from one person to another in such a way that the function retains its operational structure .
as suggested above , what community law seems to require national courts positively to do is to identify an organisational [purpose] and then to ascertain whether control of that [purpose] has been transferred from one person to another in such a way that the [purpose] retains its operational structure .

If so , the Directive will normally operate so as to transfer the employees employed by the former controller in the discharge of the function to the new controller and on the same terms and conditions of employment .
if so , the directive will normally operate so as to transfer the employees employed by the former controller in the discharge of the [purpose] to the new controller and on the same terms and conditions of employment .

Moreover , although Rask was concerned with the initial decision to contract out , what the Court says seems equally applicable to any subsequent transfer of the function to another sub-contractor .
moreover , although rask was concerned with the initial decision to contract out , what the court says seems equally applicable to any subsequent transfer of the [purpose] to another sub-contractor .

Deffenbacher 's argument is that those studies which show enhanced memory in arousing circumstances are operating on the ascending portion of the inverted-U function , while those which show impairment are operating on the descending portion of the curve associated with high arousal levels .
deffenbacher 's argument is that those studies which show enhanced memory in arousing circumstances are operating on the ascending portion of the inverted-u [purpose] , while those which show impairment are operating on the descending portion of the curve associated with high arousal levels .

If there is a single function relating arousal and memory it seems likely that it takes the inverted-U shape which is often suggested to describe the relationship between task performance and memory , with memory impairments occurring at very low or very high levels of arousal .
if there is a single [purpose] relating arousal and memory it seems likely that it takes the inverted-u shape which is often suggested to describe the relationship between task performance and memory , with memory impairments occurring at very low or very high levels of arousal .

Lift to first floor available , giving wheel–chair access to one large ‘ Function Room ’ and a smaller room commonly used for play–groups .
lift to first floor available , giving wheel–chair access to one large ‘ [purpose] room ’ and a smaller room commonly used for play–groups .

Function Room fairly large , and good seating for around 100 people .
[purpose] room fairly large , and good seating for around 100 people .

To exercise a staff management function in respect of the areas controlled .
to exercise a staff management [purpose] in respect of the areas controlled .

Any vacancies therefore should be filled from within the Supply and Filtration function wherever possible
any vacancies therefore should be filled from within the supply and filtration [purpose] wherever possible

We shall here use adjectival position to mean any construction which has the function of realizing some distinct pattern of intensional relations , and which meets the following criteria : ( a ) It contains an adjective as one of its elements ; ( b ) It is minimally extended for that adjective , i.e. there are no further elements dependent on the adjective ( since all such phrases will reduce in their structural effect to a single occurrence of adjective anyway ) ; ( c ) It is minimally complete for that adjective ; that is , the adjective achieves its structural effect within the construction , so that setting the whole pattern into a larger construction can not change the effective value of the adjective .
we shall here use adjectival position to mean any construction which has the [purpose] of realizing some distinct pattern of intensional relations , and which meets the following criteria : ( a ) it contains an adjective as one of its elements ; ( b ) it is minimally extended for that adjective , i.e. there are no further elements dependent on the adjective ( since all such phrases will reduce in their structural effect to a single occurrence of adjective anyway ) ; ( c ) it is minimally complete for that adjective ; that is , the adjective achieves its structural effect within the construction , so that setting the whole pattern into a larger construction can not change the effective value of the adjective .

The adjective in predicative position , which is introduced to be " added " to an already identified subject thus has an altogether different function from that of the prenominal attributive adjective which appears in order to play its part in the identification of an entity .
the adjective in predicative position , which is introduced to be " added " to an already identified subject thus has an altogether different [purpose] from that of the prenominal attributive adjective which appears in order to play its part in the identification of an entity .

After all , since there are postnominal attributives , and since attributive adjectives have the function of helping to identify some entity , and since associatives certainly do this even though their referential locus is different from that of the noun qualified , the reason for the gap is not obvious .
after all , since there are postnominal attributives , and since attributive adjectives have the [purpose] of helping to identify some entity , and since associatives certainly do this even though their referential locus is different from that of the noun qualified , the reason for the gap is not obvious .

This would be true for at least two of the examples of ( 18 ) , to which we may add at random : ( 32 ) some delegates who were German frowned the starling which is inquisitive is female It is emphatically not the answer to say , `` those which can not become postnominal attributives turn into prenominals instead `` , for two reasons : first , as we have already seen , there is a major difference of function between prenominal position and predicative position as occupied by the adjective in the sort of relative clause proposed ; and , second , this still leaves us facing the question of why some relative clauses can apparently be reduced to postnominal adjectives and others can not ( indeed this question , previously passed by , has been in serious need of an answer from those who want to relate prenominal adjectives — or simply attributives in general — to predicative position ) .
this would be true for at least two of the examples of ( 18 ) , to which we may add at random : ( 32 ) some delegates who were german frowned the starling which is inquisitive is female it is emphatically not the answer to say , `` those which can not become postnominal attributives turn into prenominals instead `` , for two reasons : first , as we have already seen , there is a major difference of [purpose] between prenominal position and predicative position as occupied by the adjective in the sort of relative clause proposed ; and , second , this still leaves us facing the question of why some relative clauses can apparently be reduced to postnominal adjectives and others can not ( indeed this question , previously passed by , has been in serious need of an answer from those who want to relate prenominal adjectives — or simply attributives in general — to predicative position ) .

We see this in : ( 59 ) the bicycles damaged all had red handlebars The article here has virtually no function except to commend the entity identified as one which the audience should be able to recognize , and recognition focuses on the property damaged .
we see this in : ( 59 ) the bicycles damaged all had red handlebars the article here has virtually no [purpose] except to commend the entity identified as one which the audience should be able to recognize , and recognition focuses on the property damaged .

Indeed the adjective must be so understood ; if we try to imagine using , in the structure of ( 16 ) , an adjectival property which is not ascribed to the entity of the noun phrase ( nor helping as a qualifier to identify any entity of the sentence ) , there will be only two possible outcomes : If it is a property semantically compatible with the verb , the result will be taken as an ungrammatical way of expressing a thought which should have incorporated an adverb : ( 17 ) Alastair likes his beef tea great Alternatively , it will be a property that is not compatible with the verb either ; but , in that case , there will be no way of guessing what that property should be applied to — it will in effect be semantically `` loose `` , so that the whole will be incomprehensible : ( 18 ) the process left the documents puzzled Thus , the property of the adjective qualifies , in purely syntactic terms , the inner grouping of verb and object ; it is applied to the entity of the noun phrase , but not directly , only as part of an interlocking structure with three elements — as in certain engineering and architectural structures , each of three elements needs the other two in order for the whole to function effectively .
indeed the adjective must be so understood ; if we try to imagine using , in the structure of ( 16 ) , an adjectival property which is not ascribed to the entity of the noun phrase ( nor helping as a qualifier to identify any entity of the sentence ) , there will be only two possible outcomes : if it is a property semantically compatible with the verb , the result will be taken as an ungrammatical way of expressing a thought which should have incorporated an adverb : ( 17 ) alastair likes his beef tea great alternatively , it will be a property that is not compatible with the verb either ; but , in that case , there will be no way of guessing what that property should be applied to — it will in effect be semantically `` loose `` , so that the whole will be incomprehensible : ( 18 ) the process left the documents puzzled thus , the property of the adjective qualifies , in purely syntactic terms , the inner grouping of verb and object ; it is applied to the entity of the noun phrase , but not directly , only as part of an interlocking structure with three elements — as in certain engineering and architectural structures , each of three elements needs the other two in order for the whole to [purpose] effectively .

But both men agreed implicitly on the unique importance of the priesthood and the priestly function .
but both men agreed implicitly on the unique importance of the priesthood and the priestly [purpose] .

Grogan argues that ‘ the main function of the thesis is to allow the candidate to demonstrate his grasp both of his subject and research method .
grogan argues that ‘ the main [purpose] of the thesis is to allow the candidate to demonstrate his grasp both of his subject and research method .

It is argued by some workers in artificial intelligence ( such as Boden ) , drawing analogies from neurophysiology , that consciousness is a function of the degree of complexity and connectedness of networks — neural or artificial — but this view has been strongly criticised by Penrose as simplistic and lacking the necessary objective evidence .
it is argued by some workers in artificial intelligence ( such as boden ) , drawing analogies from neurophysiology , that consciousness is a [purpose] of the degree of complexity and connectedness of networks — neural or artificial — but this view has been strongly criticised by penrose as simplistic and lacking the necessary objective evidence .

By cumulating citation percentages within decades , the authors deduce that they require a mathematical function containing two exponential terms to describe data .
by cumulating citation percentages within decades , the authors deduce that they require a mathematical [purpose] containing two exponential terms to describe data .

The number of scientists capable of contributing to the advance of scientific knowledge is a linear function of the total number of people entering science ( Cole & Meyer ) .
the number of scientists capable of contributing to the advance of scientific knowledge is a linear [purpose] of the total number of people entering science ( cole & meyer ) .

These included minimizing the deployment of the plainclothes units — the so-called `` Skeleton Corps `` — whose function it was to pursue and arrest protesters , reducing the use of tear gas , and prohibiting the use by riot police of equipment ( such as steel pipes ) other than that which had been officially provided .
these included minimizing the deployment of the plainclothes units — the so-called `` skeleton corps `` — whose [purpose] it was to pursue and arrest protesters , reducing the use of tear gas , and prohibiting the use by riot police of equipment ( such as steel pipes ) other than that which had been officially provided .

The gland — which produces thyroxin , a hormone which regulates metabolism and organ function — becomes enlarged and secretes excess levels of the hormone , causing a whole range of possible symptoms including irregular heart rhythms .
the gland — which produces thyroxin , a hormone which regulates metabolism and organ [purpose] — becomes enlarged and secretes excess levels of the hormone , causing a whole range of possible symptoms including irregular heart rhythms .

Marcovic on May 8 issued a statement to the Federal Executive Council asserting that conditions had to be created to allow the army to carry out its constitutional and legal function of defending frontiers and halting inter-ethnic clashes .
marcovic on may 8 issued a statement to the federal executive council asserting that conditions had to be created to allow the army to carry out its constitutional and legal [purpose] of defending frontiers and halting inter-ethnic clashes .

Function : advances capital to the poorer developing member countries on more flexible terms than those offered by the World Bank .
[purpose] : advances capital to the poorer developing member countries on more flexible terms than those offered by the world bank .

Under circumstances of medical emergency , defined as a situation which involved immediate risk of death or `` substantial and irreversible impairment of major bodily function `` , the restrictions could be overridden .
under circumstances of medical emergency , defined as a situation which involved immediate risk of death or `` substantial and irreversible impairment of major bodily [purpose] `` , the restrictions could be overridden .

Following the crash the airliner 's emergency radio beacon failed to function and rescue teams experienced difficulties locating the wreckage .
following the crash the airliner 's emergency radio beacon failed to [purpose] and rescue teams experienced difficulties locating the wreckage .

However there were divergent interpretations of the function of such a conference .
however there were divergent interpretations of the [purpose] of such a conference .

On June 16 the Legislative Yuan approved a bill to abolish the `` thought police `` system , a mechanism which had involved the maintenance of special units in government offices whose function was to monitor the discipline and behaviour of civil servants , and to examine their loyalty to the ruling Kuomintang .
on june 16 the legislative yuan approved a bill to abolish the `` thought police `` system , a mechanism which had involved the maintenance of special units in government offices whose [purpose] was to monitor the discipline and behaviour of civil servants , and to examine their loyalty to the ruling kuomintang .

In part the support of the two centrist parties for the bill was a function of their wish to avoid provoking the government into calling an early election in the lower chamber to coincide with the partial elections for the upper house which were scheduled for July 26 .
in part the support of the two centrist parties for the bill was a [purpose] of their wish to avoid provoking the government into calling an early election in the lower chamber to coincide with the partial elections for the upper house which were scheduled for july 26 .

Prime Minister Jan Krzysztof Bielecki said that the government would stay in office to ensure that the state continued to function until elections on Oct. 27 .
prime minister jan krzysztof bielecki said that the government would stay in office to ensure that the state continued to [purpose] until elections on oct. 27 .

On Oct. 6 the House of Representatives approved a stop-gap spending bill to enable the government to continue to function in the absence of a budget agreement .
on oct. 6 the house of representatives approved a stop-gap spending bill to enable the government to continue to [purpose] in the absence of a budget agreement .

recognizing that … the rights and responsibilities of the Four Powers relating to Berlin and Germany as a whole lose their function … have agreed as follows :
recognizing that … the rights and responsibilities of the four powers relating to berlin and germany as a whole lose their [purpose] … have agreed as follows :

Clark 's most important function , the provision of sophisticated air combat training at the adjacent Crow Valley range , was to be transferred to a site in Alaska .
clark 's most important [purpose] , the provision of sophisticated air combat training at the adjacent crow valley range , was to be transferred to a site in alaska .

Formal co-operation mechanisms between the three countries ceased to function when the East African Community collapsed in 1977 [ see pp .
formal co-operation mechanisms between the three countries ceased to [purpose] when the east african community collapsed in 1977 [ see pp .

An arms trade committee , the function of which would be to issue export licences to enterprises , was in preparation .
an arms trade committee , the [purpose] of which would be to issue export licences to enterprises , was in preparation .

Although the law explicitly allowed judges to be members of political parties , it was felt that suspension of involvement would be in keeping with the court 's function to provide independent rulings .
although the law explicitly allowed judges to be members of political parties , it was felt that suspension of involvement would be in keeping with the court 's [purpose] to provide independent rulings .

The talks foundered essentially on the issue of the size of the majority required for decision-making in a future transitional parliament , whose principal function would be to establish a new democratic constitution .
the talks foundered essentially on the issue of the size of the majority required for decision-making in a future transitional parliament , whose principal [purpose] would be to establish a new democratic constitution .

Initially the currencies would coexist , but according to a radio report of May 22 , it would in future only be possible to pay in food shops with rubels , since `` their basic function is to protect the internal market `` .
initially the currencies would coexist , but according to a radio report of may 22 , it would in future only be possible to pay in food shops with rubels , since `` their basic [purpose] is to protect the internal market `` .

" Europol . The European Council agreed on the creation of a European police office ( Europol ) , the initial function of which would be to organize the exchange of information on narcotic drugs at the level of the Community 's 12 member states …
" europol . the european council agreed on the creation of a european police office ( europol ) , the initial [purpose] of which would be to organize the exchange of information on narcotic drugs at the level of the community 's 12 member states …

The sole function of the newly elected Assembly would be to approve constitutional reforms at a special session due to be held in April 1992 .
the sole [purpose] of the newly elected assembly would be to approve constitutional reforms at a special session due to be held in april 1992 .

According to Sakhat Muradov , Chair of the Turkmen Supreme Soviet , the new council 's supervisory role would not weaken presidential authority or the Supreme Soviet 's legislative function ; it was empowered to rule on `` the most important questions `` of economic and political life in Turkmenistan , and could also call for changes to the constitution and express no confidence in the President should he break the law .
according to sakhat muradov , chair of the turkmen supreme soviet , the new council 's supervisory role would not weaken presidential authority or the supreme soviet 's legislative [purpose] ; it was empowered to rule on `` the most important questions `` of economic and political life in turkmenistan , and could also call for changes to the constitution and express no confidence in the president should he break the law .

The new General Confederation would function while guaranteeing independence for its constituent bodies .
the new general confederation would [purpose] while guaranteeing independence for its constituent bodies .

According to de Klerk , its repeal now appeared possible `` provided that this is accompanied by the adoption of temporary transitional measures toward the acceptance of a new constitution `` ; Parliament and the existing constitution could thus continue to function by means of temporary legal provisions .
according to de klerk , its repeal now appeared possible `` provided that this is accompanied by the adoption of temporary transitional measures toward the acceptance of a new constitution `` ; parliament and the existing constitution could thus continue to [purpose] by means of temporary legal provisions .

In 1983 the creation of a new general management function was recommended by a business adviser , Sir Roy Griffiths , and almost immediately implemented .
in 1983 the creation of a new general management [purpose] was recommended by a business adviser , sir roy griffiths , and almost immediately implemented .

First , how health and illness are to be defined and what their determinants are ; second , the values underpinning the structuring and organisation of health care ; and third the function and power of medicine in modern society and the role of the medical profession within it .
first , how health and illness are to be defined and what their determinants are ; second , the values underpinning the structuring and organisation of health care ; and third the [purpose] and power of medicine in modern society and the role of the medical profession within it .

The power and function of the medical profession were subject to a disparate but intense attack .
the power and [purpose] of the medical profession were subject to a disparate but intense attack .

Hence medicine under capitalism has a dual function , both liberating and controlling .
hence medicine under capitalism has a dual [purpose] , both liberating and controlling .

Radicals attribute this to the control of an autonomous medical science and knowledge , Marxists to the class position and function of doctors within capitalism .
radicals attribute this to the control of an autonomous medical science and knowledge , marxists to the class position and [purpose] of doctors within capitalism .

Finally , Marxist accounts appear to offer an impressively coherent and plausible explanation of the role of the capitalist state in health care , and the function of medicine in capitalist societies at the level of grand theory .
finally , marxist accounts appear to offer an impressively coherent and plausible explanation of the role of the capitalist state in health care , and the [purpose] of medicine in capitalist societies at the level of grand theory .

( 1 ) What is your function within the history department ?
( 1 ) what is your [purpose] within the history department ?

Coursework at Key Stage 4 , for instance , can have a valuable function of requiring the pupil to select material that is relevant for a particular enquiry .
coursework at key stage 4 , for instance , can have a valuable [purpose] of requiring the pupil to select material that is relevant for a particular enquiry .

The medieval Chancellor ( who was usually an ecclesiastic ) performed an analogous function in relation to the rigidity of the common law at the time ; he had the power to issue the royal writs , and this function came to be exercised in a discretionary manner , based on notions of conscience and justice .
the medieval chancellor ( who was usually an ecclesiastic ) performed an analogous [purpose] in relation to the rigidity of the common law at the time ; he had the power to issue the royal writs , and this [purpose] came to be exercised in a discretionary manner , based on notions of conscience and justice .

Military tenures were connected , both in their origin and their supposed function , with fighting .
military tenures were connected , both in their origin and their supposed [purpose] , with fighting .

But it is useful anyway to speculate about possible findings and so some possible explanations ; the characters who use irony might be similar in type to Austen herself ( in class , gender , age ) ; or they might be the characters who function as heroes and heroines in the novels .
but it is useful anyway to speculate about possible findings and so some possible explanations ; the characters who use irony might be similar in type to austen herself ( in class , gender , age ) ; or they might be the characters who [purpose] as heroes and heroines in the novels .

Establishing how your work fits into debate in the area is an important function of essay-writing in literary studies ; generally speaking , you need to know why and how your work matters .
establishing how your work fits into debate in the area is an important [purpose] of essay-writing in literary studies ; generally speaking , you need to know why and how your work matters .

( d ) What is the overall function or effect of the passage ? Does it seek to persuade , command , inform , satirise , impress , amuse ?
( d ) what is the overall [purpose] or effect of the passage ? does it seek to persuade , command , inform , satirise , impress , amuse ?

Briefly explain what the result of this experiment tells you about the function of the title in this poem ( see p. 56 ) .
briefly explain what the result of this experiment tells you about the [purpose] of the title in this poem ( see p. 56 ) .

At least some of the elements , however , have a more important function .
at least some of the elements , however , have a more important [purpose] .

Another , contrasting function served by inverted commas ( besides direct quotation , which is discussed below , Chapter 5 , pp .
another , contrasting [purpose] served by inverted commas ( besides direct quotation , which is discussed below , chapter 5 , pp .

Punctuation is a way of showing your reader the structure of your sentences : it separates successive units ( such as sentences by full stops , or items in a list by commas ) and specifies what function words have ( for example when an apostrophe indicates possession ) .
punctuation is a way of showing your reader the structure of your sentences : it separates successive units ( such as sentences by full stops , or items in a list by commas ) and specifies what [purpose] words have ( for example when an apostrophe indicates possession ) .

Punctuation has sometimes been used to imitate the pauses a speaker might make if reading a sentence aloud , and commas often keep something of this function still .
punctuation has sometimes been used to imitate the pauses a speaker might make if reading a sentence aloud , and commas often keep something of this [purpose] still .

Thus the volume of water that a softener can soften before regeneration is a function of the hardness content of the water .
thus the volume of water that a softener can soften before regeneration is a [purpose] of the hardness content of the water .

The highest quality food results can be achieved and the oven has been designed to give optimum performance in this function .
the highest quality food results can be achieved and the oven has been designed to give optimum performance in this [purpose] .

The primary function of any kitchen ventilation canopy is to remove from the kitchen area the airborne effects of the cooking process , namely smoke , steam , contaminants , and as much heat as deemed effective .
the primary [purpose] of any kitchen ventilation canopy is to remove from the kitchen area the airborne effects of the cooking process , namely smoke , steam , contaminants , and as much heat as deemed effective .

Question : Which piece of equipment works for you for 365 days a year , 24 hours a day , saves you money , protects your reputation , helps you comply with the law , and is expected to function without complaint for up to 10 years ?
question : which piece of equipment works for you for 365 days a year , 24 hours a day , saves you money , protects your reputation , helps you comply with the law , and is expected to [purpose] without complaint for up to 10 years ?

It is basically the function of the designer to protect the client 's interest and ensure that the food service planning is carried out from a food service operator 's point of view , rather than from the architect 's or interior designer 's point of view .
it is basically the [purpose] of the designer to protect the client 's interest and ensure that the food service planning is carried out from a food service operator 's point of view , rather than from the architect 's or interior designer 's point of view .

The first and foremost step in planning a food facility is to establish what the facility is going to sell , and what type of function is required from the service facility .
the first and foremost step in planning a food facility is to establish what the facility is going to sell , and what type of [purpose] is required from the service facility .

This entails the choice of the best pieces of equipment to perform the required function , ensuring that the flow of work and service is at its most economical .
this entails the choice of the best pieces of equipment to perform the required [purpose] , ensuring that the flow of work and service is at its most economical .

The existence of a diglossic relationship ( Ferguson 1959 ; Fishman 1965 , 1967 ) — a strict division in terms of function and status — between Standard English ( the `` high `` variety ) and the local Creole language ( the `` low `` variety ) , is the norm in most places where a Creole is used .
the existence of a diglossic relationship ( ferguson 1959 ; fishman 1965 , 1967 ) — a strict division in terms of [purpose] and status — between standard english ( the `` high `` variety ) and the local creole language ( the `` low `` variety ) , is the norm in most places where a creole is used .

For example , they may coexist in a `` stable diglossia `` ( Ferguson 1959 ) — with a strict differentiation of function between the `` high `` and `` low `` languages , or one may decline steadily at the expense of the other .
for example , they may coexist in a `` stable diglossia `` ( ferguson 1959 ) — with a strict differentiation of [purpose] between the `` high `` and `` low `` languages , or one may decline steadily at the expense of the other .

To substantiate the continuum hypothesis De Camp and others ( for example , Bickerton , in his detailed studies of Guyanese Creole ) point to the following well-documented facts : few Jamaicans or Guyanese speak Standard English , few speak maximally broad Creole all the time : most speak ( by their own assessment as well as a linguist 's ) something `` in between `` ; and how close to the standard or the broad Creole they speak , is largely a function of their social class .
to substantiate the continuum hypothesis de camp and others ( for example , bickerton , in his detailed studies of guyanese creole ) point to the following well-documented facts : few jamaicans or guyanese speak standard english , few speak maximally broad creole all the time : most speak ( by their own assessment as well as a linguist 's ) something `` in between `` ; and how close to the standard or the broad creole they speak , is largely a [purpose] of their social class .

This change of function is one which could potentially have severe consequences for understanding .
this change of [purpose] is one which could potentially have severe consequences for understanding .

Many studies have aimed at typologies of code switching which classify switches according to their function in discourse .
many studies have aimed at typologies of code switching which classify switches according to their [purpose] in discourse .

The London English sequence here is clearly set off from the rest of Brenda 's turn by its function , which is to elicit a `` lost `` piece of information .
the london english sequence here is clearly set off from the rest of brenda 's turn by its [purpose] , which is to elicit a `` lost `` piece of information .

One function of code switching often mentioned in the literature is quotation .
one [purpose] of code switching often mentioned in the literature is quotation .

The large unit known as the syssel , a subdivision of the country broadly similar to the English shire , is in Jutland believed to be pre-Christian , although its function is something of an open question , as it is now best known in connection with later ecclesiastical organisation .
the large unit known as the syssel , a subdivision of the country broadly similar to the english shire , is in jutland believed to be pre-christian , although its [purpose] is something of an open question , as it is now best known in connection with later ecclesiastical organisation .

There also seems to be a stress on the function of bishops which fits with Bethurum Loomis ' view of Wulfstan 's attitude to them late in his life .
there also seems to be a stress on the [purpose] of bishops which fits with bethurum loomis ' view of wulfstan 's attitude to them late in his life .

He clearly hoped and expected that the consensus around his foreign policy would rub off on the presidency , reinforcing perceptions of its national and non-partisan function .
he clearly hoped and expected that the consensus around his foreign policy would rub off on the presidency , reinforcing perceptions of its national and non-partisan [purpose] .

He believed in the chain of command : he communicated with civil servants through their ministers and ( with occasional exceptions ) with ministers through the prime minister ; and he did not regard it as his function to supervise the actual process of implementing decisions .
he believed in the chain of command : he communicated with civil servants through their ministers and ( with occasional exceptions ) with ministers through the prime minister ; and he did not regard it as his [purpose] to supervise the actual process of implementing decisions .

Under de Gaulle , the Council 's main function was to ratify decisions that had already been approved , if not made , by him .
under de gaulle , the council 's main [purpose] was to ratify decisions that had already been approved , if not made , by him .

The European central bank can not function in a political vacuum .
the european central bank can not [purpose] in a political vacuum .

4.2 . The Accessing Function
4.2 . the accessing [purpose]

In addition , the representation must allow us to key into the meaning or function of those descriptions .
in addition , the representation must allow us to key into the meaning or [purpose] of those descriptions .

Phonemes are obviously sensitive enough to make fine discriminations between lexical descriptions since this is their function by definition .
phonemes are obviously sensitive enough to make fine discriminations between lexical descriptions since this is their [purpose] by definition .

For example , the last segment in French piques and Paques differ in form but function as the same phoneme in the language .
for example , the last segment in french piques and paques differ in form but [purpose] as the same phoneme in the language .

So conversely , the form may be the same or similar , but the function might be different .
so conversely , the form may be the same or similar , but the [purpose] might be different .

The discrimination function inherent in the tree is suitable only for words heard in isolation .
the discrimination [purpose] inherent in the tree is suitable only for words heard in isolation .

The discrimination function must therefore be removed from the knowledge representation .
the discrimination [purpose] must therefore be removed from the knowledge representation .

4.5.2.1 . The Access Function
4.5.2.1 . the access [purpose]

4.5.2.2 . The Discrimination Function
4.5.2.2 . the discrimination [purpose]

4.5.2.3 . The Integration Function
4.5.2.3 . the integration [purpose]

When a run was done using a lexicon without letter names , the number of paths produced was a few orders of magnitude less than when these words were included.2 Similarly function words could be treated differently from content words .
when a run was done using a lexicon without letter names , the number of paths produced was a few orders of magnitude less than when these words were included.2 similarly [purpose] words could be treated differently from content words .

‘ Among the 684 errors in our system when no grammar was used , 334 were function word errors .
‘ among the 684 errors in our system when no grammar was used , 334 were [purpose] word errors .

Function words take up only 4 % of the vocabulary , or about 30 % if weighted by frequency , yet they are accountable for almost 50 % of the errors .
[purpose] words take up only 4 % of the vocabulary , or about 30 % if weighted by frequency , yet they are accountable for almost 50 % of the errors .

Lee 's solution was to train certain phonemes within the context of the function words .
lee 's solution was to train certain phonemes within the context of the [purpose] words .

When we introduced lexical stress we found that all content words but only a small proportion of function words were marked for lexical stress , and that the number of word paths was reduced primarily because these function words no longer matched parts of content words .
when we introduced lexical stress we found that all content words but only a small proportion of [purpose] words were marked for lexical stress , and that the number of word paths was reduced primarily because these [purpose] words no longer matched parts of content words .

As we have seen many inappropriate parsings are constructed primarily from function words and their reduced forms .
as we have seen many inappropriate parsings are constructed primarily from [purpose] words and their reduced forms .

The space requirement is an exponential function of the length of the path at any time .
the space requirement is an exponential [purpose] of the length of the path at any time .

Order , for example can function as a noun or as a verb and the transition probabilities of both senses to following words would have to be computed .
order , for example can [purpose] as a noun or as a verb and the transition probabilities of both senses to following words would have to be computed .

In the `` Pac-Man `` computer games the maze and dots were deemed to be idea , being necessarily dictated by the program function , but the `` Pac-Man `` and `` ghost monsters `` characters were considered to be expression as different graphical representations could have been used .
in the `` pac-man `` computer games the maze and dots were deemed to be idea , being necessarily dictated by the program [purpose] , but the `` pac-man `` and `` ghost monsters `` characters were considered to be expression as different graphical representations could have been used .

However , evidence of different structures in other programs designed to perform the same function would assist the plaintiff who argued that the structure of his program was protectable expression and not unprotectable idea .
however , evidence of different structures in other programs designed to perform the same [purpose] would assist the plaintiff who argued that the structure of his program was protectable expression and not unprotectable idea .

The test requires a three-step procedure as follows : Abstraction — discovering the non-literal elements by a process akin to reverse engineering , beginning with the code and ending with the program 's ultimate function .
the test requires a three-step procedure as follows : abstraction — discovering the non-literal elements by a process akin to reverse engineering , beginning with the code and ending with the program 's ultimate [purpose] .

Zenith knew of the existence of Acme 's program but had not seen it in use — no infringement of copyright , the function of the program is idea , not expression .
zenith knew of the existence of acme 's program but had not seen it in use — no infringement of copyright , the [purpose] of the program is idea , not expression .

The structures of the two programs are different in many respects and where they are similar this is the result of coincidence only or because they are constrained by the function — no infringement of copyright .
the structures of the two programs are different in many respects and where they are similar this is the result of coincidence only or because they are constrained by the [purpose] — no infringement of copyright .

However , the obsession in the United States of withholding copyright protection from ideas including features of programs dictated by function might have the drastic effect , if taken to its logical conclusion , of robbing interpreter and compiler programs of copyright protection .
however , the obsession in the united states of withholding copyright protection from ideas including features of programs dictated by [purpose] might have the drastic effect , if taken to its logical conclusion , of robbing interpreter and compiler programs of copyright protection .

In the meantime , database designers can strengthen the chances of protection by retaining copies of layouts and specifications for databases on the basis that anyone copying the structure of their database indirectly infringes the copyright subsisting in these materials , subject to them not being dictated by function .
in the meantime , database designers can strengthen the chances of protection by retaining copies of layouts and specifications for databases on the basis that anyone copying the structure of their database indirectly infringes the copyright subsisting in these materials , subject to them not being dictated by [purpose] .

Certain things are excluded from registration such as a method or principle of construction or features of shape or configuration dictated solely by the function the article has to perform , or which depend upon the appearance of another article of which it is intended to form an integral part .
certain things are excluded from registration such as a method or principle of construction or features of shape or configuration dictated solely by the [purpose] the article has to perform , or which depend upon the appearance of another article of which it is intended to form an integral part .

Methods or principles of construction are verging on patent law , whilst eye-appeal resulting from function , or from fitting with another article are excluded because it is an indirect effect .
methods or principles of construction are verging on patent law , whilst eye-appeal resulting from [purpose] , or from fitting with another article are excluded because it is an indirect effect .

The second exception is subdivided into features of shape or configuration of an article which : i ) enable the article to be connected to , or placed in , around or against , another article so that either article may perform its function ( the `` must-fit `` exception ) , or ii ) are dependant upon the appearance of another article of which the article is intended by the designer to form an integral part ( the `` must-match `` exception ) .
the second exception is subdivided into features of shape or configuration of an article which : i ) enable the article to be connected to , or placed in , around or against , another article so that either article may perform its [purpose] ( the `` must-fit `` exception ) , or ii ) are dependant upon the appearance of another article of which the article is intended by the designer to form an integral part ( the `` must-match `` exception ) .

The shape of the box is determined largely by the shape and size of the printer and the box is placed around the printer so that it can perform its function of reducing the decibel level emanating from the printer .
the shape of the box is determined largely by the shape and size of the printer and the box is placed around the printer so that it can perform its [purpose] of reducing the decibel level emanating from the printer .

If the description of integrated circuits given earlier is now considered , it can be seen that the requirements are met ; there are two or more layers ( usually three ) , one layer is made of a semiconducting material and a pattern is fixed upon it for the purpose of performing an electronic function .
if the description of integrated circuits given earlier is now considered , it can be seen that the requirements are met ; there are two or more layers ( usually three ) , one layer is made of a semiconducting material and a pattern is fixed upon it for the purpose of performing an electronic [purpose] .

However , the predominant nature of the contract is the provision of a service , the function of the software being the service in question .
however , the predominant nature of the contract is the provision of a service , the [purpose] of the software being the service in question .

works in a specialist function directly or indirectly associated with the hotel and catering industry , its services or suppliers at management or equivalent level
works in a specialist [purpose] directly or indirectly associated with the hotel and catering industry , its services or suppliers at management or equivalent level

In a recent article , Pearcy ( 1990 ) has suggested that a general function of the explicit moral in a fabliau , where there is one , is to express a dialectical opposition between social convention — in particular the supposedly sanctifying constraints of Christian marriage — and individual libertarianism , in particular extra-marital sexual indulgence .
in a recent article , pearcy ( 1990 ) has suggested that a general [purpose] of the explicit moral in a fabliau , where there is one , is to express a dialectical opposition between social convention — in particular the supposedly sanctifying constraints of christian marriage — and individual libertarianism , in particular extra-marital sexual indulgence .

Even the reported jealousy of John , which is the intratextual spur to Nicholas 's applying his wits to `` `` bigyle `` `` him ( 3294 – 00 ) , is left looking like a contrivance , validated by its function which is to excuse what is `` really `` a gratuitous trick .
even the reported jealousy of john , which is the intratextual spur to nicholas 's applying his wits to `` `` bigyle `` `` him ( 3294 – 00 ) , is left looking like a contrivance , validated by its [purpose] which is to excuse what is `` really `` a gratuitous trick .

You obviously need to change your image and you have decided to upgrade your restaurant in order to attract the local high spenders , and to develop a function trade in the under utilised grounds , using a marquee to house wedding receptions , birthday parties and anniversary celebrations .
you obviously need to change your image and you have decided to upgrade your restaurant in order to attract the local high spenders , and to develop a [purpose] trade in the under utilised grounds , using a marquee to house wedding receptions , birthday parties and anniversary celebrations .

Kent teachers are arranging a photo session in Avery Hill Dance Studio during the time of the Easter Course , with a professional photographer who will allow amateurs to function at the same time .
kent teachers are arranging a photo session in avery hill dance studio during the time of the easter course , with a professional photographer who will allow amateurs to [purpose] at the same time .

This position is echoed by Lehrer ( 1987 : 256 ) , who states that `` to has no meaning of its own `` , by Buyssens ( 1987 : 341 ) , who asserts that it is a `` well-known fact that when the infinitive is used as the subject , the predicate , or the direct object of the sentence , it is normally preceded by a meaningless to `` , and by Andersson ( 1985 : 57 ) , who distinguishes between the preposition to , which has a meaning , and the pure to infinitive marker , `` which only has the syntactic function to introduce [ sic ] an infinitive `` .
this position is echoed by lehrer ( 1987 : 256 ) , who states that `` to has no meaning of its own `` , by buyssens ( 1987 : 341 ) , who asserts that it is a `` well-known fact that when the infinitive is used as the subject , the predicate , or the direct object of the sentence , it is normally preceded by a meaningless to `` , and by andersson ( 1985 : 57 ) , who distinguishes between the preposition to , which has a meaning , and the pure to infinitive marker , `` which only has the syntactic [purpose] to introduce [ sic ] an infinitive `` .

Palmer ( 1988 : 199 ) proposes that when followed by the to infinitive , verbs of perception function as verbs of reporting , so that He saw the children to be eating their lunch means `` He reported the children to be eating their lunch `` .
palmer ( 1988 : 199 ) proposes that when followed by the to infinitive , verbs of perception [purpose] as verbs of reporting , so that he saw the children to be eating their lunch means `` he reported the children to be eating their lunch `` .

Having examined the reasons for the use of the bare infinitive with the modals , it is now possible to deal with infinitival usage with two verbs which function both as modal auxiliaries and as lexical verbs , need and dare .
having examined the reasons for the use of the bare infinitive with the modals , it is now possible to deal with infinitival usage with two verbs which [purpose] both as modal auxiliaries and as lexical verbs , need and dare .

( In passing this is why how and why can function as interrogative adverbs to request identification of the means required to achieve some end or the reason for something . )
( in passing this is why how and why can [purpose] as interrogative adverbs to request identification of the means required to achieve some end or the reason for something . )

Nevertheless , both types do imply incidence to an actualizer of the infinitive 's event , a fact which poses the problem of the relation between the infinitive and the category of person , which must be explored in order to analyse ( 2 ) — and other uses , such as that in subject function — adequately .
nevertheless , both types do imply incidence to an actualizer of the infinitive 's event , a fact which poses the problem of the relation between the infinitive and the category of person , which must be explored in order to analyse ( 2 ) — and other uses , such as that in subject [purpose] — adequately .

Furthermore , traditional grammar sees in the finite verb a word which predicates something about its subject : The grammatical function of a finite verb is to serve as a predicate word , that is , in an ordinary affirmative sentence to state something about the subject of the sentence … ( Sweet 1898 : 93 )
furthermore , traditional grammar sees in the finite verb a word which predicates something about its subject : the grammatical [purpose] of a finite verb is to serve as a predicate word , that is , in an ordinary affirmative sentence to state something about the subject of the sentence … ( sweet 1898 : 93 )

In this connection , the above observations on the exclamatory use of the infinitive raise an important question : does the infinitive also have a predicative function ?
in this connection , the above observations on the exclamatory use of the infinitive raise an important question : does the infinitive also have a predicative [purpose] ?

As a means of answering this question , the predicative function of the verb can be situated in the much more general framework of a mechanism which seems fundamental to all words that evoke a lexical content .
as a means of answering this question , the predicative [purpose] of the verb can be situated in the much more general framework of a mechanism which seems fundamental to all words that evoke a lexical content .

Guillaume ( 1984 : 120ff ) shows that all substantives , adjectives , adverbs and verbs are inherently predicative because they bring to mind a lexical notion which has to be said about something in order for the word to perform its function in discourse .
guillaume ( 1984 : 120ff ) shows that all substantives , adjectives , adverbs and verbs are inherently predicative because they bring to mind a lexical notion which has to be said about something in order for the word to perform its [purpose] in discourse .

The infinitives of such verbs are found only where the person of their support is specified ( We want it to snow ) , but not when the support is left undefined , as in certain exclamations , and not in the function of subject ( * To snow is pleasant ) .
the infinitives of such verbs are found only where the person of their support is specified ( we want it to snow ) , but not when the support is left undefined , as in certain exclamations , and not in the [purpose] of subject ( * to snow is pleasant ) .

The to used before the infinitive was very clearly a preposition when first employed in this function ; in fact , it governed the dative case of the infinitive .
the to used before the infinitive was very clearly a preposition when first employed in this [purpose] ; in fact , it governed the dative case of the infinitive .

This explains why English has recourse to a preposition , a word whose function is to establish a relation between two words when no mechanism of incidence is provided for by the words themselves , in order to make the infinitive incident to a support situated outside its event time .
this explains why english has recourse to a preposition , a word whose [purpose] is to establish a relation between two words when no mechanism of incidence is provided for by the words themselves , in order to make the infinitive incident to a support situated outside its event time .

Besides contributing to a deeper comprehension of the function of to , this study has also led to a fuller understanding of the role of the category of person in the infinitive .
besides contributing to a deeper comprehension of the [purpose] of to , this study has also led to a fuller understanding of the role of the category of person in the infinitive .

During the Persian Empire Aramaic did not function as an international language in the same way in which Greek did in the period after Alexander .
during the persian empire aramaic did not [purpose] as an international language in the same way in which greek did in the period after alexander .

But his sympathy for the Druids , the vates and the bards implies an authentic recognition of their function in the Celtic world .
but his sympathy for the druids , the vates and the bards implies an authentic recognition of their [purpose] in the celtic world .

If , in the age of the Enlightenment , a transcendent religious authority no longer provides an objective sanction for men 's deeds and a punishment of their misdeeds , and if a common belief in such an authority is no longer there to provide the theatre with a cultural-religious function and to give unity to its public , then that authority must be replaced by the voice of individual conscience .
if , in the age of the enlightenment , a transcendent religious authority no longer provides an objective sanction for men 's deeds and a punishment of their misdeeds , and if a common belief in such an authority is no longer there to provide the theatre with a cultural-religious [purpose] and to give unity to its public , then that authority must be replaced by the voice of individual conscience .

While in Schiller the attempt to reestablish ( and perhaps reinterpret ) the function of the chorus never gets very far , in Schelling this concern is abandoned altogether in favour of a wholly individualistic view of the hero , whose very Solitude is the source of his strength and tragic predicament alike .
while in schiller the attempt to reestablish ( and perhaps reinterpret ) the [purpose] of the chorus never gets very far , in schelling this concern is abandoned altogether in favour of a wholly individualistic view of the hero , whose very solitude is the source of his strength and tragic predicament alike .

It must be said , though , that in Schopenhauerian eyes the Greeks are in fact less compelling instructors than Shakespeare ; and that tragedy as a whole is not much more than one of several `` quietives of the will `` which it is the function of art in general to provide .
it must be said , though , that in schopenhauerian eyes the greeks are in fact less compelling instructors than shakespeare ; and that tragedy as a whole is not much more than one of several `` quietives of the will `` which it is the [purpose] of art in general to provide .

The product is a new German drama — music-drama — which , with its reintegration of long separated arts , its mythic basis and its aspiration towards a socially organic function , evokes , at least in intention , several of Greek tragedy 's most distinctive characteristics .
the product is a new german drama — music-drama — which , with its reintegration of long separated arts , its mythic basis and its aspiration towards a socially organic [purpose] , evokes , at least in intention , several of greek tragedy 's most distinctive characteristics .

The function of music now was to express pure feeling on an ideal , unverbalizable , metaphysical level ( Schopenhauer 's influence is plain ) ; the task of the poetic word was to reinterpret that `` feeling `` in terms of `` thought `` and so help mediate the metaphysical world to an earth-bound , concept-bound audience .
the [purpose] of music now was to express pure feeling on an ideal , unverbalizable , metaphysical level ( schopenhauer 's influence is plain ) ; the task of the poetic word was to reinterpret that `` feeling `` in terms of `` thought `` and so help mediate the metaphysical world to an earth-bound , concept-bound audience .

Euripidean drama commonly has an expository prologue whose function is to outline the forthcoming action of the play .
euripidean drama commonly has an expository prologue whose [purpose] is to outline the forthcoming action of the play .

The chief function of the Apolline elements is to shield the spectator against the full impact of the music ; and it is actually the presence of this shield that permits the highest potential of music to be realized .
the chief [purpose] of the apolline elements is to shield the spectator against the full impact of the music ; and it is actually the presence of this shield that permits the highest potential of music to be realized .

The function of tragic myth is to show that all things , even such ugly discordance , are part of an `` artistic game `` played at the heart of things .
the [purpose] of tragic myth is to show that all things , even such ugly discordance , are part of an `` artistic game `` played at the heart of things .

category of communicative function
category of communicative [purpose]

communicative function
communicative [purpose]

Asking a question is a communicative function , while forming an interrogative is not .
asking a question is a communicative [purpose] , while forming an interrogative is not .

An important function of intonation in speech is to show the connection between parts of a sentence or between separate sentences .
an important [purpose] of intonation in speech is to show the connection between parts of a sentence or between separate sentences .

This goal may be immediate or sometimes postponed , depending on form or function .
this goal may be immediate or sometimes postponed , depending on form or [purpose] .

Deictic function is pointing out something for the first time , often using demonstratives as in Look at that picture !
deictic [purpose] is pointing out something for the first time , often using demonstratives as in look at that picture !

discourse function
discourse [purpose]

Communicative function within the context of a conversation or discussion .
communicative [purpose] within the context of a conversation or discussion .

Briefly , the field is the total event together with the purposive activity of the speaker or writer ; the mode is the function of the text in the event , including spoken or written , extempore or prepared and its genre or rhetorical mode such as narrative , didactic , persuasive , phatic communion ; the tenor refers to the type of ro∘le-interaction , the set of relevant social relations among the participants .
briefly , the field is the total event together with the purposive activity of the speaker or writer ; the mode is the [purpose] of the text in the event , including spoken or written , extempore or prepared and its genre or rhetorical mode such as narrative , didactic , persuasive , phatic communion ; the tenor refers to the type of ro∘le-interaction , the set of relevant social relations among the participants .

Form is contrasted in linguistic theory with content ( meaning ) or function ( purpose ) .
form is contrasted in linguistic theory with content ( meaning ) or [purpose] ( purpose ) .

The plain infinitive ( without to ) is only used in a verbal , never in a nominal function .
the plain infinitive ( without to ) is only used in a verbal , never in a nominal [purpose] .

The amount of information a word conveys is therefore a function of possible alternatives which would be meaningful to us in that position .
the amount of information a word conveys is therefore a [purpose] of possible alternatives which would be meaningful to us in that position .

Sections of pitch sequence which function in intonation phrases .
sections of pitch sequence which [purpose] in intonation phrases .

Unlike tonemes , they do not function as parts of words or morphemes .
unlike tonemes , they do not [purpose] as parts of words or morphemes .

The initial interest was not in the bibliographic data , but rather in the circulation data which was being made available to the public , thus enhancing the catalogue 's function as a finding tool .
the initial interest was not in the bibliographic data , but rather in the circulation data which was being made available to the public , thus enhancing the catalogue 's [purpose] as a finding tool .

There were six coloured `` function `` keys .
there were six coloured `` [purpose] `` keys .

Some examples of these in English are : Learning problems occur when function words are used in the target language but not in your own language .
some examples of these in english are : learning problems occur when [purpose] words are used in the target language but not in your own language .

Another problem is where a function word in the target language has the same meaning as in your own language , but does not occur in all the same contexts as it does in your own language .
another problem is where a [purpose] word in the target language has the same meaning as in your own language , but does not occur in all the same contexts as it does in your own language .

Is it a problem of word order , government , function word , or what ?
is it a problem of word order , government , [purpose] word , or what ?

Usually a function word or affix can not be substituted , so substitution must be made at the slot with which the function word is more closely related , in this example the object or the verb .
usually a [purpose] word or affix can not be substituted , so substitution must be made at the slot with which the [purpose] word is more closely related , in this example the object or the verb .

Not all verbs require a function word in Portuguese , but some do .
not all verbs require a [purpose] word in portuguese , but some do .

The verb for `` to need `` , as in this drill , as well as some other verbs , always require the function word `` de `` ; there are other verbs which require other function words like `` com `` and `` a `` .
the verb for `` to need `` , as in this drill , as well as some other verbs , always require the [purpose] word `` de `` ; there are other verbs which require other [purpose] words like `` com `` and `` a `` .

Such rotations are commonly described in terms of a potential energy function possessing a number of minima ( Figure 1.4 ) .
such rotations are commonly described in terms of a potential energy [purpose] possessing a number of minima ( figure 1.4 ) .

Now since must be expressible as a function of we have using the summation convention .
now since must be expressible as a [purpose] of we have using the summation convention .

The new quantity so that the deformation is an expansion by the radio — ( which is in general , of course , a function of Xi ) .
the new quantity so that the deformation is an expansion by the radio — ( which is in general , of course , a [purpose] of xi ) .

If the expansion is in the 1-direction only , with no change in the other dimensions , we have where – 1 is in general a function of all the Xi .
if the expansion is in the 1-direction only , with no change in the other dimensions , we have where – 1 is in general a [purpose] of all the xi .

We may ask an observer to carry a device which records his position , velocity and acceleration as a function of time as he mingles with the crowd or we may set up two observation posts at the entrance and count the number of people per second passing across the space between the posts .
we may ask an observer to carry a device which records his position , velocity and acceleration as a [purpose] of time as he mingles with the crowd or we may set up two observation posts at the entrance and count the number of people per second passing across the space between the posts .

Later in the nineteenth century , following the work of Green and of Kelvin , thermodynamic considerations were introduced a well as the concept of a strain energy function .
later in the nineteenth century , following the work of green and of kelvin , thermodynamic considerations were introduced a well as the concept of a strain energy [purpose] .

Thermodynamical considerations : the strain energy function
thermodynamical considerations : the strain energy [purpose]

Where the strain energy function exists thermodynamical considerations imply that ( and ) and this reduces the number of independent components to 21 for the case of lowest symmetry , that is , the triclinic crystal .
where the strain energy [purpose] exists thermodynamical considerations imply that ( and ) and this reduces the number of independent components to 21 for the case of lowest symmetry , that is , the triclinic crystal .

The Strain Energy Function
the strain energy [purpose]

Substitution of the Rivlin form for For sheet materials stressed in their plane one of the Then it is easy to show that who showed that a form , with f a decreasing function of gave the best fit .
substitution of the rivlin form for for sheet materials stressed in their plane one of the then it is easy to show that who showed that a form , with f a decreasing [purpose] of gave the best fit .

Experimental determinations of the form of the strain energy function have led to many proposals of its nature .
experimental determinations of the form of the strain energy [purpose] have led to many proposals of its nature .

The simplest and earliest of these is due to Alfrey and consists of taking the spectral function as the negative slope of the relaxation curve in a static ( stress relaxation or creep ) experiment ( Figure 3.5 ) .
the simplest and earliest of these is due to alfrey and consists of taking the spectral [purpose] as the negative slope of the relaxation curve in a static ( stress relaxation or creep ) experiment ( figure 3.5 ) .

Doolittle defined free volume fv in terms of the specific volume extrapolated to absolute zero , giving This definition of fv is , of course , different from that given above [ Equation ( 3.12 ) ] and fv is not a linear function of temperature in this case .
doolittle defined free volume fv in terms of the specific volume extrapolated to absolute zero , giving this definition of fv is , of course , different from that given above [ equation ( 3.12 ) ] and fv is not a linear [purpose] of temperature in this case .

If a curve is plotted of the specific volume of a polymer as a function of temperature it will in general be of the form shown in Figure 3.11 .
if a curve is plotted of the specific volume of a polymer as a [purpose] of temperature it will in general be of the form shown in figure 3.11 .

So also , analogous to the bilinear form we have the functional bilinear in the function x ( t ) .
so also , analogous to the bilinear form we have the functional bilinear in the [purpose] x ( t ) .

The stress on the primitive chain at time t is found as where is the disengagement time , that is , the time required for chains to disengage completely from surrounding entanglements ( it is the longest relaxation time for a chain ) , c is the number of polymers in unit volume so that cN is the number of chain segments in unit volume , and is a function of the deformation .
the stress on the primitive chain at time t is found as where is the disengagement time , that is , the time required for chains to disengage completely from surrounding entanglements ( it is the longest relaxation time for a chain ) , c is the number of polymers in unit volume so that cn is the number of chain segments in unit volume , and is a [purpose] of the deformation .

2 . The properties of assembles of such cells with a given orientation distribution function
2 . the properties of assembles of such cells with a given orientation distribution [purpose]

The average strain will be a unique function of the average strain in the mixture through the displacements this will impose on the boundary .
the average strain will be a unique [purpose] of the average strain in the mixture through the displacements this will impose on the boundary .

In more detail : equilibrium requires while is derived from , say , which must vanish on the surface , since — , which generates , is the surface displacement ; — `` has the function , within the composite , of generating differences from .
in more detail : equilibrium requires while is derived from , say , which must vanish on the surface , since — , which generates , is the surface displacement ; — `` has the [purpose] , within the composite , of generating differences from .

The increase is not a linear function of the draw ratio but is faster in polyethylene , and slower in polypropylene ( Figure 4.6 ) .
the increase is not a linear [purpose] of the draw ratio but is faster in polyethylene , and slower in polypropylene ( figure 4.6 ) .

If we know the orientation function of the crystal elements in the global axes then estimates of the overall elastic constants can be made .
if we know the orientation [purpose] of the crystal elements in the global axes then estimates of the overall elastic constants can be made .

The integration over involves only and on the assumption of overall fibre symmetry ( a case common in polymers in the fibrous form ; but not , of course , necessarily so in the sheet or bulk forms ) we can assume that is a function of only and integrate over — and also over .
the integration over involves only and on the assumption of overall fibre symmetry ( a case common in polymers in the fibrous form ; but not , of course , necessarily so in the sheet or bulk forms ) we can assume that is a [purpose] of only and integrate over — and also over .

Now if the material is crystalline , X-ray diffraction affords a means of finding the distribution function .
now if the material is crystalline , x-ray diffraction affords a means of finding the distribution [purpose] .

For birefringence , if the maximum value for fully aligned elements is then the birefringence for elements distributed with a distribution function is given simply by .
for birefringence , if the maximum value for fully aligned elements is then the birefringence for elements distributed with a distribution [purpose] is given simply by .

The self-consistent method referred to above may also be applied to arrays of inclusion with a distribution function .
the self-consistent method referred to above may also be applied to arrays of inclusion with a distribution [purpose] .

Figures 4.9 ( a ) , ( b ) show the behaviour of the `` self-consistent `` composite moduli and the longitudinal shear modulus p as a function of orientation angle .
figures 4.9 ( a ) , ( b ) show the behaviour of the `` self-consistent `` composite moduli and the longitudinal shear modulus p as a [purpose] of orientation angle .

Seferis , McCullough & Samuels ( 1976 ) use `` moments ' of the distribution defined for example as where defines the number of chain axis directions ( a normalized orientation function ) .
seferis , mccullough & samuels ( 1976 ) use `` moments ' of the distribution defined for example as where defines the number of chain axis directions ( a normalized orientation [purpose] ) .

2 we discussed the strain ( intrinsic ) energy function and showed its importance in determining the relation between stress and strain in materials .
2 we discussed the strain ( intrinsic ) energy [purpose] and showed its importance in determining the relation between stress and strain in materials .

The form of this function may be discovered in some , but not all , cases by experiment .
the form of this [purpose] may be discovered in some , but not all , cases by experiment .

In this test a load is applied to the two ends of a long bar of uniform cross-section and either the displacement of the ends or that of two fiducial marks on the surface of the bar observed as a function of the applied load .
in this test a load is applied to the two ends of a long bar of uniform cross-section and either the displacement of the ends or that of two fiducial marks on the surface of the bar observed as a [purpose] of the applied load .

For creep ( stress-relaxation ) experiments the modulus ( compliance ) is a function of time and the load ( extension ) applied .
for creep ( stress-relaxation ) experiments the modulus ( compliance ) is a [purpose] of time and the load ( extension ) applied .

This equation may be solved using Laplace transforms if z ( t ) is a simple function of time such as a polynomial .
this equation may be solved using laplace transforms if z ( t ) is a simple [purpose] of time such as a polynomial .

The reflected signal is studied as a function of frequency and the resonant frequency , together with higher orders , is then measured .
the reflected signal is studied as a [purpose] of frequency and the resonant frequency , together with higher orders , is then measured .

Its function is to offer a series of social activities which might appeal to all or various groups within our community .
its [purpose] is to offer a series of social activities which might appeal to all or various groups within our community .

But the second function is no less important — to consult all the representatives of the parishes on the way ahead , both in regard to the theme for next year as well as the needs to be met .
but the second [purpose] is no less important — to consult all the representatives of the parishes on the way ahead , both in regard to the theme for next year as well as the needs to be met .

Changed anorectal function and innervation are commonly studied by pressure-volume relations by balloon distension , reflex investigations , characterisation of sphincter function , and registration of rectal sensation .
changed anorectal [purpose] and innervation are commonly studied by pressure-volume relations by balloon distension , reflex investigations , characterisation of sphincter [purpose] , and registration of rectal sensation .

The motor function of the colon is probably the least understood of the various hollow viscera of the human body .
the motor [purpose] of the colon is probably the least understood of the various hollow viscera of the human body .

This is partly because of the marked variability of colonic motor function and the short recording periods usually used , generally not exceeding three hours .
this is partly because of the marked variability of colonic motor [purpose] and the short recording periods usually used , generally not exceeding three hours .

It is unknown whether low amplitude propagated contractions and high amplitude propagated contractions have the same physiological basis and serve the same function — that is , whether they are parts of a continuum of propagated contractions .
it is unknown whether low amplitude propagated contractions and high amplitude propagated contractions have the same physiological basis and serve the same [purpose] — that is , whether they are parts of a continuum of propagated contractions .

The function of these forceful propulsive waves seems chiefly that of shifting a relatively large quantity of intraluminal content aborally for long distances within the colonic lumen , thereby determining a right-to-left gradient important for the initiation of defecation .
the [purpose] of these forceful propulsive waves seems chiefly that of shifting a relatively large quantity of intraluminal content aborally for long distances within the colonic lumen , thereby determining a right-to-left gradient important for the initiation of defecation .

The structure and function of the large intestine varies greatly among mammals , with variability concerning mostly the extent of the sacculation and the size of the caecum .
the structure and [purpose] of the large intestine varies greatly among mammals , with variability concerning mostly the extent of the sacculation and the size of the caecum .

The simplest large intestines , exhibiting a vestigial caecum and no sacculations , are found in the rat , cat , and dog , which are the animals most frequently used in studies on colonic motor function .
the simplest large intestines , exhibiting a vestigial caecum and no sacculations , are found in the rat , cat , and dog , which are the animals most frequently used in studies on colonic motor [purpose] .

It is controversial whether acute pancreatitis has longterm effects on pancreatic function .
it is controversial whether acute pancreatitis has longterm effects on pancreatic [purpose] .

The effect of acute pancreatitis on pancreatic function is unclear with some but not all studies showing complete recovery as judged by secretory testing .
the effect of acute pancreatitis on pancreatic [purpose] is unclear with some but not all studies showing complete recovery as judged by secretory testing .

Secretory tests may not be suitable , however , for assessing pancreatic function as preliminary studies have suggested that enzyme synthesis may be changed before changes in secretion are identified .
secretory tests may not be suitable , however , for assessing pancreatic [purpose] as preliminary studies have suggested that enzyme synthesis may be changed before changes in secretion are identified .

In this study we have used this technique to assess whether there are any longterm changes in pancreatic function after recovery from acute alcoholic pancreatitis .
in this study we have used this technique to assess whether there are any longterm changes in pancreatic [purpose] after recovery from acute alcoholic pancreatitis .

Non-parallel enzyme secretion has been shown in patients with normal pancreatic function under certain stimulatory conditions .
non-parallel enzyme secretion has been shown in patients with normal pancreatic [purpose] under certain stimulatory conditions .

Comparison of amylase secretion and synthesis results of patients who had had only one acute attack and those who had had two or more , shows that synthetic studies may be more sensitive than the standard pancreatic function test , which only measures secretion in detecting pancreatitis .
comparison of amylase secretion and synthesis results of patients who had had only one acute attack and those who had had two or more , shows that synthetic studies may be more sensitive than the standard pancreatic [purpose] test , which only measures secretion in detecting pancreatitis .

Besides an altered expression of integrin adhesion molecules in colorectal cancer , an altered function may also result in pathological cell matrix interactions .
besides an altered expression of integrin adhesion molecules in colorectal cancer , an altered [purpose] may also result in pathological cell matrix interactions .

In a therapeutic context , appropriate cells have been successfully isolated , maintained or cultured in vitro and subsequently transplanted to restore bone marrow function in haemopoetic disorders , to provide skin cover in major burns and insulin independence after pancreatic islet transplantation .
in a therapeutic context , appropriate cells have been successfully isolated , maintained or cultured in vitro and subsequently transplanted to restore bone marrow [purpose] in haemopoetic disorders , to provide skin cover in major burns and insulin independence after pancreatic islet transplantation .

The use of cultured osteoblasts to enhance bone graft function and hepatocyte transplantation in acute hepatic failure are currently being evaluated .
the use of cultured osteoblasts to enhance bone graft [purpose] and hepatocyte transplantation in acute hepatic failure are currently being evaluated .

Data concerning cellular or molecular stimuli that influence postnatal stem cell function in vitro , are scant .
data concerning cellular or molecular stimuli that influence postnatal stem cell [purpose] in vitro , are scant .

The oesophagus is a muscular segment , the main function of which is the passage of ingested food and fluid from the pharynx into the stomach .
the oesophagus is a muscular segment , the main [purpose] of which is the passage of ingested food and fluid from the pharynx into the stomach .

As previously reported , the serum gastrin concentration was found to be high in the renal failure patients compared with those with normal renal function .
as previously reported , the serum gastrin concentration was found to be high in the renal failure patients compared with those with normal renal [purpose] .

This may be a difficult question to answer , and indeed these techniques may not be comparable , unless one could simultaneously measure function and visualise the squamous columnar junction , which is very difficult .
this may be a difficult question to answer , and indeed these techniques may not be comparable , unless one could simultaneously measure [purpose] and visualise the squamous columnar junction , which is very difficult .

Sarr et al compared objective tests of oesophageal function in 318 patients with symptoms of gastrooesophageal reflux with 44 patients with Barrett 's oesophagus undergoing endoscopy .
sarr et al compared objective tests of oesophageal [purpose] in 318 patients with symptoms of gastrooesophageal reflux with 44 patients with barrett 's oesophagus undergoing endoscopy .

Tests of renal function in patients with quiescent colitis : effects of drug treatment
tests of renal [purpose] in patients with quiescent colitis : effects of drug treatment

The effect of mesalazine treatment on renal function has been a particular concern as mesalazine has structural similarities to aspirin and phenacetin , both of which have been implicated in analgesic nephropathy .
the effect of mesalazine treatment on renal [purpose] has been a particular concern as mesalazine has structural similarities to aspirin and phenacetin , both of which have been implicated in analgesic nephropathy .

Studies of the effect of mesalazine on renal function are relatively few .
studies of the effect of mesalazine on renal [purpose] are relatively few .

Furthermore , a number of maintenance studies have shown no significant change in renal function on standard biochemical screening .
furthermore , a number of maintenance studies have shown no significant change in renal [purpose] on standard biochemical screening .

In the only detailed study of tubular function in man , Diene et al found no evidence of continuing renal dysfunction in a group of nine patients with Crohn 's disease maintained on mesalazine 1.5 g daily for up to 12 weeks .
in the only detailed study of tubular [purpose] in man , diene et al found no evidence of continuing renal dysfunction in a group of nine patients with crohn 's disease maintained on mesalazine 1.5 g daily for up to 12 weeks .

In this study we have assessed renal function in a group of patients who have been maintained on delayed release mesalazine from six months to over six years .
in this study we have assessed renal [purpose] in a group of patients who have been maintained on delayed release mesalazine from six months to over six years .

Recent studies indicate that altered lysosomal function may be involved in the early stages of pancreatic injury .
recent studies indicate that altered lysosomal [purpose] may be involved in the early stages of pancreatic injury .

In vivo and in vitro animal studies have shown that ethanol alters the morphology and/or function of membranes of hepatocytes , erythrocytes , intestinal microvilli , and brain microsomes .
in vivo and in vitro animal studies have shown that ethanol alters the morphology and/or [purpose] of membranes of hepatocytes , erythrocytes , intestinal microvilli , and brain microsomes .

The genesis of abdominal pain or disordered bowel habit is generally ascribed to abnormal colonic motor function .
the genesis of abdominal pain or disordered bowel habit is generally ascribed to abnormal colonic motor [purpose] .

Despite research contributions for many countries the normal and pathological motor function of the colon remains poorly understood .
despite research contributions for many countries the normal and pathological motor [purpose] of the colon remains poorly understood .

This is due to part to the relative inaccessibility of the organ , its regional differences in structure and function , and to the capricious nature of motor events in the large bowel .
this is due to part to the relative inaccessibility of the organ , its regional differences in structure and [purpose] , and to the capricious nature of motor events in the large bowel .

It is difficult to measure colonic function simultaneously in its various parts and it is erroneous to extrapolate findings from one part to another .
it is difficult to measure colonic [purpose] simultaneously in its various parts and it is erroneous to extrapolate findings from one part to another .

Although some of these points have been considered , our understanding of colonic function has not increased much and measurements of colonic pressures have not found their way into routine clinical practice ; measurements of transit have a more practical value in selected patients .
although some of these points have been considered , our understanding of colonic [purpose] has not increased much and measurements of colonic pressures have not found their way into routine clinical practice ; measurements of transit have a more practical value in selected patients .

Colonic pressures can be measured with balloons , continually perfused catheters , freely mobile pressure sensitive radiotelemetry capsules , or solid state tube mounted strain gauges , each measuring different aspects of colonic motor function .
colonic pressures can be measured with balloons , continually perfused catheters , freely mobile pressure sensitive radiotelemetry capsules , or solid state tube mounted strain gauges , each measuring different aspects of colonic motor [purpose] .

Colonic motor function has also been investigated with electromyography , the electrodes being attached to the mucosa in the intact human .
colonic motor [purpose] has also been investigated with electromyography , the electrodes being attached to the mucosa in the intact human .

Even when abnormalities of colonic motor function are identified , it is not clear whether they are responsible for the symptoms .
even when abnormalities of colonic motor [purpose] are identified , it is not clear whether they are responsible for the symptoms .

Thus research into colonic motor function remains a challenging and potentially rewarding area where progress has been facilitated by recent technological advances .
thus research into colonic motor [purpose] remains a challenging and potentially rewarding area where progress has been facilitated by recent technological advances .

More precise knowledge of control of colonic motor function , coupled with basic research into the pathways that control colonic muscle , should eventually result in the development of drugs for modifying colonic motor function .
more precise knowledge of control of colonic motor [purpose] , coupled with basic research into the pathways that control colonic muscle , should eventually result in the development of drugs for modifying colonic motor [purpose] .

Before primary gall stones form , there must be at least a triple defect : ( i ) the secretion of bile that is supersaturated with cholesterol , ( ii ) a nucleation defect due to an excess of promotors or a deficiency of inhibitors of crystallisation , or both , and ( iii ) stasis within the gall bladder secondary to impaired gall bladder motor function .
before primary gall stones form , there must be at least a triple defect : ( i ) the secretion of bile that is supersaturated with cholesterol , ( ii ) a nucleation defect due to an excess of promotors or a deficiency of inhibitors of crystallisation , or both , and ( iii ) stasis within the gall bladder secondary to impaired gall bladder motor [purpose] .

The defect in gall bladder contractile function also persists after gall stone clearance by oral bile acids alone , or by extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy plus adjuvant bile acids .
the defect in gall bladder contractile [purpose] also persists after gall stone clearance by oral bile acids alone , or by extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy plus adjuvant bile acids .

Immune function was screened in five of the nine patients requiring biopsy and all tests were normal .
immune [purpose] was screened in five of the nine patients requiring biopsy and all tests were normal .

When administred for short periods its toxicity seems low but may cause nausea , abdominal cramps , and abnormal liver function tests .
when administred for short periods its toxicity seems low but may cause nausea , abdominal cramps , and abnormal liver [purpose] tests .

Standard liver function tests revealed serum alkaline phosphatase concentrations at least twice the upper limit of normal in 13 subjects , but a raised serum bilirubin in only three .
standard liver [purpose] tests revealed serum alkaline phosphatase concentrations at least twice the upper limit of normal in 13 subjects , but a raised serum bilirubin in only three .

Liver function tests were normal in four .
liver [purpose] tests were normal in four .

In 13 cases liver function tests improved or remained static from the time of diagnosis , and have remained normal in two of those still alive who had normal values at diagnosis .
in 13 cases liver [purpose] tests improved or remained static from the time of diagnosis , and have remained normal in two of those still alive who had normal values at diagnosis .

In primary sclerosing cholangitis standard liver function tests may improve after diagnosis — a result of diagnosis tending to be at times of maximal abnormality in a fluctuating course and likely therefore to be followed by a period of partial remission .
in primary sclerosing cholangitis standard liver [purpose] tests may improve after diagnosis — a result of diagnosis tending to be at times of maximal abnormality in a fluctuating course and likely therefore to be followed by a period of partial remission .

We have , therefore , chosen a control group , which comprised patients with normal liver function tests and in whom the gall bladder was removed during liver resection .
we have , therefore , chosen a control group , which comprised patients with normal liver [purpose] tests and in whom the gall bladder was removed during liver resection .

It may suppress cellular immunity , it sensitises hypoxic cells to radiation damage , and it may be mutagenic ; but there is no evidence that metronidazole affects neutrophil function directly .
it may suppress cellular immunity , it sensitises hypoxic cells to radiation damage , and it may be mutagenic ; but there is no evidence that metronidazole affects neutrophil [purpose] directly .

These observations may be of relevance in the pathogenesis of the disease as polyunsaturated fatty acids are involved in tissue eicosanoid synthesis and cellular membrane function , including that of immunocompetent cells .
these observations may be of relevance in the pathogenesis of the disease as polyunsaturated fatty acids are involved in tissue eicosanoid synthesis and cellular membrane [purpose] , including that of immunocompetent cells .

Chronic idiopathic intestinal pseudoobstruction is a serious disorder of intestinal neuromuscular function resulting in recurrent episodes of intestinal obstruction , and is caused by primary disease of the enteric nerves or enteric smooth muscle .
chronic idiopathic intestinal pseudoobstruction is a serious disorder of intestinal neuromuscular [purpose] resulting in recurrent episodes of intestinal obstruction , and is caused by primary disease of the enteric nerves or enteric smooth muscle .

Chronic idiopathic intestinal pseudoobstruction is an uncommon but serious disorder of intestinal neuromuscular function which results in recurrent episodes of intestinal obstruction without a mechanical cause , in vomiting , and in an inability to tolerate oral feeds .
chronic idiopathic intestinal pseudoobstruction is an uncommon but serious disorder of intestinal neuromuscular [purpose] which results in recurrent episodes of intestinal obstruction without a mechanical cause , in vomiting , and in an inability to tolerate oral feeds .

Chronic idiopathic intestinal pseudoobstruction is a disorder of motor function of the gastrointestinal tract as a result of disease of enteric nerves or smooth muscle cells .
chronic idiopathic intestinal pseudoobstruction is a disorder of motor [purpose] of the gastrointestinal tract as a result of disease of enteric nerves or smooth muscle cells .

Staging systematically included a bone marrow biopsy , chest and abdominal computed tomography , oropharyngolarynx examination , and liver function tests .
staging systematically included a bone marrow biopsy , chest and abdominal computed tomography , oropharyngolarynx examination , and liver [purpose] tests .

Before the editors of trade magazines start sticking sub-editors ' spikes in my effigy let me explain that their publications perform a valuable function and are extremely interesting to their readers .
before the editors of trade magazines start sticking sub-editors ' spikes in my effigy let me explain that their publications perform a valuable [purpose] and are extremely interesting to their readers .

These findings show that gastrin , under certain circumstances , may stimulate growth and function of the exocrine pancreas .
these findings show that gastrin , under certain circumstances , may stimulate growth and [purpose] of the exocrine pancreas .

Their liver function tests ( glutamic oxaloacetic transaminase , serum alkaline phosphatase , and serum bilirubin ) were all within the normal range .
their liver [purpose] tests ( glutamic oxaloacetic transaminase , serum alkaline phosphatase , and serum bilirubin ) were all within the normal range .

Gastrointestinal function in chronic radiation enteritis — effects of loperamide-N-oxide
gastrointestinal [purpose] in chronic radiation enteritis — effects of loperamide-n-oxide

The effects of loperamide-N-oxide , a new peripheral opiate agonist precursor , on gastrointestinal function were evaluated in 18 patients with diarrhoea caused by chronic radiation enteritis .
the effects of loperamide-n-oxide , a new peripheral opiate agonist precursor , on gastrointestinal [purpose] were evaluated in 18 patients with diarrhoea caused by chronic radiation enteritis .

While changes in intestinal absorption and motility unrelated to bacterial overgrowth have been implicated in the aetiology of diarrhoea , there has been no comprehensive evaluation of gastrointestinal function in chronic radiation enteritis .
while changes in intestinal absorption and motility unrelated to bacterial overgrowth have been implicated in the aetiology of diarrhoea , there has been no comprehensive evaluation of gastrointestinal [purpose] in chronic radiation enteritis .

This study aimed to evaluate various aspects of gastrointestinal function in patients with diarrhoea caused by chronic radiation enteritis and the effects of treatment with the peripheral opiate agonist precursor loperamide-N-oxide .
this study aimed to evaluate various aspects of gastrointestinal [purpose] in patients with diarrhoea caused by chronic radiation enteritis and the effects of treatment with the peripheral opiate agonist precursor loperamide-n-oxide .

The two patients who withdrew ( numbers 6 and 13 ) felt they could no longer cope with the programme of evaluations of gastrointestinal function required in the protocol .
the two patients who withdrew ( numbers 6 and 13 ) felt they could no longer cope with the programme of evaluations of gastrointestinal [purpose] required in the protocol .

The possibility that abnormalities in intestinal motor function may be important has also been recognised .
the possibility that abnormalities in intestinal motor [purpose] may be important has also been recognised .

In the first comprehensive study of intestinal function in patients with diarrhoea caused by chronic radiation enteritis , we have shown a high prevalence of abnormalities in intestinal transit and absorption .
in the first comprehensive study of intestinal [purpose] in patients with diarrhoea caused by chronic radiation enteritis , we have shown a high prevalence of abnormalities in intestinal transit and absorption .

Although there is unequivocal evidence of damage to the intestinal smooth muscle in chronic radiation enteritis , we are unaware of any studies of intestinal motor function in chronic radiation enteritis in either animals or humans .
although there is unequivocal evidence of damage to the intestinal smooth muscle in chronic radiation enteritis , we are unaware of any studies of intestinal motor [purpose] in chronic radiation enteritis in either animals or humans .

As experience with the procedure has increased a wide range of functional results has been reported ; some patients achieve virtually normal bowel function , whereas a few suffer from urgency and frequency of defecation and even incontinence .
as experience with the procedure has increased a wide range of functional results has been reported ; some patients achieve virtually normal bowel [purpose] , whereas a few suffer from urgency and frequency of defecation and even incontinence .

Each patient underwent studies of anal sphincteric function before operation and a median of 12 months ( range 3–24 months ) after operation .
each patient underwent studies of anal sphincteric [purpose] before operation and a median of 12 months ( range 3–24 months ) after operation .

The effect of age on anorectal function in normal people has been investigated previously .
the effect of age on anorectal [purpose] in normal people has been investigated previously .

The best way to preserve the full function of the anal sphincter in our opinion is to avoid stripping its mucosal lining and to anastomose the pelvic reservoir end to end to the top of the aal canal , rather than endoanally .
the best way to preserve the full [purpose] of the anal sphincter in our opinion is to avoid stripping its mucosal lining and to anastomose the pelvic reservoir end to end to the top of the aal canal , rather than endoanally .

Mucosal proctectomy , by contrast , in which full thickness ileum is anastomosed to the anus within the sphincter at the dentate line , seems from first principles more likely to impair the function of th sphincter , and in fact has been shown in several studies to decrease maximum resting anal pressure , although the magnitude of that decrease has varied between studies .
mucosal proctectomy , by contrast , in which full thickness ileum is anastomosed to the anus within the sphincter at the dentate line , seems from first principles more likely to impair the [purpose] of th sphincter , and in fact has been shown in several studies to decrease maximum resting anal pressure , although the magnitude of that decrease has varied between studies .

It was concluded that a full mucosectomy does not compromise function and that surgical removal of the disease is more complete , this continues to be the view held by the Mayo clinic group .
it was concluded that a full mucosectomy does not compromise [purpose] and that surgical removal of the disease is more complete , this continues to be the view held by the mayo clinic group .

The thirty six patients who underwent paired physiological tests of anal motor , sensory , and reflex function before and a median of 12 months after operation were typical of patients who undergo elective restorative proctocolectomy for ulcerative colitis worldwide .
the thirty six patients who underwent paired physiological tests of anal motor , sensory , and reflex [purpose] before and a median of 12 months after operation were typical of patients who undergo elective restorative proctocolectomy for ulcerative colitis worldwide .

As this oesophageal motor activity is non-peristaltic in nature , it probably doies not have a function in clearing the oesophageal lumen from residual contents or refluxed materials .
as this oesophageal motor activity is non-peristaltic in nature , it probably doies not have a [purpose] in clearing the oesophageal lumen from residual contents or refluxed materials .

This is by contrast with phase 3 in the antrum and small intestine , which was shown to have a cleaning , ‘ housekeeper ’ function .
this is by contrast with phase 3 in the antrum and small intestine , which was shown to have a cleaning , ‘ housekeeper ’ [purpose] .

Although controversial , it now seems likely that the striking ‘ in vitro ’ findings of reduced neutrophil mobilisation and altered function in patients with inflammatory bowel disease are not intrinsic to the cell but reflect neutrophil conditioning by different inflammatory milieu .
although controversial , it now seems likely that the striking ‘ in vitro ’ findings of reduced neutrophil mobilisation and altered [purpose] in patients with inflammatory bowel disease are not intrinsic to the cell but reflect neutrophil conditioning by different inflammatory milieu .

Restorative proctocolectomy is a useful operation for ulcerative colitis , familial adenomatous polyposis , and some diseases where colonic function is severely disturbed .
restorative proctocolectomy is a useful operation for ulcerative colitis , familial adenomatous polyposis , and some diseases where colonic [purpose] is severely disturbed .

The aim of the operation is to ablate the diseased bowel while preserving normal function of the anal sphincter .
the aim of the operation is to ablate the diseased bowel while preserving normal [purpose] of the anal sphincter .

Similarly , there were 10 patients with longstanding acquired megacolon and megarectum with normal ileal function and acceptable anal sphincter activity who have been treated by restorative proctocolectomy .
similarly , there were 10 patients with longstanding acquired megacolon and megarectum with normal ileal [purpose] and acceptable anal sphincter activity who have been treated by restorative proctocolectomy .

In half ( 11 cases ) this was at the patients ' request because of poor function .
in half ( 11 cases ) this was at the patients ' request because of poor [purpose] .

On the other hand , in adult megacolon with a megarectum , the results are extremely good provided small bowel and anal function are normal .
on the other hand , in adult megacolon with a megarectum , the results are extremely good provided small bowel and anal [purpose] are normal .

Elderly patients should not necessarily be denied the operation if they are fit and have normal anal function .
elderly patients should not necessarily be denied the operation if they are fit and have normal anal [purpose] .

The identification of symptomatic gall stones after operation might imply that the enterohepatic circulation of bile salts is disturbed by altering the function of the terminal ileum after this operation .
the identification of symptomatic gall stones after operation might imply that the enterohepatic circulation of bile salts is disturbed by altering the [purpose] of the terminal ileum after this operation .

It is clear that ethanol has a duel action on the secretory function of the gastric parietal cell ; at low concentrations it stimulates gastric secretion and at high concentrations it has no effect or an inhibitory one .
it is clear that ethanol has a duel action on the secretory [purpose] of the gastric parietal cell ; at low concentrations it stimulates gastric secretion and at high concentrations it has no effect or an inhibitory one .

Studies have been done on humans , intact animals , isolated gastric mucosa , and gastric cell cultures to study the effect of ethanol on gastric cell function .
studies have been done on humans , intact animals , isolated gastric mucosa , and gastric cell cultures to study the effect of ethanol on gastric cell [purpose] .

Liver function tests showed normal bilirubin and transaminases but raised alkaline phosphatase at 1062 IU/l ( normal < 300 IU/l ) .
liver [purpose] tests showed normal bilirubin and transaminases but raised alkaline phosphatase at 1062 iu/l ( normal < 300 iu/l ) .

The reflex is a component of normal anorectal behaviour and its integrity is assessed routinely during the investigation of patients with disordered anorectal function .
the reflex is a component of normal anorectal behaviour and its integrity is assessed routinely during the investigation of patients with disordered anorectal [purpose] .

This may be a result of impaired gastrointestinal function secondary to poor nutritional status , but the role of achlorhydria in the development of malnutrition has not been investigated .
this may be a result of impaired gastrointestinal [purpose] secondary to poor nutritional status , but the role of achlorhydria in the development of malnutrition has not been investigated .

Serum urea and electrolytes , liver function tests , coagulation , and red cell folate were seldom abnormal and when they were it was probably because of an unrelated coexistent disease .
serum urea and electrolytes , liver [purpose] tests , coagulation , and red cell folate were seldom abnormal and when they were it was probably because of an unrelated coexistent disease .

little is known of the longterm effects of fundoplication on oesophageal function .
little is known of the longterm effects of fundoplication on oesophageal [purpose] .

The purpose of this study was to evaluate the longterm clinical and endoscopical effects of Nissen fundoplication performed for reflux , including assessment of oesophageal function .
the purpose of this study was to evaluate the longterm clinical and endoscopical effects of nissen fundoplication performed for reflux , including assessment of oesophageal [purpose] .

Our patients were interviewed individually before endoscopy or function tests .
our patients were interviewed individually before endoscopy or [purpose] tests .

Two others refused function tests , but were endoscopically normal .
two others refused [purpose] tests , but were endoscopically normal .

Dysphagia caused by an excessively tight wrap should be most evident when the wrap is intact , but in all of our patients with dysphagia and intact wrap the symptoms were occasional and not disturbing unless there was some other abnormality ( Barrett 's oesophagus , oesophagitis or impaired gastro-oesophageal function ) .
dysphagia caused by an excessively tight wrap should be most evident when the wrap is intact , but in all of our patients with dysphagia and intact wrap the symptoms were occasional and not disturbing unless there was some other abnormality ( barrett 's oesophagus , oesophagitis or impaired gastro-oesophageal [purpose] ) .

Loss of tumour suppressor function requires inactivation of both alleles , usually by chromosomal deletion or point mutation , or both .
loss of tumour suppressor [purpose] requires inactivation of both alleles , usually by chromosomal deletion or point mutation , or both .

Declining gastric acid secretion has been considered a consequence of ageing but this view is being reconsidered as the importance of Helicobacter pylori infection to gastroduodenal function is recognised .
declining gastric acid secretion has been considered a consequence of ageing but this view is being reconsidered as the importance of helicobacter pylori infection to gastroduodenal [purpose] is recognised .

The use of simultaneous 24 hour intraoesophageal pH measurement and four channel manometry , objective and highly reproducible techniques for assessing acid reflux and oesophageal motor function , allowed us to find whether the effect of treatment onoesophageal pH was attributable to changes in oesophageal body motility .
the use of simultaneous 24 hour intraoesophageal ph measurement and four channel manometry , objective and highly reproducible techniques for assessing acid reflux and oesophageal motor [purpose] , allowed us to find whether the effect of treatment onoesophageal ph was attributable to changes in oesophageal body motility .

Therefore additional effects of cisapride on gastrooesophageal motility such as an improvement of lower oesophageal sphincter function and an acceleration of gastric emptying might contribute to the reduction in acid reflux .
therefore additional effects of cisapride on gastrooesophageal motility such as an improvement of lower oesophageal sphincter [purpose] and an acceleration of gastric emptying might contribute to the reduction in acid reflux .

Gall bladder epithelial cells serve numerous biological functions and abnormalities in their function are important in the pathogenesis of several gall bladder diseases .
gall bladder epithelial cells serve numerous biological functions and abnormalities in their [purpose] are important in the pathogenesis of several gall bladder diseases .

Direct studies on cell function are rare due to lack of reliable methods to culture this epithelium .
direct studies on cell [purpose] are rare due to lack of reliable methods to culture this epithelium .

More recently , other research workers used human and animal gall bladders to study aspects of epithelial cell function in relation to gall stone formation .
more recently , other research workers used human and animal gall bladders to study aspects of epithelial cell [purpose] in relation to gall stone formation .

The development of a simple method of gall bladder cell culture from a readily accessble source will facilitate the study of several aspects of the gall bladder epithelial cell function and in particular the regulation of ion transport and hydrogen ion secretion , identification and cloning of the several antiport systems and channels operating on the cell membrane , regulation of mucin secretion and prostaglandin metabolism , and will enhance the understanding of the pathophysiological mechanisms of gall bladder disorders .
the development of a simple method of gall bladder cell culture from a readily accessble source will facilitate the study of several aspects of the gall bladder epithelial cell [purpose] and in particular the regulation of ion transport and hydrogen ion secretion , identification and cloning of the several antiport systems and channels operating on the cell membrane , regulation of mucin secretion and prostaglandin metabolism , and will enhance the understanding of the pathophysiological mechanisms of gall bladder disorders .

Florid active mucosal inflammation with disturbed bowel function , often called ‘ pouchitis ’ , is a comparatively common complication of ileal reservoirs created after colectomy , usually for ulcerative colitis , occurring in roughly 20% of cases ( range 7–42% ) .
florid active mucosal inflammation with disturbed bowel [purpose] , often called ‘ pouchitis ’ , is a comparatively common complication of ileal reservoirs created after colectomy , usually for ulcerative colitis , occurring in roughly 20% of cases ( range 7–42% ) .

The stimulation of the breath and the improvement to the function of the body help in maintaining good health and , perhaps more importantly , a sense of well being .
the stimulation of the breath and the improvement to the [purpose] of the body help in maintaining good health and , perhaps more importantly , a sense of well being .

Oesophageal motor function before and after healing of oesophagitis
oesophageal motor [purpose] before and after healing of oesophagitis

Forty three with reflux oesophagitis were studied to investigate the effect of healing on oesophageal function .
forty three with reflux oesophagitis were studied to investigate the effect of healing on oesophageal [purpose] .

There was no significant change in any of the indices of oesophageal function after healing of oesophagitis ( lower oesophageal sphincter pressure =16.5 v 20 ; distal amplitude=52 v 60 ; middle amplitude=46 v 49 ; duration of contraction =3.1 v 3.1 ; velocity=3.3 v 3.3 ; erect transit time=9 v 9 ; supine transit time=17 v 24 ; acid clearance test ( sitting ) =350 v 371 ; acid clearance test ( supine ) =536 v 645 ) .
there was no significant change in any of the indices of oesophageal [purpose] after healing of oesophagitis ( lower oesophageal sphincter pressure =16.5 v 20 ; distal amplitude=52 v 60 ; middle amplitude=46 v 49 ; duration of contraction =3.1 v 3.1 ; velocity=3.3 v 3.3 ; erect transit time=9 v 9 ; supine transit time=17 v 24 ; acid clearance test ( sitting ) =350 v 371 ; acid clearance test ( supine ) =536 v 645 ) .

The key element in the pathogenesis of reflux oesophagitis is the acid load at the oesophageal mucosal surface which is a function of the hydrogen ion concentration and the duration of exposure to it .
the key element in the pathogenesis of reflux oesophagitis is the acid load at the oesophageal mucosal surface which is a [purpose] of the hydrogen ion concentration and the duration of exposure to it .

The degree of acid load is in turn determined by the barrier function of the lower oesophageal sphincter and the ability of the oesophagus to expel any refluxate back into the stomach .
the degree of acid load is in turn determined by the barrier [purpose] of the lower oesophageal sphincter and the ability of the oesophagus to expel any refluxate back into the stomach .

The latter is dependent on the effectiveness of peristaltic function .
the latter is dependent on the effectiveness of peristaltic [purpose] .

Because of the uncertainty surrounding this important issue we undertook this study , looking at a much larger number of patients and measuring several indices of oesophageal function .
because of the uncertainty surrounding this important issue we undertook this study , looking at a much larger number of patients and measuring several indices of oesophageal [purpose] .

Univariate analysis was undertaken initially to examine the effect of a number of individual patient characteristics ( age , sex , body mass index , smoking , alcohol consumption , hiatus hernia , grade of oesophagitis , and presence or absence of Barrett 's oesophagus ) on the indices of oesophageal function ( oesophageal transit times , lower oesophageal sphincter pressure , oesophageal body amplitudes , durations of contraction , velocity of propagation , and acid clearance times ) .
univariate analysis was undertaken initially to examine the effect of a number of individual patient characteristics ( age , sex , body mass index , smoking , alcohol consumption , hiatus hernia , grade of oesophagitis , and presence or absence of barrett 's oesophagus ) on the indices of oesophageal [purpose] ( oesophageal transit times , lower oesophageal sphincter pressure , oesophageal body amplitudes , durations of contraction , velocity of propagation , and acid clearance times ) .

Any patient characteristics which gave a p value of ≤0.1 or less were then used together in a multifactorial model in an analysis of variance with each index of oesophageal function being the dependent variable .
any patient characteristics which gave a p value of ≤0.1 or less were then used together in a multifactorial model in an analysis of variance with each index of oesophageal [purpose] being the dependent variable .

There have been a number of studies attempting to look at the vexed question of the effect of healing of oesophagitis on oesophageal function .
there have been a number of studies attempting to look at the vexed question of the effect of healing of oesophagitis on oesophageal [purpose] .

Our study is different in that the numbers are larger , the entry criteria and the endpoints are strictly defined , and many more indices of oesophageal function have been examined .
our study is different in that the numbers are larger , the entry criteria and the endpoints are strictly defined , and many more indices of oesophageal [purpose] have been examined .

Using analysis of variance in unifactorial and multifactorial models , age did not seem to have a bearing on any of the parameters of esophageal function .
using analysis of variance in unifactorial and multifactorial models , age did not seem to have a bearing on any of the parameters of esophageal [purpose] .

It could , therefore , be argued that omeprazole may have influenced our results either through a possible direct effect on the various parameters of oesophageal function or indirectly through other mechanisms such as hypergastrinaemia .
it could , therefore , be argued that omeprazole may have influenced our results either through a possible direct effect on the various parameters of oesophageal [purpose] or indirectly through other mechanisms such as hypergastrinaemia .

It was noticeable in our study that oesophageal peristaltic dysfunction was a commoner and more pronounced abnormality than reduced lower oesophageal sphincter pressure , which suggests that impaired oesophageal clearance may play a larger part in the pathophysiology of this condition than the defective barrier function of lower oesophageal sphincter .
it was noticeable in our study that oesophageal peristaltic dysfunction was a commoner and more pronounced abnormality than reduced lower oesophageal sphincter pressure , which suggests that impaired oesophageal clearance may play a larger part in the pathophysiology of this condition than the defective barrier [purpose] of lower oesophageal sphincter .

We have shown that the abnormalities of oesophageal motor function in patients with reflux oesophagitis do not improve after complete healing of oesophagitis .
we have shown that the abnormalities of oesophageal motor [purpose] in patients with reflux oesophagitis do not improve after complete healing of oesophagitis .

Virtually all of those currently available have been reported to cause liver damage which can range from minor transient abnormalities in liver function tests to fulminant hepatic necrosis .
virtually all of those currently available have been reported to cause liver damage which can range from minor transient abnormalities in liver [purpose] tests to fulminant hepatic necrosis .

Deterioration in her mental status and renal function occurred , and on 31 May she died , three months after the onset of her illness .
deterioration in her mental status and renal [purpose] occurred , and on 31 may she died , three months after the onset of her illness .

Sixteen days after liver transplantation a deterioration in liver function tests occurred and liver biopsy showed cytomegalovirus inclusion bodies .
sixteen days after liver transplantation a deterioration in liver [purpose] tests occurred and liver biopsy showed cytomegalovirus inclusion bodies .

Normal liver function tests were recorded after a reported ingestion of 1800 mg piroxicam .
normal liver [purpose] tests were recorded after a reported ingestion of 1800 mg piroxicam .

Figure 4 shows the percentage of biliary cholesterol in the vesicular phase as a function of the amount of lecithin added .
figure 4 shows the percentage of biliary cholesterol in the vesicular phase as a [purpose] of the amount of lecithin added .

Biochemical analysis including standard liver and renal function tests , as performed daily until death or recovery .
biochemical analysis including standard liver and renal [purpose] tests , as performed daily until death or recovery .

Differentiation between remission/mild and moderate disease is mostly a function of stool frequency .
differentiation between remission/mild and moderate disease is mostly a [purpose] of stool frequency .

Renal function was followed by measuring the serum creatinine at entry , weekly for one month , and then monthly for the remainder of the study .
renal [purpose] was followed by measuring the serum creatinine at entry , weekly for one month , and then monthly for the remainder of the study .

Most patients without renal disease receiving cyclosporin have a 20 % or more decline in renal function during the first six months of treatment with little progression thereafter .
most patients without renal disease receiving cyclosporin have a 20 % or more decline in renal [purpose] during the first six months of treatment with little progression thereafter .

Endoscopic sclerotherapy , shunt surgery , and staple transection of the oesophagus ( haemostatic procedures ) or liver transplantation ( a procedure which solves both the problems of impaired liver function and of portal hypertension ) should all be considered for this high risk group .
endoscopic sclerotherapy , shunt surgery , and staple transection of the oesophagus ( haemostatic procedures ) or liver transplantation ( a procedure which solves both the problems of impaired liver [purpose] and of portal hypertension ) should all be considered for this high risk group .

This suggests that , besides the residual liver function , the amount of the first variceal haemorrhage as reflected by the transfusion requirements for 72 hours after admission , is a key variable for estimating short term survival .
this suggests that , besides the residual liver [purpose] , the amount of the first variceal haemorrhage as reflected by the transfusion requirements for 72 hours after admission , is a key variable for estimating short term survival .

First , that early prognosis after the first variceal haemorrhage is not only related to the residual liver function but also to the requirement in transfusions within the 72 hours after the admission .
first , that early prognosis after the first variceal haemorrhage is not only related to the residual liver [purpose] but also to the requirement in transfusions within the 72 hours after the admission .

The major question , which can not be answered until treatment has been attempted , is whether success would only result in preserving what function remains or whether the epithelial cells could reconstitute and resore function to damaged areas of the lung and gut .
the major question , which can not be answered until treatment has been attempted , is whether success would only result in preserving what [purpose] remains or whether the epithelial cells could reconstitute and resore [purpose] to damaged areas of the lung and gut .

Many single gene inherited diseases are caused by mutations which affect hepatic function , including haemophilia , phenylketonuria , and many of the disorders of cholesterol metabolism .
many single gene inherited diseases are caused by mutations which affect hepatic [purpose] , including haemophilia , phenylketonuria , and many of the disorders of cholesterol metabolism .

All had normal liver function tests .
all had normal liver [purpose] tests .

Ten of these 15 patients had active disease but normal serum liver function tests .
ten of these 15 patients had active disease but normal serum liver [purpose] tests .

This particular patient had normal liver function tests and was in remission on sulphasalazine therapy only .
this particular patient had normal liver [purpose] tests and was in remission on sulphasalazine therapy only .

The unconjugated faecal bile acid profiles of 14 patients with colorectal cancer , nine patients with polyps and 10 controls were compared using gas liquid chromatography , controlling for such confounding variables as cholecystectomy , gall stones and hepatic function .
the unconjugated faecal bile acid profiles of 14 patients with colorectal cancer , nine patients with polyps and 10 controls were compared using gas liquid chromatography , controlling for such confounding variables as cholecystectomy , gall stones and hepatic [purpose] .

All groups underwent abdominal ultrasound scan to determine the presence of gall stones and exclude liver metastases in the cancer group , as well as biochemical tests to assess hepatic and renal function .
all groups underwent abdominal ultrasound scan to determine the presence of gall stones and exclude liver metastases in the cancer group , as well as biochemical tests to assess hepatic and renal [purpose] .

Patients with abnormal liver function tests , gall stones , previous cholecystectomy , or hepatic metastases were excluded .
patients with abnormal liver [purpose] tests , gall stones , previous cholecystectomy , or hepatic metastases were excluded .

One of the key elements of this study was the exercise of tight control over variables which may influence faecal bile acid profiles ; age , transit time , gall stones , cholecystectomy , hepatic function , hepatic metastases , previous surgery , and antibiotics .
one of the key elements of this study was the exercise of tight control over variables which may influence faecal bile acid profiles ; age , transit time , gall stones , cholecystectomy , hepatic [purpose] , hepatic metastases , previous surgery , and antibiotics .

Despite the fact that the liver has an extensive neural network , the importance of nervous regulation of hepatic function is poorly understood .
despite the fact that the liver has an extensive neural network , the importance of nervous regulation of hepatic [purpose] is poorly understood .

In particular , the capacity of central nervous system centres to influence liver function has not been evaluated .
in particular , the capacity of central nervous system centres to influence liver [purpose] has not been evaluated .

The cephalic phase response to feeding is one of the best recognised examples of modulation of the gut secretory function by the central nervous system .
the cephalic phase response to feeding is one of the best recognised examples of modulation of the gut secretory [purpose] by the central nervous system .

Despite these and other reports the role of central neural regulation of hepatic secretory function remained poorly defined .
despite these and other reports the role of central neural regulation of hepatic secretory [purpose] remained poorly defined .

The finding by Fritz and Brooks that vagotomy abolishes the choleretic response to feeding in cholecystectomised dogs suggests that , at least as regards the digestive function of bile , neural regulation of biliary secretion may be of greater functional importance than is generally acknowledged .
the finding by fritz and brooks that vagotomy abolishes the choleretic response to feeding in cholecystectomised dogs suggests that , at least as regards the digestive [purpose] of bile , neural regulation of biliary secretion may be of greater functional importance than is generally acknowledged .

Hence , the dose response relationship for the trophic effect of gastrin on the enterochromaffin like cells seems to follow a polynominal rather than a linear function .
hence , the dose response relationship for the trophic effect of gastrin on the enterochromaffin like cells seems to follow a polynominal rather than a linear [purpose] .

The dose response curve for the trophic effect of gastrin is best described by a quadratic function with a maximal effect of gastrin at a plasma concentration in the range 200–500 pmol/l .
the dose response curve for the trophic effect of gastrin is best described by a quadratic [purpose] with a maximal effect of gastrin at a plasma concentration in the range 200–500 pmol/l .

Despite these many reports , a comprehensive evaluation of the motor function at different levels of the gastrointestinal tract in diabetic patients has never been carried out .
despite these many reports , a comprehensive evaluation of the motor [purpose] at different levels of the gastrointestinal tract in diabetic patients has never been carried out .

We have calculated potential correlations between any disturbed motor function and the presence or absence of cardiovascular autonomic neuropathy .
we have calculated potential correlations between any disturbed motor [purpose] and the presence or absence of cardiovascular autonomic neuropathy .

Furthermore , we have analysed potential correlations between individual motor function disturbances and age or duration of diabetes using univariate histograms and bivariate scatter plots ( generalized draftman 's display ) .
furthermore , we have analysed potential correlations between individual motor [purpose] disturbances and age or duration of diabetes using univariate histograms and bivariate scatter plots ( generalized draftman 's display ) .

Studies on isolated mononuclear cells from the colonic mucosa can be misleading , however , because of the lack of a reliable and efficient technique to purify intestinal macrophages without altering their function .
studies on isolated mononuclear cells from the colonic mucosa can be misleading , however , because of the lack of a reliable and efficient technique to purify intestinal macrophages without altering their [purpose] .

Relevant preoperative clinical details were recorded as well as routine laboratory investigations ( full blood count , hepatic and renal function tests ) and radiological assessments ( chest radiographs , abdominal computed tomography , and ultrasound scans ) .
relevant preoperative clinical details were recorded as well as routine laboratory investigations ( full blood count , hepatic and renal [purpose] tests ) and radiological assessments ( chest radiographs , abdominal computed tomography , and ultrasound scans ) .

Splenic function in alcoholic liver disease
splenic [purpose] in alcoholic liver disease

Splenic function was assessed in 42 patients with alcoholic liver disease by counting the percentage of erythroxytes with indentations or pits , seen by differential interference contrast microscopy .
splenic [purpose] was assessed in 42 patients with alcoholic liver disease by counting the percentage of erythroxytes with indentations or pits , seen by differential interference contrast microscopy .

Functional hyposplenism , that is reduced splenic function in the presence of the spleen is recognised to occur in a number of conditions including inflammatory bowel disease , coeliac disease , sickle cell anaemia , systemic lupus erythematosus , thyrotoxicosis , amyloid , and in old age .
functional hyposplenism , that is reduced splenic [purpose] in the presence of the spleen is recognised to occur in a number of conditions including inflammatory bowel disease , coeliac disease , sickle cell anaemia , systemic lupus erythematosus , thyrotoxicosis , amyloid , and in old age .

In the latter technique , splenic function is assessed by counting the percentage of erythrocytes with indentations or pits normally removed by the spleen .
in the latter technique , splenic [purpose] is assessed by counting the percentage of erythrocytes with indentations or pits normally removed by the spleen .

It has been shown to correlate well with the assessment of splenic function by other methods in patients with treated adult coeliac disease and in such cases there is a correlation between splenic function and splenic volume computed from scintiscans after injection of radiolabelled heat damaged red cells or 9 9 m Tc labelled sulphur colloid .
it has been shown to correlate well with the assessment of splenic [purpose] by other methods in patients with treated adult coeliac disease and in such cases there is a correlation between splenic [purpose] and splenic volume computed from scintiscans after injection of radiolabelled heat damaged red cells or 9 9 m tc labelled sulphur colloid .

In this group there is often impairment of cellular and humoral defences against infection but there is little information on splenic function .
in this group there is often impairment of cellular and humoral defences against infection but there is little information on splenic [purpose] .

The aim of the present study was therefore to assess splenic function in chronic alcoholics , and to see whether functional hyposplenism might be a contributory factor in their predisposition to infection .
the aim of the present study was therefore to assess splenic [purpose] in chronic alcoholics , and to see whether functional hyposplenism might be a contributory factor in their predisposition to infection .

Those patients who had not had liver biopsies had had significantly abnormal liver function tests and/or ultrasound or isotopic scanning evidence of liver disease .
those patients who had not had liver biopsies had had significantly abnormal liver [purpose] tests and/or ultrasound or isotopic scanning evidence of liver disease .

Splenic function was assessed by counting the number of erythrocyte indentations or pits using the method described by Corazza .
splenic [purpose] was assessed by counting the number of erythrocyte indentations or pits using the method described by corazza .

This ‘ hypersplenic hyposplenism ’ suggested that in this group splenic function had little to do with spleen size .
this ‘ hypersplenic hyposplenism ’ suggested that in this group splenic [purpose] had little to do with spleen size .

Although only an indirect method of assessing splenic function , the measurement of pitted erythrocyte counts has been shown to correlate well with other measurements of splenic function , albeit in particular circumstances such as treated coeliac disease .
although only an indirect method of assessing splenic [purpose] , the measurement of pitted erythrocyte counts has been shown to correlate well with other measurements of splenic [purpose] , albeit in particular circumstances such as treated coeliac disease .

While it does not necessarily imply that defective pitting is associated with defective immunological activity , using the technique of differential interference contrast microscopy , this study has highlighted the existence of functional hyposplenism in alcoholic liver disease and suggests that defective splenic function may be an additional mechanism involved in the susceptibility of this group of patients to infection .
while it does not necessarily imply that defective pitting is associated with defective immunological activity , using the technique of differential interference contrast microscopy , this study has highlighted the existence of functional hyposplenism in alcoholic liver disease and suggests that defective splenic [purpose] may be an additional mechanism involved in the susceptibility of this group of patients to infection .

As yet , we do not have the evidence that long term abstinence improves splenic function .
as yet , we do not have the evidence that long term abstinence improves splenic [purpose] .

Spleen size may play a vital role but other reports have shown that this relates poorly with function and indeed two of the current series had palpable splenomegaly and functional hyposplenism .
spleen size may play a vital role but other reports have shown that this relates poorly with [purpose] and indeed two of the current series had palpable splenomegaly and functional hyposplenism .

Explanations for their increased susceptibility include the impairment of humoral and cellular host defences , defective reticuloendothelial phagocytic function and impaired complement activity .
explanations for their increased susceptibility include the impairment of humoral and cellular host defences , defective reticuloendothelial phagocytic [purpose] and impaired complement activity .

The Sheffield group has shown similar postoperative complications , together with disseminated intravascular coagulation in patients with inflammatory bowel disease undergoing surgery who were found to have defective splenic function as assessed by the clearance of heat damaged erythrocytes .
the sheffield group has shown similar postoperative complications , together with disseminated intravascular coagulation in patients with inflammatory bowel disease undergoing surgery who were found to have defective splenic [purpose] as assessed by the clearance of heat damaged erythrocytes .

The accuracy of non-invasive radionuclide angiography in detecting portal vein occlusion was assessed in 61 patients — 10 with portal vein occlusion confirmed by conventional portography , 25 with chronic liver disease and a patent portal vein ( mild=12 , severe=13 ) , and 26 with normal liver function who served as controls .
the accuracy of non-invasive radionuclide angiography in detecting portal vein occlusion was assessed in 61 patients — 10 with portal vein occlusion confirmed by conventional portography , 25 with chronic liver disease and a patent portal vein ( mild=12 , severe=13 ) , and 26 with normal liver [purpose] who served as controls .

Recently several studies have emphasised the importance of serum glucose concentrations in the regulation of gastrointestinal function .
recently several studies have emphasised the importance of serum glucose concentrations in the regulation of gastrointestinal [purpose] .

It has been suggested that hyperglycaemia reduces gastrointestinal function through inhibition of the vagal cholinergic system .
it has been suggested that hyperglycaemia reduces gastrointestinal [purpose] through inhibition of the vagal cholinergic system .

In several studies it has been suggested that gastrointestinal function is related to blood glucose concentrations .
in several studies it has been suggested that gastrointestinal [purpose] is related to blood glucose concentrations .

It is possible that metabolic , hormonal , or neural changes secondary to hyperglycaemia , rather than glucose itself , modulate gastrointestinal function .
it is possible that metabolic , hormonal , or neural changes secondary to hyperglycaemia , rather than glucose itself , modulate gastrointestinal [purpose] .

For instance , high glucose concentrations stimulate insulin secretion in healthy volunteers and hyperinsulinemia affects gastrointestinal function .
for instance , high glucose concentrations stimulate insulin secretion in healthy volunteers and hyperinsulinemia affects gastrointestinal [purpose] .

The presence of HAPCs was suggestive of normal colonic function ; HAPCs were found after meals in all non-constipated subjects , but not in patients with myopathy or in most patients with neuropathy .
the presence of hapcs was suggestive of normal colonic [purpose] ; hapcs were found after meals in all non-constipated subjects , but not in patients with myopathy or in most patients with neuropathy .

An intact autonomic nervous supply to the bowel is essential for normal function .
an intact autonomic nervous supply to the bowel is essential for normal [purpose] .

Sweat regulation has been used as a test of autonomic nervous system function in diabetics since 1942 .
sweat regulation has been used as a test of autonomic nervous system [purpose] in diabetics since 1942 .

The loss of sudomotor function seen in constipated patients in this study would at first indicate a degree of impairment of the sympathetic nervous system which would result in the loss of inhibitory tone on gut smooth muscle .
the loss of sudomotor [purpose] seen in constipated patients in this study would at first indicate a degree of impairment of the sympathetic nervous system which would result in the loss of inhibitory tone on gut smooth muscle .

If an autonomic neuropathy is present , it is unlikely that a selective sympathetic impairment would occur in the presence of normal parasympathetic function .
if an autonomic neuropathy is present , it is unlikely that a selective sympathetic impairment would occur in the presence of normal parasympathetic [purpose] .

The decreased sweating function and slow transit constipation seen in our patients could be a consequence of a mild cholinergic dysautonomia , rather than a sign of a more prominent sympathetic failure .
the decreased sweating [purpose] and slow transit constipation seen in our patients could be a consequence of a mild cholinergic dysautonomia , rather than a sign of a more prominent sympathetic failure .

All of the patients had undergone extensive investigations to evaluate their intestinal function .
all of the patients had undergone extensive investigations to evaluate their intestinal [purpose] .

The internal audit function reports to the Audit Committee .
the internal audit [purpose] reports to the audit committee .

This may be in part a search for higher returns but it must also be a function of the desire to diversify away from the risk of the domestic market .
this may be in part a search for higher returns but it must also be a [purpose] of the desire to diversify away from the risk of the domestic market .

Explain and critically discuss the proposition that the Black-Scholes model demonstrates how an option 's value is an explicit function of the characteristics of the underlying asset .
explain and critically discuss the proposition that the black-scholes model demonstrates how an option 's value is an explicit [purpose] of the characteristics of the underlying asset .

Forward contracts and financial futures contracts perform exactly the same function .
forward contracts and financial futures contracts perform exactly the same [purpose] .

The Accounts Function
the accounts [purpose]

Cumulative Density Function
cumulative density [purpose]

Each function embraces three vertical columns , the centre one on its own and the other two shared with the other functions .
each [purpose] embraces three vertical columns , the centre one on its own and the other two shared with the other functions .

’ is seen to be mainly the province of the marketing function .
’ is seen to be mainly the province of the marketing [purpose] .

The analysis of function requires concise and unambiguous definition of the functions performed by the part investigated .
the analysis of [purpose] requires concise and unambiguous definition of the functions performed by the part investigated .

To achieve this it is helpful to use two words , a verb and a noun , to describe each function .
to achieve this it is helpful to use two words , a verb and a noun , to describe each [purpose] .

The total cost of the part and the percentage of the total cost it represents is entered in the last two columns and the same is done for the function costs in the bottom three rows .
the total cost of the part and the percentage of the total cost it represents is entered in the last two columns and the same is done for the [purpose] costs in the bottom three rows .

The costing of functions is done by estimating the proportion of the part cost that can notionally be attributed to each function to which it contributes .
the costing of functions is done by estimating the proportion of the part cost that can notionally be attributed to each [purpose] to which it contributes .

The sum of the allocated function costs must , of course , equal the part cost .
the sum of the allocated [purpose] costs must , of course , equal the part cost .

It may appear surprising that three parts in the valve have been found to have no function at all and that they amount to over 5 per cent of the total cost .
it may appear surprising that three parts in the valve have been found to have no [purpose] at all and that they amount to over 5 per cent of the total cost .

The other notable high cost function is ‘ connect parts ’ which accounts for over 60 per cent of the total .
the other notable high cost [purpose] is ‘ connect parts ’ which accounts for over 60 per cent of the total .

By building this function into other basic parts of the valve , such as the body assembly and cover , as in Figure 7.11 , the associated cost is reduced from 12·08 to 2·14 , halving the percentage of the total .
by building this [purpose] into other basic parts of the valve , such as the body assembly and cover , as in figure 7.11 , the associated cost is reduced from 12·08 to 2·14 , halving the percentage of the total .

The provocative function of po is manifest in that the initial association of the path a-g is with failure , but it increases the possibility of the catastrophic leap to the success level along the line g-h .
the provocative [purpose] of po is manifest in that the initial association of the path a-g is with failure , but it increases the possibility of the catastrophic leap to the success level along the line g-h .

The shorter men were more at risk because they had less efficient lung function compared with the taller men , according to the researchers at The Royal Free Hospital , north London .
the shorter men were more at risk because they had less efficient lung [purpose] compared with the taller men , according to the researchers at the royal free hospital , north london .

Writing in the International Journal of Epidemiology , the researchers said : ‘ It is possible that lung function like height is a marker of the effects of growth and development of childhood environmental factors such as nutrition and infection . ’
writing in the international journal of epidemiology , the researchers said : ‘ it is possible that lung [purpose] like height is a marker of the effects of growth and development of childhood environmental factors such as nutrition and infection . ’

Several transplants have been tried before , but this is the first time they have continued to function for a long period , according to the researchers at the University of Alberta , in Edmonton .
several transplants have been tried before , but this is the first time they have continued to [purpose] for a long period , according to the researchers at the university of alberta , in edmonton .

The purpose of the civil law is to compensate ; it is the function of the criminal law to punish .
the purpose of the civil law is to compensate ; it is the [purpose] of the criminal law to punish .

This suggests that the notocord still has some function in development , even if it no longer plays a role in swimming .
this suggests that the notocord still has some [purpose] in development , even if it no longer plays a role in swimming .

Therefore , even if some particular sequence is the best possible protein for some particular function , and would be favoured by natural selection if once it arose , it could never arise in the first place merely by chance .
therefore , even if some particular sequence is the best possible protein for some particular [purpose] , and would be favoured by natural selection if once it arose , it could never arise in the first place merely by chance .

He also accepts that some evolutionary changes in molecules do alter function , and are likewise selected .
he also accepts that some evolutionary changes in molecules do alter [purpose] , and are likewise selected .

His point is that there are also molecular changes occurring which are not selected , because they have little or no effect on function .
his point is that there are also molecular changes occurring which are not selected , because they have little or no effect on [purpose] .

Often , the change in function of an organ during evolution is even more dramatic .
often , the change in [purpose] of an organ during evolution is even more dramatic .

The bone which in lizards conducts sound from the ear-drum to the inner ear originated as the hind border of a gill slit in a fish , and then became a strut bracing the jaw articulation to the skull , before it acquired its present function .
the bone which in lizards conducts sound from the ear-drum to the inner ear originated as the hind border of a gill slit in a fish , and then became a strut bracing the jaw articulation to the skull , before it acquired its present [purpose] .

One of the evolutionary advantages of segmentation ( the division of the body into a series of similar parts ) is that it becomes possible to maintain an old function and acquire a new one simultaneously , by modifying the organs of one segment while leaving those of another unchanged .
one of the evolutionary advantages of segmentation ( the division of the body into a series of similar parts ) is that it becomes possible to maintain an old [purpose] and acquire a new one simultaneously , by modifying the organs of one segment while leaving those of another unchanged .

Enzymes are protein molecules whose function is to speed up chemical reactions : that is , they are catalysts .
enzymes are protein molecules whose [purpose] is to speed up chemical reactions : that is , they are catalysts .

Biologists try to interpret the structures they see as performing some function , subject to the constraints set by the materials of which they are made , and the conditions under which they must operate .
biologists try to interpret the structures they see as performing some [purpose] , subject to the constraints set by the materials of which they are made , and the conditions under which they must operate .

The view had a practical function ; the men of Elling were fishermen , they had always been fishermen and their quarry had always been herring and eel .
the view had a practical [purpose] ; the men of elling were fishermen , they had always been fishermen and their quarry had always been herring and eel .

If the equation is completed to y = ax ² + bx + c , the function ( bx + c ) moves the parabola about the grid .
if the equation is completed to y = ax ² + bx + c , the [purpose] ( bx + c ) moves the parabola about the grid .

Our senses , and our thought processes too , function through centres of energy .
our senses , and our thought processes too , [purpose] through centres of energy .

If it appears useless then we have not yet understood its function in the order of things : it is not yet woven into a personally cohesive pattern of ideas and events .
if it appears useless then we have not yet understood its [purpose] in the order of things : it is not yet woven into a personally cohesive pattern of ideas and events .

Yet to function as designers , our priority is the need to comprehend a cohesive pattern that contains the problem we wish to solve .
yet to [purpose] as designers , our priority is the need to comprehend a cohesive pattern that contains the problem we wish to solve .

What makes them think and function in the way they do ?
what makes them think and [purpose] in the way they do ?

The intestinal wall , deprived of nutrients , becomes necrotic and ceases to function .
the intestinal wall , deprived of nutrients , becomes necrotic and ceases to [purpose] .

The horse 's muscular control over its top lip is very precise , which is why the top lip can do so much and reveal so much : it can function like a thumbless hand , and sort and select preferred plants in the horse 's pasture , as well as reveal unrelated emotions with such dissimilar faces as those of anxiety and the Flehman posture .
the horse 's muscular control over its top lip is very precise , which is why the top lip can do so much and reveal so much : it can [purpose] like a thumbless hand , and sort and select preferred plants in the horse 's pasture , as well as reveal unrelated emotions with such dissimilar faces as those of anxiety and the flehman posture .

Its sense of smell must function for it to assess horses it has not met before , and also to fully recognise old companions it may meet in a different environment .
its sense of smell must [purpose] for it to assess horses it has not met before , and also to fully recognise old companions it may meet in a different environment .

But you need a body that can get together at various stages to liaise and swap ideas but whose members can function in their independent tasks .
but you need a body that can get together at various stages to liaise and swap ideas but whose members can [purpose] in their independent tasks .

It 's a beautiful creation designed without thought for its function .
it 's a beautiful creation designed without thought for its [purpose] .

No politician or party can function without such an army .
no politician or party can [purpose] without such an army .

In one stride he was bounding smoothly along , a poem of controlled motion ; in the next , his bind legs stiffened and refused to function .
in one stride he was bounding smoothly along , a poem of controlled motion ; in the next , his bind legs stiffened and refused to [purpose] .

One of the functions of that difficult process is to provide a ritualistic framework within which people can function .
one of the functions of that difficult process is to provide a ritualistic framework within which people can [purpose] .

Wilson left Teresa in no doubt as to her main function in the house : keeping the old gentleman happy .
wilson left teresa in no doubt as to her main [purpose] in the house : keeping the old gentleman happy .

As victory turned to defeat , domestic conditions deteriorated , belts had to be tightened and hardships increased , and the vision of utopia turned into the reality of total war and impending disaster , the function of the Hitler image as a compensation for the mounting miseries and sacrifices of daily existence gradually lost its effectiveness then collapsed almost completely .
as victory turned to defeat , domestic conditions deteriorated , belts had to be tightened and hardships increased , and the vision of utopia turned into the reality of total war and impending disaster , the [purpose] of the hitler image as a compensation for the mounting miseries and sacrifices of daily existence gradually lost its effectiveness then collapsed almost completely .

The function of the victories in providing the regime with even more extensive popular backing seems undeniable .
the [purpose] of the victories in providing the regime with even more extensive popular backing seems undeniable .

As it was , the objective function of the massive shows of loyalty to Hitler , however contrived they were , was to reveal to waverers that the ‘ Führer myth ’ was still very much alive , that the regime still enjoyed a formidable degree of support , focused as ever around the bonds with the Führer .
as it was , the objective [purpose] of the massive shows of loyalty to hitler , however contrived they were , was to reveal to waverers that the ‘ führer myth ’ was still very much alive , that the regime still enjoyed a formidable degree of support , focused as ever around the bonds with the führer .

And what function do we accord , then , to Hitler 's public persona in explaining the process which led to Auschwitz ?
and what [purpose] do we accord , then , to hitler 's public persona in explaining the process which led to auschwitz ?

The third question to which we sought an answer was the function of Hitler 's public persona in an explanation of the radicalization of the ‘ Jewish Question ’ and genesis of the ‘ Final Solution ’ .
the third question to which we sought an answer was the [purpose] of hitler 's public persona in an explanation of the radicalization of the ‘ jewish question ’ and genesis of the ‘ final solution ’ .

The significance of the ‘ Hitler myth ’ has to be seen , finally , on a third level which preceding chapters have not sought to explore systematically : that of its function for the élites — both the non-Nazi ‘ national-conservative ’ élites and the power-groups within the Movement itself .
the significance of the ‘ hitler myth ’ has to be seen , finally , on a third level which preceding chapters have not sought to explore systematically : that of its [purpose] for the élites — both the non-nazi ‘ national-conservative ’ élites and the power-groups within the movement itself .

The institutionalization of Hitler 's charismatic leadership , first of all within the Party during the 1920s and then within the State after 1933 , served a crucial function in sealing the bonds between Hitler and the subordinate Party leadership .
the institutionalization of hitler 's charismatic leadership , first of all within the party during the 1920s and then within the state after 1933 , served a crucial [purpose] in sealing the bonds between hitler and the subordinate party leadership .

The integrative function was the decisive one here .
the integrative [purpose] was the decisive one here .

Once she 'd had the baby , she immediately set about getting back to her ‘ normal ’ weight , even though that weight was so low that her body could not function normally .
once she 'd had the baby , she immediately set about getting back to her ‘ normal ’ weight , even though that weight was so low that her body could not [purpose] normally .

Monotheism is first a critique of nature religion , but then of tribalism — that is , of the notion that the function of religion is to ensure the coherence , survival , and prosperity of the tribe .
monotheism is first a critique of nature religion , but then of tribalism — that is , of the notion that the [purpose] of religion is to ensure the coherence , survival , and prosperity of the tribe .

The main function of early presbyters was not to preach or celebrate but to give counsel to bishops .
the main [purpose] of early presbyters was not to preach or celebrate but to give counsel to bishops .

But if Charlemagne had a priestly character as a ruler , it lay more in the duty of a priest to teach and preach , than in any function of administering sacraments .
but if charlemagne had a priestly character as a ruler , it lay more in the duty of a priest to teach and preach , than in any [purpose] of administering sacraments .

Hence an increasingly important function of Christianity was the validation or canonization , through symbol and ritual , of power actually achieved .
hence an increasingly important [purpose] of christianity was the validation or canonization , through symbol and ritual , of power actually achieved .

Secondly , the reformed monasteries of the tenth century were of necessity largely aristocratic in composition , and had they been perceived to have no function in aristocratic society , they could not have been as successful as they were .
secondly , the reformed monasteries of the tenth century were of necessity largely aristocratic in composition , and had they been perceived to have no [purpose] in aristocratic society , they could not have been as successful as they were .

Moreover , when we speak of the perceived function of reformed monasteries , we do not mean primarily their economic functions as efficient optimizers of agrarian wealth , or even their cultivation of knowledge and production of books .
moreover , when we speak of the perceived [purpose] of reformed monasteries , we do not mean primarily their economic functions as efficient optimizers of agrarian wealth , or even their cultivation of knowledge and production of books .

There is rather a lot of evidence that what laymen especially valued was the propitiatory function with God of beautiful worship , with splendid chants , vestments woven by the most skilful women , and lavish expenditure of gold on the book covers seen in church and on the altar crosses .
there is rather a lot of evidence that what laymen especially valued was the propitiatory [purpose] with god of beautiful worship , with splendid chants , vestments woven by the most skilful women , and lavish expenditure of gold on the book covers seen in church and on the altar crosses .

But what function had the saints in heaven if not to make good the deficiency ?
but what [purpose] had the saints in heaven if not to make good the deficiency ?

‘ Dead ’ saints could perform exactly the same function as living ones .
‘ dead ’ saints could perform exactly the same [purpose] as living ones .

It may function as a store of wealth , so that an individual or society can put away the wealth it may generate as the surplus between production and consumption .
it may [purpose] as a store of wealth , so that an individual or society can put away the wealth it may generate as the surplus between production and consumption .

Third , money can function as a medium of exchange , as a physical object which facilitates the exchange of goods ( or the fulfilment of social obligations ) between different parties .
third , money can [purpose] as a medium of exchange , as a physical object which facilitates the exchange of goods ( or the fulfilment of social obligations ) between different parties .

And to enable coinage to function smoothly it must be properly controlled by that authority .
and to enable coinage to [purpose] smoothly it must be properly controlled by that authority .

Equally important is public confidence or acceptance of coinage ; as coinage is a convention , in the sense that its value is conventionally fixed by the authority of the state with the agreement of the public , it can only function if the value of the coinage , as fixed by the state , is accepted by those who use it ; otherwise , market forces will tend to discount overvalued coins towards their individual bullion values .
equally important is public confidence or acceptance of coinage ; as coinage is a convention , in the sense that its value is conventionally fixed by the authority of the state with the agreement of the public , it can only [purpose] if the value of the coinage , as fixed by the state , is accepted by those who use it ; otherwise , market forces will tend to discount overvalued coins towards their individual bullion values .

Coins are generally found in the same region as their mint , since the function of a mint was usually to supply that region with coinage .
coins are generally found in the same region as their mint , since the [purpose] of a mint was usually to supply that region with coinage .

The monetary role enabled the coin to function properly as a coin by ensuring that it circulated smoothly and without interruption .
the monetary role enabled the coin to [purpose] properly as a coin by ensuring that it circulated smoothly and without interruption .

Malcolm Muggeridge asked whether it was n't time for the monarchy to engage professional public relations consultants , ‘ in place of the rather ludicrous courtiers who now function as such .
malcolm muggeridge asked whether it was n't time for the monarchy to engage professional public relations consultants , ‘ in place of the rather ludicrous courtiers who now [purpose] as such .

They are a distinguished-looking bunch , particularly when arrayed in all their blue , gold and scarlet finery for some official function .
they are a distinguished-looking bunch , particularly when arrayed in all their blue , gold and scarlet finery for some official [purpose] .

We all , of course , have our favourite interviewers , depending on what we consider the interviewer 's function to be .
we all , of course , have our favourite interviewers , depending on what we consider the interviewer 's [purpose] to be .

The churches fulfil a valuable social function which the government would otherwise have to meet , and the state receives about £100 million a year for levying and passing on the church tax .
the churches fulfil a valuable social [purpose] which the government would otherwise have to meet , and the state receives about £100 million a year for levying and passing on the church tax .

At our function he was signing copes of his light-hearted autobiography , When it Comes to the Crunch .
at our [purpose] he was signing copes of his light-hearted autobiography , when it comes to the crunch .

There was very much a ‘ municipal ’ theme to our function this year as we celebrated the contribution made to civilisation by car parks run by local councils .
there was very much a ‘ municipal ’ theme to our [purpose] this year as we celebrated the contribution made to civilisation by car parks run by local councils .

Harmony of form and function — the Beosystem 2500
harmony of form and [purpose] — the beosystem 2500

Rye grass is coarse and flat-leaved , and fulfils the same function in a sward as petrol-like grain spirit in cheap Scotch whisky .
rye grass is coarse and flat-leaved , and fulfils the same [purpose] in a sward as petrol-like grain spirit in cheap scotch whisky .

The initiative comes from the Operational Requirements Staffs of the Naval , General , and Air Staffs ( now part of the Central Staff under the latest reorganization of the Ministry , but still carrying out the same function — see page 175 ) .
the initiative comes from the operational requirements staffs of the naval , general , and air staffs ( now part of the central staff under the latest reorganization of the ministry , but still carrying out the same [purpose] — see page 175 ) .

With pop , the voice becomes material , in itself , with a voluptuous quality above and beyond its expressive function .
with pop , the voice becomes material , in itself , with a voluptuous quality above and beyond its expressive [purpose] .

Post-punk criticism is still uneasy about music that is n't tied to a good intention or specific function , that is n't answerable to a community .
post-punk criticism is still uneasy about music that is n't tied to a good intention or specific [purpose] , that is n't answerable to a community .

Once rid of the tasks of allotting routes and setting fares , governments could concentrate on the function that rightly belongs to them : expanding the capacities of airports and air-traffic-control systems .
once rid of the tasks of allotting routes and setting fares , governments could concentrate on the [purpose] that rightly belongs to them : expanding the capacities of airports and air-traffic-control systems .

But many of his backbenchers are getting over-excited ( which is their constitutional function ) .
but many of his backbenchers are getting over-excited ( which is their constitutional [purpose] ) .

He would understand in detail the working of the mechanism of the clock , which enables it to function as it does .
he would understand in detail the working of the mechanism of the clock , which enables it to [purpose] as it does .

Arithmeticians fail to see that the function of numerical symbols and signs is to enable us to deal in general ways with groups of particular sensible things .
arithmeticians fail to see that the [purpose] of numerical symbols and signs is to enable us to deal in general ways with groups of particular sensible things .

He clipped the lead on to the dog with cold hands which would hardly function , and let her pull him up the slope as fast as he could make his legs move .
he clipped the lead on to the dog with cold hands which would hardly [purpose] , and let her pull him up the slope as fast as he could make his legs move .

Besides , say the Liberal Club 's supporters , Civic Forum has a responsibility to carry out its programme and must continue to function until the next general election , in less than two years ' time .
besides , say the liberal club 's supporters , civic forum has a responsibility to carry out its programme and must continue to [purpose] until the next general election , in less than two years ' time .

Without white men 's capital and white men 's skills the place can not function .
without white men 's capital and white men 's skills the place can not [purpose] .

In a way , its function was similar to that of a Japanese main bank or of Pierpont Morgan in his prime .
in a way , its [purpose] was similar to that of a japanese main bank or of pierpont morgan in his prime .

There 's more text , they get changed less often , and a Search function is genuinely useful if you can remember everything about a person except their surname .
there 's more text , they get changed less often , and a search [purpose] is genuinely useful if you can remember everything about a person except their surname .

Aristotle wrote that the function of anything is what it alone can do or does best .
aristotle wrote that the [purpose] of anything is what it alone can do or does best .

Even in the post-war period Britain 's understanding of itself has continued to be fashioned by our taking a leading part in the containment of Germany that was the unspoken second function of the Nato Alliance .
even in the post-war period britain 's understanding of itself has continued to be fashioned by our taking a leading part in the containment of germany that was the unspoken second [purpose] of the nato alliance .

He said : ‘ It seems to me that business could not function properly if such information could not be kept confidential .
he said : ‘ it seems to me that business could not [purpose] properly if such information could not be kept confidential .

Next we come by logical progression to the Queen 's function as a ruler , in the first place as the fount of all honours .
next we come by logical progression to the queen 's [purpose] as a ruler , in the first place as the fount of all honours .

The lecturer also performs the function of a tour manager and the itinerary is less ‘ embattled ’ , Mr Lawson says , than Swans ' .
the lecturer also performs the [purpose] of a tour manager and the itinerary is less ‘ embattled ’ , mr lawson says , than swans ' .

These have proved a boon to many occasional users of complex applications , and by making different applications function in similar ways can considerably reduce re-training time .
these have proved a boon to many occasional users of complex applications , and by making different applications [purpose] in similar ways can considerably reduce re-training time .

Light Rapid Transit Project team member Mark Haslam explains : ‘ Our function is to take the corporate view — and present it to whoever is sponsoring individual light rail schemes . ’
light rapid transit project team member mark haslam explains : ‘ our [purpose] is to take the corporate view — and present it to whoever is sponsoring individual light rail schemes . ’

The function of the stripes is not fully understood and the pattern is in fact different on each zebra .
the [purpose] of the stripes is not fully understood and the pattern is in fact different on each zebra .

It all sounds rather complicated , but it does serve a useful function in ordering the almost countless number of species in the most economical way .
it all sounds rather complicated , but it does serve a useful [purpose] in ordering the almost countless number of species in the most economical way .

Molluscs have the lower part of the body developed as a muscular foot , which may variously function locomotion , digging or swimming .
molluscs have the lower part of the body developed as a muscular foot , which may variously [purpose] locomotion , digging or swimming .

Once acquired it is rarely lost , even in echinoderms like sea urchins that ( perhaps ) could also function on a different symmetry pattern .
once acquired it is rarely lost , even in echinoderms like sea urchins that ( perhaps ) could also [purpose] on a different symmetry pattern .

The early evolutionary stages of development of wings are still in question they may have developed from outgrowths of exoskeleton from the body that assisted gliding initially , and then acquired a propulsive function .
the early evolutionary stages of development of wings are still in question they may have developed from outgrowths of exoskeleton from the body that assisted gliding initially , and then acquired a propulsive [purpose] .

The Devonian placoderms are an especially exciting group of fish ( see p. 4 ) with powerful , armour-plated heads and frequently fang-like teeth , the function of which is obviously predatory .
the devonian placoderms are an especially exciting group of fish ( see p. 4 ) with powerful , armour-plated heads and frequently fang-like teeth , the [purpose] of which is obviously predatory .

Mammal jaws often have specialized teeth for particular jobs — nipping , chewing , biting , gnawing teeth and so on — which function in perfect cooperation between the upper and lower jaws .
mammal jaws often have specialized teeth for particular jobs — nipping , chewing , biting , gnawing teeth and so on — which [purpose] in perfect cooperation between the upper and lower jaws .

The basic argument is that structures that are closely similar were probably adapted to a similar function .
the basic argument is that structures that are closely similar were probably adapted to a similar [purpose] .

It further ensures the reality of government by consent by bringing governors and the governed into close relationship and enabling the views of citizens to reach their rulers and vice versa … The first function of the Commons is still to sustain an effective government .
it further ensures the reality of government by consent by bringing governors and the governed into close relationship and enabling the views of citizens to reach their rulers and vice versa … the first [purpose] of the commons is still to sustain an effective government .

The primacy of the bureaucracy has historical roots ( like France ) : ‘ In Germany and Prussia the bureaucracy already performed the political policy of function of policy development more than 200 years ago , from the latter part of the eighteenth century onwards , high civil servants were virtually the ruling state .
the primacy of the bureaucracy has historical roots ( like france ) : ‘ in germany and prussia the bureaucracy already performed the political policy of [purpose] of policy development more than 200 years ago , from the latter part of the eighteenth century onwards , high civil servants were virtually the ruling state .

Bagehot recognised that the party system in Westminster was the ‘ bone of its bone , breath of its breath ’ , emphasising that the function of parliament is to bring out differences of opinion into the open , offering parliament and public a real choice by so doing .
bagehot recognised that the party system in westminster was the ‘ bone of its bone , breath of its breath ’ , emphasising that the [purpose] of parliament is to bring out differences of opinion into the open , offering parliament and public a real choice by so doing .

Private Members ' Bills not only preserve an important margin of policy initiative for backbench MPs , but Westminster 's increasing role as a centre for interest lobbying also strengthens its function as the crucible of interest representation in political life .
private members ' bills not only preserve an important margin of policy initiative for backbench mps , but westminster 's increasing role as a centre for interest lobbying also strengthens its [purpose] as the crucible of interest representation in political life .

Prussian authorities party took over the function of imperial authorities .
prussian authorities party took over the [purpose] of imperial authorities .

At this stage , however , it is necessary to examine the relationship between our underlying approaches to managing change per se and the whole question of whether those approaches are applicable to , or congruent with , the task of changing the nature of the management function itself .
at this stage , however , it is necessary to examine the relationship between our underlying approaches to managing change per se and the whole question of whether those approaches are applicable to , or congruent with , the task of changing the nature of the management [purpose] itself .

of the management function must go along with all the other changes with which we are involved .
of the management [purpose] must go along with all the other changes with which we are involved .

Perhaps because they were the first in the field , or more probably for deeply rooted socio-political reasons , the classicists have never been seriously challenged — theories have come and theories have gone but the belief in the control function of management has remained — even more so at the level of practice than of theory , although at that level , some insights can be gained .
perhaps because they were the first in the field , or more probably for deeply rooted socio-political reasons , the classicists have never been seriously challenged — theories have come and theories have gone but the belief in the control [purpose] of management has remained — even more so at the level of practice than of theory , although at that level , some insights can be gained .

Others may feel that the cage has become , or is becoming , somewhat more explicit as a result of central government activity — leading to an emphasis upon the direct controls which would have appeared as unthinkable only a decade ago . This begins to face education managers with a fundamental dilemma — are they inside the cage with the teaching profession or are they to be on the outside exercising a more explicit control function than ever before ? Alternatively , is it possible to find another way altogether , a way which does not simply resolve the dilemma , but one which transforms the problem into a solution ?
others may feel that the cage has become , or is becoming , somewhat more explicit as a result of central government activity — leading to an emphasis upon the direct controls which would have appeared as unthinkable only a decade ago . this begins to face education managers with a fundamental dilemma — are they inside the cage with the teaching profession or are they to be on the outside exercising a more explicit control [purpose] than ever before ? alternatively , is it possible to find another way altogether , a way which does not simply resolve the dilemma , but one which transforms the problem into a solution ?

Is there evidence of the scheme becoming more of a predictive tool and aid to decision making rather than working primarily in an administrative function ?
is there evidence of the scheme becoming more of a predictive tool and aid to decision making rather than working primarily in an administrative [purpose] ?

The various sections of the school function as effective teams and the objectives are clear so that they know what is required of them .
the various sections of the school [purpose] as effective teams and the objectives are clear so that they know what is required of them .

In the final management function of a budget , that of evaluation , the analysis moves to assessing whether that type of expenditure was the best way of meeting organisational objectives .
in the final management [purpose] of a budget , that of evaluation , the analysis moves to assessing whether that type of expenditure was the best way of meeting organisational objectives .

The weightings are based on agreement between the faculty heads and this may be a function of their power and past spending allocations rather than an objective assessment of need .
the weightings are based on agreement between the faculty heads and this may be a [purpose] of their power and past spending allocations rather than an objective assessment of need .

Similarly , the pastoral-academic split in secondary schools reinforces the notion that , in education , form does not follow function .
similarly , the pastoral-academic split in secondary schools reinforces the notion that , in education , form does not follow [purpose] .

Equally , the growth of the personnel function tended to minimise the responsibility of all managers for the effectiveness of staff management , either denying the significance of skills for managing people or delegating personnel issues .
equally , the growth of the personnel [purpose] tended to minimise the responsibility of all managers for the effectiveness of staff management , either denying the significance of skills for managing people or delegating personnel issues .

Organisational design : establishing a structure where form follows function and which contributes directly to institutional purposes and processes .
organisational design : establishing a structure where form follows [purpose] and which contributes directly to institutional purposes and processes .

Classical theories of management have tended to see leadership as a sub-set or function of ‘ management ’ as an entity .
classical theories of management have tended to see leadership as a sub-set or [purpose] of ‘ management ’ as an entity .

Secondly , it is necessary to identify the leadership function which permeates all levels of the institution and thus develops a culture of creativity that discriminates between leadership and management , so enhancing both .
secondly , it is necessary to identify the leadership [purpose] which permeates all levels of the institution and thus develops a culture of creativity that discriminates between leadership and management , so enhancing both .

Within schools , structures and procedures must be created which discriminate between management and leadership and allow each to function appropriately .
within schools , structures and procedures must be created which discriminate between management and leadership and allow each to [purpose] appropriately .

Effective teams must have a specific and real function , be an integral part of the organisational structure and be proactively managed as a social entity .
effective teams must have a specific and real [purpose] , be an integral part of the organisational structure and be proactively managed as a social entity .

The relationship between effective management of staff and organisational design is essentially that of form and function .
the relationship between effective management of staff and organisational design is essentially that of form and [purpose] .

Does form follow function ? To what extent is the learning process of the classroom reflected in the working relationships within the institution as a whole , i.e. do schools practise in their structures what they preach in their aims ?
does form follow [purpose] ? to what extent is the learning process of the classroom reflected in the working relationships within the institution as a whole , i.e. do schools practise in their structures what they preach in their aims ?

It is necessary to question the extent to which such a core needs to be organised in terms of hierarchies or fragmented by function .
it is necessary to question the extent to which such a core needs to be organised in terms of hierarchies or fragmented by [purpose] .

Teachers should not seek to be involved in every aspect of the school — administrative/clerical , catering and many aspects of the pastoral function should be contracted out to specialist providers .
teachers should not seek to be involved in every aspect of the school — administrative/clerical , catering and many aspects of the pastoral [purpose] should be contracted out to specialist providers .

Sugars also attach to proteins to form ‘ glycoproteins ’ , and it now seems that most proteins function only in the form of glycoprotein .
sugars also attach to proteins to form ‘ glycoproteins ’ , and it now seems that most proteins [purpose] only in the form of glycoprotein .

Eaves of houses are artificial cliffs for martins ; office blocks and ancient churches fill the same function for peregrine falcons in Salt Lake City in the United States , and in Prague .
eaves of houses are artificial cliffs for martins ; office blocks and ancient churches fill the same [purpose] for peregrine falcons in salt lake city in the united states , and in prague .

But oxygen does perform one function that bring–benefit to all of life ; not when it is in its usual form , but when it takes the form of ozone .
but oxygen does perform one [purpose] that bring–benefit to all of life ; not when it is in its usual form , but when it takes the form of ozone .

Many personal arguments were played out on the book 's pages , sadly trivialising its function .
many personal arguments were played out on the book 's pages , sadly trivialising its [purpose] .

The mechanism of change , the cultural ‘ instruction ’ as Cloak ( 1975 ) calls it , has much the same function in the historical process as genes have had in biological evolution , but the ‘ instruction ’ in cultural change is usually an acquired behavioural injunction existing in a world of meanings : the cognitive , although not always conscious , appreciation of their social environment by a human community .
the mechanism of change , the cultural ‘ instruction ’ as cloak ( 1975 ) calls it , has much the same [purpose] in the historical process as genes have had in biological evolution , but the ‘ instruction ’ in cultural change is usually an acquired behavioural injunction existing in a world of meanings : the cognitive , although not always conscious , appreciation of their social environment by a human community .

If this is the case , it implies that some at least of the feedback systems maintaining human wellbeing may be in difficulties simply because they are being called upon to function near the limits of their capacity .
if this is the case , it implies that some at least of the feedback systems maintaining human wellbeing may be in difficulties simply because they are being called upon to [purpose] near the limits of their capacity .

On the biological function of mind
on the biological [purpose] of mind

The relation between mind and body in this set of ideas is such that the two retain distinct properties and function as discrete entities .
the relation between mind and body in this set of ideas is such that the two retain distinct properties and [purpose] as discrete entities .

The function which modern philosophy seized upon as expressing the vital essence of Mind was that of bringing things together so that they have a bearing upon one another .
the [purpose] which modern philosophy seized upon as expressing the vital essence of mind was that of bringing things together so that they have a bearing upon one another .

He stated that his purpose had been ‘ to ascertain the character and function of Mind as the organising principle in Evolution .
he stated that his purpose had been ‘ to ascertain the character and [purpose] of mind as the organising principle in evolution .

There are four interacting systems within the organism 's black box that enable it to function effectively .
there are four interacting systems within the organism 's black box that enable it to [purpose] effectively .

In higher organisms one prime function of this system is the maintenance of consciousness as a kind of screen upon which both novel information and the background presentational continuum can be projected .
in higher organisms one prime [purpose] of this system is the maintenance of consciousness as a kind of screen upon which both novel information and the background presentational continuum can be projected .

Information processing is the prime function of ‘ mind ’ ; its organismic role .
information processing is the prime [purpose] of ‘ mind ’ ; its organismic role .

It is the function of the cognitive analyser to perform in exactly this way and thereby to relate the organism more closely to environmental and social change .
it is the [purpose] of the cognitive analyser to perform in exactly this way and thereby to relate the organism more closely to environmental and social change .

We have seen that a prime cognitive function in higher animals is the re-presentation of organized information for cognitive , sometimes conscious , evaluation in relation to the current experiential continuum .
we have seen that a prime cognitive [purpose] in higher animals is the re-presentation of organized information for cognitive , sometimes conscious , evaluation in relation to the current experiential continuum .

Animals live in populations that are dispersed in characteristic ways in the environment , ways that can usually be interpreted as a function of the behaviour of individual members operating as strategies for survival and reproduction .
animals live in populations that are dispersed in characteristic ways in the environment , ways that can usually be interpreted as a [purpose] of the behaviour of individual members operating as strategies for survival and reproduction .

These and other questions emerged from a classical ethology primarily concerned with the evolution , motivation , and function of social signals but which began to focus on ecology as the adaptiveness of social structure to habitat gradually became apparent ( see Crook 1970b ; Crook and Goss-Custard 1972 ) .
these and other questions emerged from a classical ethology primarily concerned with the evolution , motivation , and [purpose] of social signals but which began to focus on ecology as the adaptiveness of social structure to habitat gradually became apparent ( see crook 1970b ; crook and goss-custard 1972 ) .

Males give loud long calls which seem to function in spacing the males , and the dispersion of the females may well be related to this .
males give loud long calls which seem to [purpose] in spacing the males , and the dispersion of the females may well be related to this .

The basic function of both multi-male and uni-male groups concerns the provision of a safe social environment for rearing young .
the basic [purpose] of both multi-male and uni-male groups concerns the provision of a safe social environment for rearing young .

Wrangham comments : ‘ We may thus find the first evidence that so-called abnormal sexual behaviour may have a biological function ’ ; but he points out that a number of issues need to be resolved .
wrangham comments : ‘ we may thus find the first evidence that so-called abnormal sexual behaviour may have a biological [purpose] ’ ; but he points out that a number of issues need to be resolved .

The function of herd formation in open-country primates has been a topic of considerable debate .
the [purpose] of herd formation in open-country primates has been a topic of considerable debate .

The Function of Drama
the [purpose] of drama

This view of acting behaviour as no more than role function has taken us a long time to understand .
this view of acting behaviour as no more than role [purpose] has taken us a long time to understand .

Because of this the skill required is often very challenging , but it is not the skill of the performer ; it is the skill of bringing oneself to function with a degree of maturity that one 's normal ‘ life ’ role does not demand .
because of this the skill required is often very challenging , but it is not the skill of the performer ; it is the skill of bringing oneself to [purpose] with a degree of maturity that one 's normal ‘ life ’ role does not demand .

The participant adopts whatever role function is required of him by the context .
the participant adopts whatever role [purpose] is required of him by the context .

In hide-and-seek , a number of people agree for a period of time to abstract from living what they know of the ‘ hiding ’ function ( i.e .
in hide-and-seek , a number of people agree for a period of time to abstract from living what they know of the ‘ hiding ’ [purpose] ( i.e .

that people can be ‘ hiders ’ and ‘ seekers ’ and that places can be ‘ hiding places ’ ) and to behave , for the time being , as if only that function mattered .
that people can be ‘ hiders ’ and ‘ seekers ’ and that places can be ‘ hiding places ’ ) and to behave , for the time being , as if only that [purpose] mattered .

In drama a number of people agree to abstract from what they know of the ‘ hiding ’ function and to combine that knowledge with what they have understood about a particular ‘ hiding ’ context , say , King Charles and his followers hiding from the Roundheads ( hiders are therefore labelled Cavaliers , and the seekers Roundheads ) and to behave ‘ as if ’ only that function mattered .
in drama a number of people agree to abstract from what they know of the ‘ hiding ’ [purpose] and to combine that knowledge with what they have understood about a particular ‘ hiding ’ context , say , king charles and his followers hiding from the roundheads ( hiders are therefore labelled cavaliers , and the seekers roundheads ) and to behave ‘ as if ’ only that [purpose] mattered .

What a long way we have suddenly moved from the point argued in Chapter Five , that in dramatic playing the participant is adopting a function .
what a long way we have suddenly moved from the point argued in chapter five , that in dramatic playing the participant is adopting a [purpose] .

The new provisions for smoke detectors will be enforced by each local authority , as part of its existing Building Control function .
the new provisions for smoke detectors will be enforced by each local authority , as part of its existing building control [purpose] .

If it is to function as well as it possibly can , the body has several basic needs — nutrition , exercise , relaxation , sleep and so on — but , because of the hectic pace of twentieth century life , not enough attention is paid to ensuring that these needs are met .
if it is to [purpose] as well as it possibly can , the body has several basic needs — nutrition , exercise , relaxation , sleep and so on — but , because of the hectic pace of twentieth century life , not enough attention is paid to ensuring that these needs are met .

Excessive heat may make us feel ‘ stupid ’ and unable to function mentally .
excessive heat may make us feel ‘ stupid ’ and unable to [purpose] mentally .

You might be forgiven for thinking that the absorption of a stimulant would make you better able to function mentally — but in fact this is far from the truth .
you might be forgiven for thinking that the absorption of a stimulant would make you better able to [purpose] mentally — but in fact this is far from the truth .

If , as frequently occurs , unpleasant symptoms arise as the result of the stress — the heart races , the stomach feels as though someone has tied a knot in it — we become so aware of these sensations that we are even less able to function well .
if , as frequently occurs , unpleasant symptoms arise as the result of the stress — the heart races , the stomach feels as though someone has tied a knot in it — we become so aware of these sensations that we are even less able to [purpose] well .

Although improving your memory might seem very much like a function of the left brain , the more you are able to bring your right-brain skills into it , the easier you will find it .
although improving your memory might seem very much like a [purpose] of the left brain , the more you are able to bring your right-brain skills into it , the easier you will find it .

The holistic approach , therefore , calls upon us to look at a situation from all angles . If we are physically ill , is there perhaps an emotional cause for the illness ? If we suffer emotionally , could there be a physical cause for our suffering of which we are unaware ? If we are not able to function mentally as well as we normally do , are our minds full of anxious thoughts , emotional fears or business worries ?
the holistic approach , therefore , calls upon us to look at a situation from all angles . if we are physically ill , is there perhaps an emotional cause for the illness ? if we suffer emotionally , could there be a physical cause for our suffering of which we are unaware ? if we are not able to [purpose] mentally as well as we normally do , are our minds full of anxious thoughts , emotional fears or business worries ?

Adeane 's function as private secretary appeared to be little more than the job of arranging the Prince 's schedule around polo and the children 's bath times .
adeane 's [purpose] as private secretary appeared to be little more than the job of arranging the prince 's schedule around polo and the children 's bath times .

But the utilitarian function of keeping church walls dry hardly accounts for the occasionally bizarre juxtaposition of the sacred and profane : Christ and the saints among the foully contorted and pagan fertility symbols , the Virgin Mary elbowed by giants ( usually depicted with both hands pulling back fierce lips ) .
but the utilitarian [purpose] of keeping church walls dry hardly accounts for the occasionally bizarre juxtaposition of the sacred and profane : christ and the saints among the foully contorted and pagan fertility symbols , the virgin mary elbowed by giants ( usually depicted with both hands pulling back fierce lips ) .

In choosing the best moment to collect the berries it is worth remembering that in the past growers expected their fruit to fulfil more than one function .
in choosing the best moment to collect the berries it is worth remembering that in the past growers expected their fruit to fulfil more than one [purpose] .

Why are some of us ‘ larks ’ and others ‘ owls ' ? Is it a function of our body clock or our life-style , or due to some interaction between the two ?
why are some of us ‘ larks ’ and others ‘ owls ' ? is it a [purpose] of our body clock or our life-style , or due to some interaction between the two ?

The detailed explanation of what makes us feel alert is not known , but it is certain to be some function of brain activity , and brain activity increases with body temperature .
the detailed explanation of what makes us feel alert is not known , but it is certain to be some [purpose] of brain activity , and brain activity increases with body temperature .

Insulin prevents the rise in blood sugar which would adversely affect brain function and cause sugar to be wasted by spilling over into the urine .
insulin prevents the rise in blood sugar which would adversely affect brain [purpose] and cause sugar to be wasted by spilling over into the urine .

The answer is that renal function , like bodily functions in general , is highest during the daytime and partially ‘ closed down ’ at night .
the answer is that renal [purpose] , like bodily functions in general , is highest during the daytime and partially ‘ closed down ’ at night .

Thus , at least initially , the decline of sexual function is because the ovaries or testes become less responsive to normal signals from the brain .
thus , at least initially , the decline of sexual [purpose] is because the ovaries or testes become less responsive to normal signals from the brain .

Consequently , sleep might become disturbed , particularly when , in addition , kidney function does not decrease at night as much as it once did .
consequently , sleep might become disturbed , particularly when , in addition , kidney [purpose] does not decrease at night as much as it once did .

Its function in man is not certain .
its [purpose] in man is not certain .

Its function is to stop injury to staff and prisoners alike .
its [purpose] is to stop injury to staff and prisoners alike .

The completion of the new function suite offers the Cassons tremendous scope to promote the hotel as a social venue for local residents , associations and businesses .
the completion of the new [purpose] suite offers the cassons tremendous scope to promote the hotel as a social venue for local residents , associations and businesses .

US-made Broaster pressure fryers from Fast Food Systems offer the latter function .
us-made broaster pressure fryers from fast food systems offer the latter [purpose] .

Each cooking function can be used singularly or simultaneously and the controls are said to be simple to operate .
each cooking [purpose] can be used singularly or simultaneously and the controls are said to be simple to operate .

It aids understanding of these phenomena to recognise that the function of all timber pests is to break down and convert dead trees into soil , allowing new trees unimpeded growth .
it aids understanding of these phenomena to recognise that the [purpose] of all timber pests is to break down and convert dead trees into soil , allowing new trees unimpeded growth .

Planning permission for its conversion into a dwelling existed when the barn was purchased , but the scheme was particularly disliked by one of the new owners who believed , partly for the reason cited above and partly because of her training as a sculptress , that a simpler treatment , more strongly evocative of the barn 's original function , might be adopted and still give comfortable and convenient living accommodation .
planning permission for its conversion into a dwelling existed when the barn was purchased , but the scheme was particularly disliked by one of the new owners who believed , partly for the reason cited above and partly because of her training as a sculptress , that a simpler treatment , more strongly evocative of the barn 's original [purpose] , might be adopted and still give comfortable and convenient living accommodation .

William Assheton 's attitude to the design of the conversion was based on the view that although the building might function as a house , it ought still to be recognisable as a church .
william assheton 's attitude to the design of the conversion was based on the view that although the building might [purpose] as a house , it ought still to be recognisable as a church .

Waterwheels could not function at low water , so adjustable wheels were made .
waterwheels could not [purpose] at low water , so adjustable wheels were made .

As the majority of the mill machinery remained — waterwheel , axle , pit wheel , ‘ wallower ’ , power shaft and millstones — and these components were chiefly situated in the lowest storey , Michael Manser decided to retain most of these items in a ‘ set piece ’ display , reminding visitors of the mill 's former function , and visible from the generous entrance hall of the house through a glass door ( Fig 56 ) .
as the majority of the mill machinery remained — waterwheel , axle , pit wheel , ‘ wallower ’ , power shaft and millstones — and these components were chiefly situated in the lowest storey , michael manser decided to retain most of these items in a ‘ set piece ’ display , reminding visitors of the mill 's former [purpose] , and visible from the generous entrance hall of the house through a glass door ( fig 56 ) .

On these members 75mm ( 3in ) thick pine floorboards are fixed , performing a structural function as well as providing a floor surface sufficiently substantial to resist the heavy loads imposed by stored textiles .
on these members 75mm ( 3in ) thick pine floorboards are fixed , performing a structural [purpose] as well as providing a floor surface sufficiently substantial to resist the heavy loads imposed by stored textiles .

The Army could not function without the Women 's Royal Army corps .
the army could not [purpose] without the women 's royal army corps .

Behind the façade there are hundreds of rooms ; most famous perhaps is the Indian Anny Memorial Room directly behind the Grand Entrance , Which doubles as a museum and an ornate function room .
behind the façade there are hundreds of rooms ; most famous perhaps is the indian anny memorial room directly behind the grand entrance , which doubles as a museum and an ornate [purpose] room .

If the woman resisted Weston 's voice simply out of obedience to Maleldil , then what was the function of Ransom ?
if the woman resisted weston 's voice simply out of obedience to maleldil , then what was the [purpose] of ransom ?

The first ‘ real ’ Supreme Soviet began to function .
the first ‘ real ’ supreme soviet began to [purpose] .

They are seen as a drain on the profit because they do n't function in the labour market to produce profit .
they are seen as a drain on the profit because they do n't [purpose] in the labour market to produce profit .

While it is a major function of universities to educate , this can not be taken in isolation .
while it is a major [purpose] of universities to educate , this can not be taken in isolation .

They have a dual purpose , for on the one hand they teach how to act in specific situations , but , conversely , the guide-lines also function as a means of typification for classifying incidents .
they have a dual purpose , for on the one hand they teach how to act in specific situations , but , conversely , the guide-lines also [purpose] as a means of typification for classifying incidents .

But this type of contact also demonstrates that the neighbourhood police see themselves as having a welfare function .
but this type of contact also demonstrates that the neighbourhood police see themselves as having a welfare [purpose] .

Modern art historians strive to analyze , interpret , and evaluate works of art by identifying their materials and techniques , makers , time and place of creation , and meaning or function .
modern art historians strive to analyze , interpret , and evaluate works of art by identifying their materials and techniques , makers , time and place of creation , and meaning or [purpose] .

But the function of art history today is not only to make such identifications , but also to relate an individual work humanistically to other works of the same school , period and culture , while remaining sensitive to its salient aesthetic qualities .
but the [purpose] of art history today is not only to make such identifications , but also to relate an individual work humanistically to other works of the same school , period and culture , while remaining sensitive to its salient aesthetic qualities .

The reader 's question of a book or an article should be what function the writing is able or unable to perform ?
the reader 's question of a book or an article should be what [purpose] the writing is able or unable to perform ?

Divisions in the book are unusually clear , separate chapters being given to topics such as function , the market , or the historical and political background of the subject .
divisions in the book are unusually clear , separate chapters being given to topics such as [purpose] , the market , or the historical and political background of the subject .

One of the important features of museum collections is the function they have as touchstones of quality and authenticity .
one of the important features of museum collections is the [purpose] they have as touchstones of quality and authenticity .

It is also a fairly obvious statement to say that historic pubs have served the function well for hundreds of years .
it is also a fairly obvious statement to say that historic pubs have served the [purpose] well for hundreds of years .

The pub has always had to tread a difficult tightrope in reconciling its social function , as a ‘ house ’ for the public , with its commercial function as a retail shop .
the pub has always had to tread a difficult tightrope in reconciling its social [purpose] , as a ‘ house ’ for the public , with its commercial [purpose] as a retail shop .

The programme of many modern philosophers , therefore , has been to develop a conception of man and his mind which either disposes of or downgrades the inner , private arena , making the function of mind essentially a part of the public and physical world .
the programme of many modern philosophers , therefore , has been to develop a conception of man and his mind which either disposes of or downgrades the inner , private arena , making the [purpose] of mind essentially a part of the public and physical world .

In which case they have no independent meaning or function at all .
in which case they have no independent meaning or [purpose] at all .

Obviously , if the infant were deaf , blind , without tactile sensations , and totally immobile then the prospects for cognisance would not be very rosy ; but in this case the input systems would fail to function as well , so both constructivists and nativists ( those who believe in innate mental structures ) would predict failure .
obviously , if the infant were deaf , blind , without tactile sensations , and totally immobile then the prospects for cognisance would not be very rosy ; but in this case the input systems would fail to [purpose] as well , so both constructivists and nativists ( those who believe in innate mental structures ) would predict failure .

Indeed action would seem to be necessary for the input systems to function properly : the role of eye-movements in vision being the most obvious case .
indeed action would seem to be necessary for the input systems to [purpose] properly : the role of eye-movements in vision being the most obvious case .

Surprise ( in the sense studied in Baillargeon 's experiment — passive capture of visual attention ) is not an action so it can not tell us about central system function .
surprise ( in the sense studied in baillargeon 's experiment — passive capture of visual attention ) is not an action so it can not tell us about central system [purpose] .

If surprise were a central system function then we would not , indeed , blink because the blink would be controlled by our knowledge of a friend 's good nature .
if surprise were a central system [purpose] then we would not , indeed , blink because the blink would be controlled by our knowledge of a friend 's good nature .

Cognitive neuropsychology is the attempt to draw parallels between models of cognitive function and the patterns of performance observed in patients who have suffered Brain injury .
cognitive neuropsychology is the attempt to draw parallels between models of cognitive [purpose] and the patterns of performance observed in patients who have suffered brain injury .

The vast bulk of the neuropsychological work performed in the United States to investigate cognitive processes uses group studies as in , for example , the investigation of human amnesia ( severe loss of long-term memory function as a result of brain damage ) .
the vast bulk of the neuropsychological work performed in the united states to investigate cognitive processes uses group studies as in , for example , the investigation of human amnesia ( severe loss of long-term memory [purpose] as a result of brain damage ) .

Where cognitive neuropsychology has had its greatest success is in areas where a detailed model of cognitive function is used to explain the pattern of performance produced by individual patients .
where cognitive neuropsychology has had its greatest success is in areas where a detailed model of cognitive [purpose] is used to explain the pattern of performance produced by individual patients .

And there has been a remarkable interchange of ideas between computational theorists and neuroscientists , in which attempts to create computer models of neural function have not only generated powerful new tools for the interpreting of the brain but have also fed back into computer theory and practice .
and there has been a remarkable interchange of ideas between computational theorists and neuroscientists , in which attempts to create computer models of neural [purpose] have not only generated powerful new tools for the interpreting of the brain but have also fed back into computer theory and practice .

Giving the Town hall back to the people of Ealing was achieved by re-locating administrative staff in an adjacent building , and using the space thus created for lettable function rooms .
giving the town hall back to the people of ealing was achieved by re-locating administrative staff in an adjacent building , and using the space thus created for lettable [purpose] rooms .

One such room was especially adapted for partially sighted people and the hard of hearing , so that special interest groups with immobility or other disabilities could make use of the function room .
one such room was especially adapted for partially sighted people and the hard of hearing , so that special interest groups with immobility or other disabilities could make use of the [purpose] room .

In fact , gardens that are long and narrow are among the more simple to design because they can be broken down very easily into separate garden areas or ‘ rooms ’ , each of them having a different function or theme .
in fact , gardens that are long and narrow are among the more simple to design because they can be broken down very easily into separate garden areas or ‘ rooms ’ , each of them having a different [purpose] or theme .

It lay along the lines of Layton 's understanding of the poetic function ‘ which exists somewhere between fact and imagination , ’ as Eli Mandel said of him .
it lay along the lines of layton 's understanding of the poetic [purpose] ‘ which exists somewhere between fact and imagination , ’ as eli mandel said of him .

When the priest can not function as a priest , is he bound to become a prophet ?
when the priest can not [purpose] as a priest , is he bound to become a prophet ?

The limitations on the power of these liberal groups within protestant loyalism are demonstrated by the fact that they have only been allowed to function among the leadership of the people so long as they obeyed the basic tenets and values common to the alliance as a whole .
the limitations on the power of these liberal groups within protestant loyalism are demonstrated by the fact that they have only been allowed to [purpose] among the leadership of the people so long as they obeyed the basic tenets and values common to the alliance as a whole .

Calvin viewed his interpretation of the function of the state as the only Christian one .
calvin viewed his interpretation of the [purpose] of the state as the only christian one .

In fact , precisely because Roman catholic power was to be accepted as normative in an entirely natural way by the catholic — nationalist population , the church 's part-active and part-passive acceptance of the capitalist system of government and thorough opposition to socialism had a significant legitimating function for the Irish state-form .
in fact , precisely because roman catholic power was to be accepted as normative in an entirely natural way by the catholic — nationalist population , the church 's part-active and part-passive acceptance of the capitalist system of government and thorough opposition to socialism had a significant legitimating [purpose] for the irish state-form .

It is likely that children have the important function in a new housing area of bringing parents and neighbours together , particularly when there is a lack of other social amenities — a characteristic of new housing areas in and around Dublin in the 1970s .
it is likely that children have the important [purpose] in a new housing area of bringing parents and neighbours together , particularly when there is a lack of other social amenities — a characteristic of new housing areas in and around dublin in the 1970s .

Its members will help Amnesty with specialist knowledge of military experience and expertise ( in the same way that the Lawyers ' Group and the Medical Groups function in their specialist fields ) .
its members will help amnesty with specialist knowledge of military experience and expertise ( in the same way that the lawyers ' group and the medical groups [purpose] in their specialist fields ) .

Its main function , however , appears to be to present a better image of Sri Lanka to the outside world .
its main [purpose] , however , appears to be to present a better image of sri lanka to the outside world .

The main function of iron is to form the red pigment in the blood called haemoglobin .
the main [purpose] of iron is to form the red pigment in the blood called haemoglobin .

The main function of pecs is to adduct the arms ( adduction is a movement towards the centre-line of the body ) , that is they move the upper arms across the body as in dumb-bell flyes .
the main [purpose] of pecs is to adduct the arms ( adduction is a movement towards the centre-line of the body ) , that is they move the upper arms across the body as in dumb-bell flyes .

The function of the deltoids is to raise the arm to the front , the side and the rear .
the [purpose] of the deltoids is to raise the arm to the front , the side and the rear .

The function of the triceps is to straighten the arm , therefore at the end of each exercise the arms should be locked out straight .
the [purpose] of the triceps is to straighten the arm , therefore at the end of each exercise the arms should be locked out straight .

The function of the biceps is to bend the elbow , supinate the forearm and flex the shoulder .
the [purpose] of the biceps is to bend the elbow , supinate the forearm and flex the shoulder .

The unit allows messages of up to 55 characters to be printed and has a repeat function which means repetitive text need not be re-keyed .
the unit allows messages of up to 55 characters to be printed and has a repeat [purpose] which means repetitive text need not be re-keyed .

Each function has a menu screen which can be fully customised .
each [purpose] has a menu screen which can be fully customised .

Opportunities sometimes arise , however , for decorating objects with square or rectangular faces , or where certain considerations of function restrict the extent of possible ornament .
opportunities sometimes arise , however , for decorating objects with square or rectangular faces , or where certain considerations of [purpose] restrict the extent of possible ornament .

It was , she supposed , a reduction of clothes to pure function — to protect one 's head , back or feet from summer 's elements .
it was , she supposed , a reduction of clothes to pure [purpose] — to protect one 's head , back or feet from summer 's elements .

Sexual anatomy and function
sexual anatomy and [purpose]

The penis ( from the Latin , tail ) has both an excretory and a reproductive function .
the penis ( from the latin , tail ) has both an excretory and a reproductive [purpose] .

On the face of it , Oi is performing a similar function to early punk — taking rock back to the basics , grafting a class accent on to the music , reviving the original rebel-delinquent cluster — the myth of Elvis-as-hub-cap-thief , a poor white loser up against the Law .
on the face of it , oi is performing a similar [purpose] to early punk — taking rock back to the basics , grafting a class accent on to the music , reviving the original rebel-delinquent cluster — the myth of elvis-as-hub-cap-thief , a poor white loser up against the law .

Meanwhile the skinhead/NF stereotype serves a wider function .
meanwhile the skinhead/nf stereotype serves a wider [purpose] .

Since Pro-File is a data logger it can log parameters other than those required for it to function as a dive computer ( depth , temperature and air data as functions of time ) .
since pro-file is a data logger it can log parameters other than those required for it to [purpose] as a dive computer ( depth , temperature and air data as functions of time ) .

Another function of the Solution , is the ability to display dive profiles for the previous eight hours diving and for dive simulation .
another [purpose] of the solution , is the ability to display dive profiles for the previous eight hours diving and for dive simulation .

Like most wrasse , it is known to change sex ( from female to male ) , but it is unlikely that any can function as male and female at the same time .
like most wrasse , it is known to change sex ( from female to male ) , but it is unlikely that any can [purpose] as male and female at the same time .

Part of the essence of rock ' n'roll is a young person 's thoughtful dismantling of archaic values , a completely natural function and yet , superficially a blindly rebellious one .
part of the essence of rock ' n'roll is a young person 's thoughtful dismantling of archaic values , a completely natural [purpose] and yet , superficially a blindly rebellious one .

It maintains the flexibility of the cells so that they can function effectively .
it maintains the flexibility of the cells so that they can [purpose] effectively .

Instead , our identity lies in Christ , not in our function before others .
instead , our identity lies in christ , not in our [purpose] before others .

When this utilitarian function was no longer needed , the lookouts became cupolas , lanterns , clock-towers .
when this utilitarian [purpose] was no longer needed , the lookouts became cupolas , lanterns , clock-towers .

Its name referred to its function in teaching the elements , or grammar , of learning and the typical medieval or Elizabethan grammar school was often the fruit of private beneficence or testamentary endowment .
its name referred to its [purpose] in teaching the elements , or grammar , of learning and the typical medieval or elizabethan grammar school was often the fruit of private beneficence or testamentary endowment .

In the last four decades , Modernist architects , with their emphasis on function , have despised what they call ‘ facadism ’ with the implication that a facade is a sham .
in the last four decades , modernist architects , with their emphasis on [purpose] , have despised what they call ‘ facadism ’ with the implication that a facade is a sham .

As a result , many of these houses not only lost their lived-in feel , but were also emptied of the everyday objects that are increasingly seen as essential to a proper understanding of their history and function .
as a result , many of these houses not only lost their lived-in feel , but were also emptied of the everyday objects that are increasingly seen as essential to a proper understanding of their history and [purpose] .

Lysozyme , recently described by Fleming , evidently had some bearing on the protective function .
lysozyme , recently described by fleming , evidently had some bearing on the protective [purpose] .

The ‘ feeble minded ’ children labelled cretins also suffered from thyroid deficiency , or , usually , from a deficiency of the iodine which is necessary for the gland to function effectively .
the ‘ feeble minded ’ children labelled cretins also suffered from thyroid deficiency , or , usually , from a deficiency of the iodine which is necessary for the gland to [purpose] effectively .

Some of the amines which are decomposed by monoamine oxidase occur in the brain and are thought to function as neurotransmitters .
some of the amines which are decomposed by monoamine oxidase occur in the brain and are thought to [purpose] as neurotransmitters .

The temperament we look for in our dog primarily depends on the work or function assigned to him .
the temperament we look for in our dog primarily depends on the work or [purpose] assigned to him .

All three vehicles continued to function but young André Zirnheld had been hit twice .
all three vehicles continued to [purpose] but young andré zirnheld had been hit twice .

It could be said that a major function of handmade ceramic ware , individually thrown mugs and bowls , is to aid the transition into the automated computer age .
it could be said that a major [purpose] of handmade ceramic ware , individually thrown mugs and bowls , is to aid the transition into the automated computer age .

Waiting around markets is the correct function of a tack traveller 's legs , not clambering through the foothills of the Himalayas ( where there is a distinct lack of plastic ephemera ) .
waiting around markets is the correct [purpose] of a tack traveller 's legs , not clambering through the foothills of the himalayas ( where there is a distinct lack of plastic ephemera ) .

Everything must perform a specific function — from myriad pouches on a holdall to passport holders and water bottles to sling around the neck .
everything must perform a specific [purpose] — from myriad pouches on a holdall to passport holders and water bottles to sling around the neck .

Reflecting in 1968 on the difference between him and Communists of the older generation , he said : ‘ They seem to approach reality by way of certain abstract categories , which seem to them to have a lot of meaning and to reflect concrete experience … ; [ whereas ] members of my generation tend to use as a starting point reality as it exists at the moment , they form general concepts on the basis of this reality and they disregard categories which seem to have lost their relevance and to function more as incantations than as concepts .
reflecting in 1968 on the difference between him and communists of the older generation , he said : ‘ they seem to approach reality by way of certain abstract categories , which seem to them to have a lot of meaning and to reflect concrete experience … ; [ whereas ] members of my generation tend to use as a starting point reality as it exists at the moment , they form general concepts on the basis of this reality and they disregard categories which seem to have lost their relevance and to [purpose] more as incantations than as concepts .

Monosodium and the acquisition of food preference in a European context , by France Bellisle , Alain Tournier and Jeanine Louis-Sylvestre Food today is more of a maintenance function than a pleasurable experience .
monosodium and the acquisition of food preference in a european context , by france bellisle , alain tournier and jeanine louis-sylvestre food today is more of a maintenance [purpose] than a pleasurable experience .

It was the solicitor 's function to investigate the draft contract and to examine very closely the issues which may be raised by it which were often incomprehensible to the layman .
it was the solicitor 's [purpose] to investigate the draft contract and to examine very closely the issues which may be raised by it which were often incomprehensible to the layman .

However , Mr Jeno Horvath , a member of parliament and legal expert , said parliament had a lot of unfinished business and had decided the public might be confused to see it dissolved but continuing to function .
however , mr jeno horvath , a member of parliament and legal expert , said parliament had a lot of unfinished business and had decided the public might be confused to see it dissolved but continuing to [purpose] .

The operation could be ‘ mopped up ’ in three days , but troops may stay in place to perform a policing function , General Tom Kelly , a Pentagon official , said .
the operation could be ‘ mopped up ’ in three days , but troops may stay in place to perform a policing [purpose] , general tom kelly , a pentagon official , said .

If the official view in the Church cared nothing about the bishop in his function as apostolic teacher , anyone who was trained to teach had a duty to join the bishop 's bench if he were asked .
if the official view in the church cared nothing about the bishop in his [purpose] as apostolic teacher , anyone who was trained to teach had a duty to join the bishop 's bench if he were asked .

According to Bartlett and Ghoshal , the differing company structures that have been identified as a development sequence are , in reality , a function of different cultural management styles .
according to bartlett and ghoshal , the differing company structures that have been identified as a development sequence are , in reality , a [purpose] of different cultural management styles .

How well or badly they function .
how well or badly they [purpose] .

Products in one country might not serve the same function as the same product in a different country .
products in one country might not serve the same [purpose] as the same product in a different country .

The leitmotif of Coetzee 's book , as suggested by his title , is that the organizations he has studied faced an ongoing dilemma : whether to function as adjuncts of the Conservative party or to claim that their aims were ‘ national ’ and therefore ‘ above party ’ .
the leitmotif of coetzee 's book , as suggested by his title , is that the organizations he has studied faced an ongoing dilemma : whether to [purpose] as adjuncts of the conservative party or to claim that their aims were ‘ national ’ and therefore ‘ above party ’ .

Its function is basically to cover a woman 's hair and hide the shape of her breasts but it can be worn in a variety of ways , draped round the top half of her body and head , folded over her chest and hanging over her shoulders or loosely placed round her neck .
its [purpose] is basically to cover a woman 's hair and hide the shape of her breasts but it can be worn in a variety of ways , draped round the top half of her body and head , folded over her chest and hanging over her shoulders or loosely placed round her neck .

Having devoted much of his career to the personnel function and having been an ardent advocate of participative management , he talks about such problems with an obvious depth of feeling .
having devoted much of his career to the personnel [purpose] and having been an ardent advocate of participative management , he talks about such problems with an obvious depth of feeling .

This philosophy obviously works in some cases when it is an established function like an accountant .
this philosophy obviously works in some cases when it is an established [purpose] like an accountant .

Finniston is in no doubt that making decisions and seeing them implemented properly are the most important aspects of a chairman 's job . He was once asked what he considered the function of a chairman to be and he gave a three-part answer :
finniston is in no doubt that making decisions and seeing them implemented properly are the most important aspects of a chairman 's job . he was once asked what he considered the [purpose] of a chairman to be and he gave a three-part answer :

’ The next phase of Haslam 's career was one where he moved about from company to company rather than from function to function .
’ the next phase of haslam 's career was one where he moved about from company to company rather than from [purpose] to [purpose] .

There are the Old People 's Associations , about 100 of them , which do not pay dividends and , therefore , function as charitable institutions ; also counted as charities are the Housing Trusts , such as the Peabody , Astor , Guinness , Lewis and Sutton Trusts , which started to build large blocks of flats in industrial areas at an early date .
there are the old people 's associations , about 100 of them , which do not pay dividends and , therefore , [purpose] as charitable institutions ; also counted as charities are the housing trusts , such as the peabody , astor , guinness , lewis and sutton trusts , which started to build large blocks of flats in industrial areas at an early date .

Treated by theology as one of the deadly sins and recognised and discussed without inhibition by philosophers , poets , psychologists and other observers of the human scene until the present century , it has all but disappeared from view in our own time and reference to its existence , let alone study of its function , has been sedulously avoided .
treated by theology as one of the deadly sins and recognised and discussed without inhibition by philosophers , poets , psychologists and other observers of the human scene until the present century , it has all but disappeared from view in our own time and reference to its existence , let alone study of its [purpose] , has been sedulously avoided .

Envy would not be so strong and indefeasible an instinct , unless it had an important function in the evolution and survival of human society , and therefore of mankind itself .
envy would not be so strong and indefeasible an instinct , unless it had an important [purpose] in the evolution and survival of human society , and therefore of mankind itself .

On the other hand , it seems likely that a positive function in the evolution of human society has been exercised by envy in that it maintained variations of individual behaviour within tolerable bounds and maintained a mutual bond , policed by envy and the fear of envy , between all the differentiated members of a society .
on the other hand , it seems likely that a positive [purpose] in the evolution of human society has been exercised by envy in that it maintained variations of individual behaviour within tolerable bounds and maintained a mutual bond , policed by envy and the fear of envy , between all the differentiated members of a society .

The function of the majority in any society , like the function of the average , is to be silent or average .
the [purpose] of the majority in any society , like the [purpose] of the average , is to be silent or average .

The philosophical implications of the physical universe are no less challenging to the human intellect because aero-engines and production lines function in obedience to the laws of physics .
the philosophical implications of the physical universe are no less challenging to the human intellect because aero-engines and production lines [purpose] in obedience to the laws of physics .

There is no function corresponding to that title which the monarch can constitutionally perform , for one very simple and conclusive reason .
there is no [purpose] corresponding to that title which the monarch can constitutionally perform , for one very simple and conclusive reason .

In the republics or a country like Malaysia , which has its own monarch , she has by definition no function and receives no constitutional advice .
in the republics or a country like malaysia , which has its own monarch , she has by definition no [purpose] and receives no constitutional advice .

He had become the president of a republic , exercising a defined formal and ceremonial function , and no amount of royal visits and royal Governors-General could alter the fact .
he had become the president of a republic , exercising a defined formal and ceremonial [purpose] , and no amount of royal visits and royal governors-general could alter the fact .

The key to any understanding of the prime importance of the Soviet press is contained in Lenin 's remarks on its function .
the key to any understanding of the prime importance of the soviet press is contained in lenin 's remarks on its [purpose] .

The key to understanding the religious function of these images is found in the gun motif .
the key to understanding the religious [purpose] of these images is found in the gun motif .

The image of the angel with a gun served a secular as well as a religious function by emphasising the lesson that the Church and the Spanish colonial régime were united in their goal to christianize the Indians .
the image of the angel with a gun served a secular as well as a religious [purpose] by emphasising the lesson that the church and the spanish colonial régime were united in their goal to christianize the indians .

The story behind Hale 's death was one with which Kahlo obviously identified , and within which dress formed an important symbolic function .
the story behind hale 's death was one with which kahlo obviously identified , and within which dress formed an important symbolic [purpose] .

The colonised body which Kahlo clothed in revolutionary idealism has lost its function as a symbol of nationhood becoming instead an icon of female suffering .
the colonised body which kahlo clothed in revolutionary idealism has lost its [purpose] as a symbol of nationhood becoming instead an icon of female suffering .

Some of the materials in this area seemed to have the purpose of padding out the exhibition , whilst at the same time fulfilling the traditional function of consolidating the achievements of the founding group whose significance it was the purpose of the exhibition to celebrate .
some of the materials in this area seemed to have the purpose of padding out the exhibition , whilst at the same time fulfilling the traditional [purpose] of consolidating the achievements of the founding group whose significance it was the purpose of the exhibition to celebrate .

The second characteristic of these more successful countries follows from the first : government has been strong , and has continued to function .
the second characteristic of these more successful countries follows from the first : government has been strong , and has continued to [purpose] .

Trade unions play a part within these associations but , since their function is nearly entirely within the formal sector — which employs only a small proportion of the population — they play a relatively minor role .
trade unions play a part within these associations but , since their [purpose] is nearly entirely within the formal sector — which employs only a small proportion of the population — they play a relatively minor role .

Peter McIntosh , the co-author of this report and a pioneer in the historical study of sport in modern Britain , concludes that the state via the Sports Council should ‘ base both research and promotion on enjoyment rather than social function ’ .
peter mcintosh , the co-author of this report and a pioneer in the historical study of sport in modern britain , concludes that the state via the sports council should ‘ base both research and promotion on enjoyment rather than social [purpose] ’ .

The ‘ central arm ’ feature of the rear suspension describes the function of the front longitudinal arm mount as the central point or ‘ pole ’ of the axle .
the ‘ central arm ’ feature of the rear suspension describes the [purpose] of the front longitudinal arm mount as the central point or ‘ pole ’ of the axle .

Because of their angle and length , the two track control arms keep the toe-in position of the arms consistent and allow specific changes in camber as a function of wheel action .
because of their angle and length , the two track control arms keep the toe-in position of the arms consistent and allow specific changes in camber as a [purpose] of wheel action .

Eliot 's Sweeney fulfilled this function .
eliot 's sweeney fulfilled this [purpose] .

In various articles of the forties Eliot refined his material , whether in relating poetry to religious ritual in ‘ The Social Function of Poetry ’ or returning to Primitive Culture and John Layard 's studies ‘ in the ‘ stone age ’ New Hebrides ' in ‘ Cultural Forces in the Human Order ’ which reworks many of the points in the earlier ‘ Notes ’ series .
in various articles of the forties eliot refined his material , whether in relating poetry to religious ritual in ‘ the social [purpose] of poetry ’ or returning to primitive culture and john layard 's studies ‘ in the ‘ stone age ’ new hebrides ' in ‘ cultural forces in the human order ’ which reworks many of the points in the earlier ‘ notes ’ series .

Again he pointed out ‘ more marked differentiation of function ’ in higher types of primitive society .
again he pointed out ‘ more marked differentiation of [purpose] ’ in higher types of primitive society .

To begin with the players were seen to undermine the idea that one 's identity and place were a function of what one essentially was — what God had made one .
to begin with the players were seen to undermine the idea that one 's identity and place were a [purpose] of what one essentially was — what god had made one .

This is usually called the ‘ agenda-setting function of the media ’ .
this is usually called the ‘ agenda-setting [purpose] of the media ’ .

In their view , the media should be firmly subordinated to the state and its primary function should be to encourage whatever the state defines as ‘ good ’ — whether that be national consciousness and personal self-discipline , or socialist egalitarianism , or a relentless drive towards modernization and economic development .
in their view , the media should be firmly subordinated to the state and its primary [purpose] should be to encourage whatever the state defines as ‘ good ’ — whether that be national consciousness and personal self-discipline , or socialist egalitarianism , or a relentless drive towards modernization and economic development .

The Public Service Ideal does not assume , against all the evidence , that a free market will necessarily produce political access , variety , and debate ; it insists upon mechanisms which aim directly at these goals rather than relying upon their being achieved as the accidental by-products of mechanisms whose primary function is to achieve quite different goals such as commercial profitability or proprietorial self-indulgence .
the public service ideal does not assume , against all the evidence , that a free market will necessarily produce political access , variety , and debate ; it insists upon mechanisms which aim directly at these goals rather than relying upon their being achieved as the accidental by-products of mechanisms whose primary [purpose] is to achieve quite different goals such as commercial profitability or proprietorial self-indulgence .

That remained much more a function of the press .
that remained much more a [purpose] of the press .

And if Davie 's principles make him what some might call ‘ elitist ’ or ‘ undemocratic ’ , as in his stinging verdicts on ‘ catchpenny enterprises … like the Arvon Poetry Competitions ’ , it is not without his having pondered the arguments about the place and function of elites and of high art in a democratic nation far more deeply than the bulk of his fellow countrymen .
and if davie 's principles make him what some might call ‘ elitist ’ or ‘ undemocratic ’ , as in his stinging verdicts on ‘ catchpenny enterprises … like the arvon poetry competitions ’ , it is not without his having pondered the arguments about the place and [purpose] of elites and of high art in a democratic nation far more deeply than the bulk of his fellow countrymen .

Its primary function is to sharpen up the best of good practice .
its primary [purpose] is to sharpen up the best of good practice .

Where Thatcher is plainly an ambitious woman , Freud reveals that the source of human ambition is urethral eroticism : the pleasure accompanying the function of urinating .
where thatcher is plainly an ambitious woman , freud reveals that the source of human ambition is urethral eroticism : the pleasure accompanying the [purpose] of urinating .

Sometimes the buildings even function better .
sometimes the buildings even [purpose] better .

It may be helpful at this stage to sketch some of the details of the structure of Highlander which enables it to function as an effective , independent centre of adult education .
it may be helpful at this stage to sketch some of the details of the structure of highlander which enables it to [purpose] as an effective , independent centre of adult education .

The period was also notable for the creation of new university extra-mural departments in recognition of the importance of liberal adult education as an integral , natural and legitimate function of universities .
the period was also notable for the creation of new university extra-mural departments in recognition of the importance of liberal adult education as an integral , natural and legitimate [purpose] of universities .

In two areas where unemployment was particularly high the farm , even though providing little or no financial return , was seen as an important factor in keeping the male school leavers occupied thereby fulfilling an important social function .
in two areas where unemployment was particularly high the farm , even though providing little or no financial return , was seen as an important factor in keeping the male school leavers occupied thereby fulfilling an important social [purpose] .

Women mourn the loss of a breast — ‘ which at 50 has no function other than a psychological one ’ — unlike almost any other part of their body which might have to be removed for health reasons .
women mourn the loss of a breast — ‘ which at 50 has no [purpose] other than a psychological one ’ — unlike almost any other part of their body which might have to be removed for health reasons .

The level of participation becomes , therefore , a function of the motivation of the partners .
the level of participation becomes , therefore , a [purpose] of the motivation of the partners .

In so doing they legitimated and endorsed the status quo , and fulfilled an ideological function of agent of disguised social control .
in so doing they legitimated and endorsed the status quo , and fulfilled an ideological [purpose] of agent of disguised social control .

There is a need for educational systems and institutional structures as a whole to function on a multi-sectoral basis .
there is a need for educational systems and institutional structures as a whole to [purpose] on a multi-sectoral basis .

In disadvantaged areas where efforts are being made to bring about improvements in employment opportunities and in family incomes , the advisory services have a very special educational function .
in disadvantaged areas where efforts are being made to bring about improvements in employment opportunities and in family incomes , the advisory services have a very special educational [purpose] .

The centralisation of political organisations means that the function of power and patronage is essentially vertical , running from the local , through the regional to the national level ; there is little need for a strong element of local community participation in order to keep political machines functioning .
the centralisation of political organisations means that the [purpose] of power and patronage is essentially vertical , running from the local , through the regional to the national level ; there is little need for a strong element of local community participation in order to keep political machines functioning .

They should only be established when it is clear that they can function effectively in a given situation .
they should only be established when it is clear that they can [purpose] effectively in a given situation .

If the back scattering intensity is monitored as a function of α , steep rises are observed when the focused trajectories at the edge of the cone pass through the neighbouring atom .
if the back scattering intensity is monitored as a [purpose] of α , steep rises are observed when the focused trajectories at the edge of the cone pass through the neighbouring atom .

Without this understanding , it will be difficult to predict the range of conditions under which the agents will function , and to write labels for their use of the kind which has become so essential for agrochemicals .
without this understanding , it will be difficult to predict the range of conditions under which the agents will [purpose] , and to write labels for their use of the kind which has become so essential for agrochemicals .

a metabolite of restricted taxonomic distribution and having no obvious metabolic function .
a metabolite of restricted taxonomic distribution and having no obvious metabolic [purpose] .

Hey ( 1979 ) suggests that Seebohm employed a variety of understandings , shifting from concentration on closely defined function to notions of distinctive competence .
hey ( 1979 ) suggests that seebohm employed a variety of understandings , shifting from concentration on closely defined [purpose] to notions of distinctive competence .

Most specifically , which types of specialist focus demand a particular team structure ; which alternatives can function on both an individual and on a team basis ?
most specifically , which types of specialist focus demand a particular team structure ; which alternatives can [purpose] on both an individual and on a team basis ?

Despite the policy commitment to developmental work in Nottinghamshire social services department , the CMHTs were under great pressure to take on a normal casework function even in advance of developing needed services : health service priorities favoured immediate casework support ; area teams in the social services department hoped to off-load casework with mentally handicapped people — not least to focus more fully on work with children and families ; and the social workers recruited to the CMHTs were confident in their casework skills but needed to adopt new roles , skills , and ways of working if development work was to become a reality .
despite the policy commitment to developmental work in nottinghamshire social services department , the cmhts were under great pressure to take on a normal casework [purpose] even in advance of developing needed services : health service priorities favoured immediate casework support ; area teams in the social services department hoped to off-load casework with mentally handicapped people — not least to focus more fully on work with children and families ; and the social workers recruited to the cmhts were confident in their casework skills but needed to adopt new roles , skills , and ways of working if development work was to become a reality .

In some instances , their work supplements the work of professionally-trained personnel ; in other situations , they function independently of professionals ; and in many parts of the world they are the only people available to provide front-line services to people in need .
in some instances , their work supplements the work of professionally-trained personnel ; in other situations , they [purpose] independently of professionals ; and in many parts of the world they are the only people available to provide front-line services to people in need .

Social workers are committed to promoting the well-being of individuals , families , groups , and communities and are expected to identify , develop and mobilize available resources to meet people 's needs and help them function at their best possible level .
social workers are committed to promoting the well-being of individuals , families , groups , and communities and are expected to identify , develop and mobilize available resources to meet people 's needs and help them [purpose] at their best possible level .

All members of this three-tier system are trained as a team and function as one .
all members of this three-tier system are trained as a team and [purpose] as one .

Our data also suggest that the team model of professional/paraprofessional staff deployment has high potential for maximizing the contribution of available personnel to the helping process and , if paraprofessional social service workers are to function at their best level , not only do they require appropriate training but professional workers also need to be trained to work with them .
our data also suggest that the team model of professional/paraprofessional staff deployment has high potential for maximizing the contribution of available personnel to the helping process and , if paraprofessional social service workers are to [purpose] at their best level , not only do they require appropriate training but professional workers also need to be trained to work with them .

On the other hand , professionals must be trained in group leadership and team building skills , supervisory techniques appropriate for work with paraprofessionals , and methods of conceptualizing and organizing the helping function that enable it to be accomplished by the combined efforts of professionals and paraprofessionals .
on the other hand , professionals must be trained in group leadership and team building skills , supervisory techniques appropriate for work with paraprofessionals , and methods of conceptualizing and organizing the helping [purpose] that enable it to be accomplished by the combined efforts of professionals and paraprofessionals .

Their original function was to represent the welfare needs of children and young people separately from the general poverty alleviation system ( Armenfürsorge ) , but they tended to develop mainly programmes in preventative medicine ( Sachsse and Tennstedt , 1988 ) .
their original [purpose] was to represent the welfare needs of children and young people separately from the general poverty alleviation system ( armenfürsorge ) , but they tended to develop mainly programmes in preventative medicine ( sachsse and tennstedt , 1988 ) .

The state 's main welfare function is to support the ‘ smaller units ’ of the tree associations and the family to carry out as wide a range of functions as possible themselves .
the state 's main welfare [purpose] is to support the ‘ smaller units ’ of the tree associations and the family to carry out as wide a range of functions as possible themselves .

All types of facilities are given a pedagogical mandate in addition to their care function in the explicit sense of fostering the development of autonomous and socially competent ( ‘ gemeinschaftsfähig ’ ) characters ( s. 22 ) .
all types of facilities are given a pedagogical mandate in addition to their care [purpose] in the explicit sense of fostering the development of autonomous and socially competent ( ‘ gemeinschaftsfähig ’ ) characters ( s. 22 ) .

With certain limited exceptions all care provisions require a permit by the youth department in order to be allowed to function .
with certain limited exceptions all care provisions require a permit by the youth department in order to be allowed to [purpose] .

The aetiology of social problems and the function of social work
the aetiology of social problems and the [purpose] of social work

Social work 's function constitutes a relatively coercive form of social control , supporting the role of the family , the work ethic , and obedience to the law .
social work 's [purpose] constitutes a relatively coercive form of social control , supporting the role of the family , the work ethic , and obedience to the law .

The aetiology of social problems and the function of social work .
the aetiology of social problems and the [purpose] of social work .

The aetiology of social problems and the function of social work .
the aetiology of social problems and the [purpose] of social work .

The aetiology of social problems and the function of social work .
the aetiology of social problems and the [purpose] of social work .

The orphanage 's overriding function was not only to care for the destitute but also to protect society from dangerous children as there was a fear that roaming , unsupervised youngsters posed a threat to social order .
the orphanage 's overriding [purpose] was not only to care for the destitute but also to protect society from dangerous children as there was a fear that roaming , unsupervised youngsters posed a threat to social order .

Resource is therefore not the problem with synthetic fuels and the progress or lack of it in the industry is a function and a consequence of the price and availability of hydrocarbons .
resource is therefore not the problem with synthetic fuels and the progress or lack of it in the industry is a [purpose] and a consequence of the price and availability of hydrocarbons .

It is not a political issue about women sharing a function hitherto assigned to men .
it is not a political issue about women sharing a [purpose] hitherto assigned to men .

In addition , most basic banks are members of an ‘ associated ’ bank , almost always within their own republic or province , whose main function is to arrange finance for major projects and to handle foreign exchange transactions .
in addition , most basic banks are members of an ‘ associated ’ bank , almost always within their own republic or province , whose main [purpose] is to arrange finance for major projects and to handle foreign exchange transactions .

In principle , the National Bank has the function of implementing these policies .
in principle , the national bank has the [purpose] of implementing these policies .

Charman considered that a producer 's main function was to force compromises on bands .
charman considered that a producer 's main [purpose] was to force compromises on bands .

the independent film movement aims to understand the cinema not as a profit-making machine confined to the realm of ‘ mass entertainment , but as one of the central means whereby a society consciously speaks to and thus understands itself … British film practice , to fulfil its potential function , must be more than a business enterprise .
the independent film movement aims to understand the cinema not as a profit-making machine confined to the realm of ‘ mass entertainment , but as one of the central means whereby a society consciously speaks to and thus understands itself … british film practice , to fulfil its potential [purpose] , must be more than a business enterprise .

( Gledhill 1984 , p.31 ) Film structures our fantasies ( entertainment or escapism ) as well as our realities ( film as documentary ‘ evidence ’ or information ) and each function in itself is ample reason why feminists should have a keen interest in the cinema .
( gledhill 1984 , p.31 ) film structures our fantasies ( entertainment or escapism ) as well as our realities ( film as documentary ‘ evidence ’ or information ) and each [purpose] in itself is ample reason why feminists should have a keen interest in the cinema .

was a spirited discussion of the nature and function of ‘ femininities ’ , especially in recent decades ; published in 1987 , at the most politically depressing period of Thatcherism when the socialist-feminist vision seemed a distant memory or hopeless pipedream , Segal defended her optimism about women 's astonishing progress since the 1960s , and about the fracturing of gender identities which she saw as irreversible .
was a spirited discussion of the nature and [purpose] of ‘ femininities ’ , especially in recent decades ; published in 1987 , at the most politically depressing period of thatcherism when the socialist-feminist vision seemed a distant memory or hopeless pipedream , segal defended her optimism about women 's astonishing progress since the 1960s , and about the fracturing of gender identities which she saw as irreversible .

Kristeva 's more recent interest in the practical or healing function of psychoanalysis leads her , in ‘ The Adolescent Novel ’ , to consider the therapeutic aspects of narrative .
kristeva 's more recent interest in the practical or healing [purpose] of psychoanalysis leads her , in ‘ the adolescent novel ’ , to consider the therapeutic aspects of narrative .

This , you will realise , is very much Emily Triumphant and , for Bennett , a large part of that triumph — both as woman and poet — springs from Dickinson 's responses to the Godhead ( or not ) , to the natural world , the was a point of view ' and , Bennett maintains , one which shaped and informed Dickinson 's responses to the Godhead ( or not ) , to the natural world , the function of the poet , and the purpose , syntax and language of poetry itself .
this , you will realise , is very much emily triumphant and , for bennett , a large part of that triumph — both as woman and poet — springs from dickinson 's responses to the godhead ( or not ) , to the natural world , the was a point of view ' and , bennett maintains , one which shaped and informed dickinson 's responses to the godhead ( or not ) , to the natural world , the [purpose] of the poet , and the purpose , syntax and language of poetry itself .

‘ Jansher was warned by the players ’ chairman , Phil Whitlock , for not turning up to the official function at the Singapore Open last month .
‘ jansher was warned by the players ’ chairman , phil whitlock , for not turning up to the official [purpose] at the singapore open last month .

This is an almost inevitable function of the clubby atmosphere of the media in what is , after all , a very small country .
this is an almost inevitable [purpose] of the clubby atmosphere of the media in what is , after all , a very small country .

Along the Thai border , the Khmer Rouge leaders can function with impunity , courtesy of the Thai Army which has supported them as its most effective weapon against Vietnam , Thailand 's largest security concern .
along the thai border , the khmer rouge leaders can [purpose] with impunity , courtesy of the thai army which has supported them as its most effective weapon against vietnam , thailand 's largest security concern .

While the Polish church has always been a vital element in the Poles ' national identity , neither the Protestant nor the Catholic churches in Germany — much less East Germany — have ever had this function .
while the polish church has always been a vital element in the poles ' national identity , neither the protestant nor the catholic churches in germany — much less east germany — have ever had this [purpose] .

The decision of an inferior tribunal with a limited jurisdiction and a limited function to perform is capable of creating an estoppel for all purposes , subject to the principles that it can not conclusively determine the limits of its own jurisdiction and that a public official can not be debarred from performing his statutory duty .
the decision of an inferior tribunal with a limited jurisdiction and a limited [purpose] to perform is capable of creating an estoppel for all purposes , subject to the principles that it can not conclusively determine the limits of its own jurisdiction and that a public official can not be debarred from performing his statutory duty .

Subject to those two safegaurds there was no reason why the decision of an inferior tribunal with a limited jurisdiction and a strictly limited function to perform should not be capable of creating an issue estoppel .
subject to those two safegaurds there was no reason why the decision of an inferior tribunal with a limited jurisdiction and a strictly limited [purpose] to perform should not be capable of creating an issue estoppel .

Currently , resignations of the underwriting members , the wealthy individuals who back the market with their private wealth which allows it to function , are running at 1,900 .
currently , resignations of the underwriting members , the wealthy individuals who back the market with their private wealth which allows it to [purpose] , are running at 1,900 .

The researchers showed cancer develops when the function of oncogenes is disturbed and cells grow without control , the Karolinska Institute said .
the researchers showed cancer develops when the [purpose] of oncogenes is disturbed and cells grow without control , the karolinska institute said .

Scott was so pleased with the style he had evolved at Battersea , a treatment that humanised industrial forms without denying their function , that he also used it on the Guinness Factory at Park Royal , west London .
scott was so pleased with the style he had evolved at battersea , a treatment that humanised industrial forms without denying their [purpose] , that he also used it on the guinness factory at park royal , west london .

In procedural terms , therefore , the life sentence involves a transfer of function : normally it is the judge who determines the sentence ( or at least its upper limit , since earlier release on parole may be possible ) , whereas a life sentence entrusts that function to the executive , who must first ascertain the opinions of the Lord Chief Justice and the trial judge .
in procedural terms , therefore , the life sentence involves a transfer of [purpose] : normally it is the judge who determines the sentence ( or at least its upper limit , since earlier release on parole may be possible ) , whereas a life sentence entrusts that [purpose] to the executive , who must first ascertain the opinions of the lord chief justice and the trial judge .

This argument neglects the symbolic function of the labels applied by the law and by courts to criminal conduct .
this argument neglects the symbolic [purpose] of the labels applied by the law and by courts to criminal conduct .

Their Lordships devoted little of their speeches to the possibility of allowing duress to function as a qualified defence to murder , reducing the crime to manslaughter and leaving the judge to pass an appropriate sentence .
their lordships devoted little of their speeches to the possibility of allowing duress to [purpose] as a qualified defence to murder , reducing the crime to manslaughter and leaving the judge to pass an appropriate sentence .

Much depends on the social function of labelling criminal offences , and on the particular labels chosen .
much depends on the social [purpose] of labelling criminal offences , and on the particular labels chosen .

Retaining the more serious label which refers to the causing of death may therefore perform a useful educative function ; it is hardly unfair to the driver , since this is the very risk against which the rules are intended to guard .
retaining the more serious label which refers to the causing of death may therefore perform a useful educative [purpose] ; it is hardly unfair to the driver , since this is the very risk against which the rules are intended to guard .

Rape is only held to have been committed in English law where the sexual intercourse is ‘ unlawful ’ , and it is generally assumed that the function of that term is to remove non-consensual intercourse between a man and his wife from the ambit of rape .
rape is only held to have been committed in english law where the sexual intercourse is ‘ unlawful ’ , and it is generally assumed that the [purpose] of that term is to remove non-consensual intercourse between a man and his wife from the ambit of rape .

On close examination by the American Consumers ' Union , some of these switches were found to be connected to no vital function of the machine whatever .
on close examination by the american consumers ' union , some of these switches were found to be connected to no vital [purpose] of the machine whatever .

The proper function of woman was to raise a brood much larger than women had wanted since before 1914 .
the proper [purpose] of woman was to raise a brood much larger than women had wanted since before 1914 .

As a breed they are not instinctive guard dogs , and their function in life is to provide hours of endless amusement and pleasure — a task which they certainly embrace whole-heartedly .
as a breed they are not instinctive guard dogs , and their [purpose] in life is to provide hours of endless amusement and pleasure — a task which they certainly embrace whole-heartedly .

That , not economic meddling , should be the function of government regulation .
that , not economic meddling , should be the [purpose] of government regulation .

Weight is a function of construction and complexity .
weight is a [purpose] of construction and complexity .

Mourning can have a therapeutic function that we ignore at our peril .
mourning can have a therapeutic [purpose] that we ignore at our peril .

Depending on the materials available , the choice of what metal or alloy to use for a particular artefact would be influenced mainly by its intended function and how it was to be manufactured .
depending on the materials available , the choice of what metal or alloy to use for a particular artefact would be influenced mainly by its intended [purpose] and how it was to be manufactured .

It blasphemed God 's goodness to declare that one day , the seventh , was holier than the other six ( the Christian Sunday was seen as the eighth day , pointing beyond time to eternity ) ; that some food or animals were clean and others unclean ; that some nations were less God 's children than others , or that a natural function , such as menstruation , made women unholy and hence unfit for contact with God .
it blasphemed god 's goodness to declare that one day , the seventh , was holier than the other six ( the christian sunday was seen as the eighth day , pointing beyond time to eternity ) ; that some food or animals were clean and others unclean ; that some nations were less god 's children than others , or that a natural [purpose] , such as menstruation , made women unholy and hence unfit for contact with god .

Returning to our historical outline and intimately connected with this new notion of female impurity , was the development of an increased rigidity in attitude toward and definition of function within the family group — something which had gradually been happening before the sixth century but which was accelerated and refined by the experience of the exile .
returning to our historical outline and intimately connected with this new notion of female impurity , was the development of an increased rigidity in attitude toward and definition of [purpose] within the family group — something which had gradually been happening before the sixth century but which was accelerated and refined by the experience of the exile .

the concentration upon ritual purity and the sharp differentiation in male — female social function — were to have far-reaching consequences for women .
the concentration upon ritual purity and the sharp differentiation in male — female social [purpose] — were to have far-reaching consequences for women .

Whilst women 's role as mothers was of paramount importance to society — particularly after the exile when maternity , for various pragmatic reasons , became the means of transmitting and establishing in biological terms , as it were , religious and ethnic identity — it would seem logical , given our culture — nature opposition and the fact that culture seeks to control and impose upon whatever has been construed as natural , that something had to be done in cultural terms about the natural function of childbirth .
whilst women 's role as mothers was of paramount importance to society — particularly after the exile when maternity , for various pragmatic reasons , became the means of transmitting and establishing in biological terms , as it were , religious and ethnic identity — it would seem logical , given our culture — nature opposition and the fact that culture seeks to control and impose upon whatever has been construed as natural , that something had to be done in cultural terms about the natural [purpose] of childbirth .

Mothers , wives , sisters and daughters — in each of these roles Hindu women function in a paradoxical way which reflects this male attitude towards their sexuality .
mothers , wives , sisters and daughters — in each of these roles hindu women [purpose] in a paradoxical way which reflects this male attitude towards their sexuality .

Elsewhere he describes women as having an essentially passive sexual function , ‘ … so that its course is determined by the treatment accorded by the man . ’
elsewhere he describes women as having an essentially passive sexual [purpose] , ‘ … so that its course is determined by the treatment accorded by the man . ’

Here relationships are ordered , certainly ; each person of the Trinity has a differentiated function , but all are equal .
here relationships are ordered , certainly ; each person of the trinity has a differentiated [purpose] , but all are equal .

In a few days ' time , perhaps sooner , he would die quietly of pneumonia , peacefully suffocating as the bloodstream slowed and the deprived lungs surrendered their function .
in a few days ' time , perhaps sooner , he would die quietly of pneumonia , peacefully suffocating as the bloodstream slowed and the deprived lungs surrendered their [purpose] .

Nevertheless there is an increasing tendency for such workers to regard this function as a separate job , not part of food production or handling , to be carried out by other unskilled people .
nevertheless there is an increasing tendency for such workers to regard this [purpose] as a separate job , not part of food production or handling , to be carried out by other unskilled people .

The function is of vital importance .
the [purpose] is of vital importance .

The total cleaning effect of the solution is not solely a function of the detergency characteristics .
the total cleaning effect of the solution is not solely a [purpose] of the detergency characteristics .

Cleaning , using detergents , is therefore a function carried out using a detergent combined with heat and water
cleaning , using detergents , is therefore a [purpose] carried out using a detergent combined with heat and water

Many claims are made for their disinfectant properties but the results obtained may be more a function of their excellent detergency in removing , rather than destroying , micro-organisms and their recommended method of use in sequence with other cleaning agents followed by a number of rinses .
many claims are made for their disinfectant properties but the results obtained may be more a [purpose] of their excellent detergency in removing , rather than destroying , micro-organisms and their recommended method of use in sequence with other cleaning agents followed by a number of rinses .

To make some sense of this vast range , and to understand how the variables can be employed to make useful , but considerably different products out of the same basic chemicals , it is necessary to classify products according to their general function in the food environment .
to make some sense of this vast range , and to understand how the variables can be employed to make useful , but considerably different products out of the same basic chemicals , it is necessary to classify products according to their general [purpose] in the food environment .

This is not as objectionable though as the host of descriptions which virtually conceal the identity of the product and refer to it by any of a number of lurid , dramatic or pseudo scientific titles which bear little if any relationship to function .
this is not as objectionable though as the host of descriptions which virtually conceal the identity of the product and refer to it by any of a number of lurid , dramatic or pseudo scientific titles which bear little if any relationship to [purpose] .

Product description must make clear the function of the product , using the appropriate British Standard term , so that it is less likely that the product will be used as a straightforward cleaning agent without the necessary controls .
product description must make clear the [purpose] of the product , using the appropriate british standard term , so that it is less likely that the product will be used as a straightforward cleaning agent without the necessary controls .

Tanks can differ from sinks more in terms of function than design as a sink can also be used as a tank .
tanks can differ from sinks more in terms of [purpose] than design as a sink can also be used as a tank .

The variety in shape , size and function has also improved and specific brushes are now manufactured for a myriad of tasks in food industries .
the variety in shape , size and [purpose] has also improved and specific brushes are now manufactured for a myriad of tasks in food industries .

Any dispensers needed should be fitted and filled on the day of commencement , not before , otherwise they may be misused before their function is known .
any dispensers needed should be fitted and filled on the day of commencement , not before , otherwise they may be misused before their [purpose] is known .

This function should be severely restricted to as few persons as possible .
this [purpose] should be severely restricted to as few persons as possible .

In many operations more time is spent on searching for , collecting and assembling cleaning materials than is devoted to the pure cleaning function .
in many operations more time is spent on searching for , collecting and assembling cleaning materials than is devoted to the pure cleaning [purpose] .

While the practice of cleaning is the application of science , with its administrative back-up , the achievement of cleanliness is wholly a management function without which little can be accomplished . The fundamental requirements of good management in cleaning are the same as in any other work namely a manager needs to :
while the practice of cleaning is the application of science , with its administrative back-up , the achievement of cleanliness is wholly a management [purpose] without which little can be accomplished . the fundamental requirements of good management in cleaning are the same as in any other work namely a manager needs to :

Providing the means therefore is a question of balance achieved by satisfying the relationship between labour and other energy forms while integrating the whole cleaning function with the rest of the operation .
providing the means therefore is a question of balance achieved by satisfying the relationship between labour and other energy forms while integrating the whole cleaning [purpose] with the rest of the operation .

Having stated the objectives and set in motion a chain of actions the most important management function is to check the result , a comparison between performance required and actually achieved .
having stated the objectives and set in motion a chain of actions the most important management [purpose] is to check the result , a comparison between performance required and actually achieved .

Some of these can be expressed as a distance-decay function and indeed costs of migration may largely be a matter of distance as in the case of outmigration from island economies such as are found in the Caribbean or Oceania ; others are political and virtually insurmountable , such as national frontiers .
some of these can be expressed as a distance-decay [purpose] and indeed costs of migration may largely be a matter of distance as in the case of outmigration from island economies such as are found in the caribbean or oceania ; others are political and virtually insurmountable , such as national frontiers .

They follow the national kindergarten syllabus which is : mother tongue , drawing , mathematics , nature , and in addition have lying , sitting , standing , walking , and hands function programmes .
they follow the national kindergarten syllabus which is : mother tongue , drawing , mathematics , nature , and in addition have lying , sitting , standing , walking , and hands [purpose] programmes .

He came to no more meals , and Roland feared Fergus thought this was a function of his , Roland 's , resentment .
he came to no more meals , and roland feared fergus thought this was a [purpose] of his , roland 's , resentment .

Irrespective of their original function , these historical documents now provide us with many fascinating insights into the way we were .
irrespective of their original [purpose] , these historical documents now provide us with many fascinating insights into the way we were .

They function as a spurious pattern into which the narrative might slide if so allowed .
they [purpose] as a spurious pattern into which the narrative might slide if so allowed .

Sartre in particular was especially reprehensible as a consequence of his advocacy of ‘ la littérature engagée ’ — such a delineation of a social and political function for the writer was at direct variance with the formalist prerequisites of the nouveau roman .
sartre in particular was especially reprehensible as a consequence of his advocacy of ‘ la littérature engagée ’ — such a delineation of a social and political [purpose] for the writer was at direct variance with the formalist prerequisites of the nouveau roman .

Ricardou was particularly guilty of attempting to establish an officially sanctioned list of approved modernist precursors : the criteria he used were based on a simplistic and over-schematic distinction between writers who accepted a mimetic function and those for whom the materiality of language could be shown to be paramount .
ricardou was particularly guilty of attempting to establish an officially sanctioned list of approved modernist precursors : the criteria he used were based on a simplistic and over-schematic distinction between writers who accepted a mimetic [purpose] and those for whom the materiality of language could be shown to be paramount .

In Le Voyeur ( 1955 ) , the intense preoccupation with specific objects which the travelling watch salesman displays — the figure-of-eight patterns , the girl 's neck , the rope , the cinema poster — is contrived to function as an index of his guilt : Mathias is incriminated by the narrative , although his guilt is never proved conclusively .
in le voyeur ( 1955 ) , the intense preoccupation with specific objects which the travelling watch salesman displays — the figure-of-eight patterns , the girl 's neck , the rope , the cinema poster — is contrived to [purpose] as an index of his guilt : mathias is incriminated by the narrative , although his guilt is never proved conclusively .

It is vital to emphasize Tel Quel 's perception of the implicitly political nature of avant-garde writing : Ricardou shared the group 's belief in the ‘ critical function ’ of oppositional works .
it is vital to emphasize tel quel 's perception of the implicitly political nature of avant-garde writing : ricardou shared the group 's belief in the ‘ critical [purpose] ’ of oppositional works .

Such celebrations of our art should not be limited only to honouring great architects and their buildings , or listening to occasional lectures and debates , but should be a continuous function of our institute .
such celebrations of our art should not be limited only to honouring great architects and their buildings , or listening to occasional lectures and debates , but should be a continuous [purpose] of our institute .

The idea is neither to express the spirit of the times , nor go backwards and create a Disney World of history . It is : what forms create what moods ? How do the materials function with such forms ? How is the environment affected ? What is the overall impression of the built edifice to the human experience of visitors to that place ?
the idea is neither to express the spirit of the times , nor go backwards and create a disney world of history . it is : what forms create what moods ? how do the materials [purpose] with such forms ? how is the environment affected ? what is the overall impression of the built edifice to the human experience of visitors to that place ?

You end up having inappropriate sculptures just put somewhere in front of the building , bearing no relation to it or its function .
you end up having inappropriate sculptures just put somewhere in front of the building , bearing no relation to it or its [purpose] .

No architect before Burn had thought so profoundly about how buildings should function
no architect before burn had thought so profoundly about how buildings should [purpose]

No architect before him had thought so profoundly about how buildings should function and no other had ever been so nimble in adapting to changes of fashion without loss of integrity .
no architect before him had thought so profoundly about how buildings should [purpose] and no other had ever been so nimble in adapting to changes of fashion without loss of integrity .

As the final building in a line of four-storey semi-detached villas , it compliments its neighbours and at the same time relates approximately in both function and scale to neighbouring buildings in a mews at the rear .
as the final building in a line of four-storey semi-detached villas , it compliments its neighbours and at the same time relates approximately in both [purpose] and scale to neighbouring buildings in a mews at the rear .

The superpowers have seen the conflict as a function of their own struggle , and seen regional contestants either as friends or as surrogates of the enemy .
the superpowers have seen the conflict as a [purpose] of their own struggle , and seen regional contestants either as friends or as surrogates of the enemy .

Syria will determine whether to accept any resettlement , or whether to continue its support of the refugee demand to return to Palestine , as a function of its own regional objectives .
syria will determine whether to accept any resettlement , or whether to continue its support of the refugee demand to return to palestine , as a [purpose] of its own regional objectives .

Theories that suppose latent inhibition to be a function of what the stimulus itself predicts have been compelled to introduce special explanations to deal with the fact of context — specificity — and , as we shall see , they have done so with rather little success .
theories that suppose latent inhibition to be a [purpose] of what the stimulus itself predicts have been compelled to introduce special explanations to deal with the fact of context — specificity — and , as we shall see , they have done so with rather little success .

In summary , then , the basic facts of context-specificity in latent inhibition encourage acceptance of the view that the role of the context is to function as a retrieval cue for information acquired during exposure to the target .
in summary , then , the basic facts of context-specificity in latent inhibition encourage acceptance of the view that the role of the context is to [purpose] as a retrieval cue for information acquired during exposure to the target .

If the behaviour patterns of the good citizen as delineated by Home Office ministers were both so lacking and so necessary to cultivate as they suggested , the schools ' function in laying the essential foundations was transparently obvious .
if the behaviour patterns of the good citizen as delineated by home office ministers were both so lacking and so necessary to cultivate as they suggested , the schools ' [purpose] in laying the essential foundations was transparently obvious .

The function of the citizen is to conform , not question .
the [purpose] of the citizen is to conform , not question .

Thus , when the Board of Education issues its official Suggestions for Teachers handbook in 1910 it transmitted a clear message : ‘ … the high function of the teacher is to prepare the child for the life of the good citizen , to create and foster the aptitude for work and for the intelligent use of leisure , and to develop those features of character which are most readily influenced by school life , such as loyalty to comrades , loyalty to institutions , unselfishness and an orderly and disciplined habit of mind .
thus , when the board of education issues its official suggestions for teachers handbook in 1910 it transmitted a clear message : ‘ … the high [purpose] of the teacher is to prepare the child for the life of the good citizen , to create and foster the aptitude for work and for the intelligent use of leisure , and to develop those features of character which are most readily influenced by school life , such as loyalty to comrades , loyalty to institutions , unselfishness and an orderly and disciplined habit of mind .

But their real function is to give people a chance to be famous for five minutes , by saying something that will get them on to the next news broadcast .
but their real [purpose] is to give people a chance to be famous for five minutes , by saying something that will get them on to the next news broadcast .

It seems unobtrusive , but that is undoubtedly its function .
it seems unobtrusive , but that is undoubtedly its [purpose] .

Mr Moran sees no reason why Liverpool should not function normally in Mr Souness 's absence .
mr moran sees no reason why liverpool should not [purpose] normally in mr souness 's absence .

Taking the argument to its conclusion , Hong Kong has delegated this necessary but tedious function to a small group of expat Brits , so that everybody else can get on with making money .
taking the argument to its conclusion , hong kong has delegated this necessary but tedious [purpose] to a small group of expat brits , so that everybody else can get on with making money .

Mr Ashe said he was not sick and could ‘ function very well ’ .
mr ashe said he was not sick and could ‘ [purpose] very well ’ .

This method serves a dual function — it will absorb irregularities in the existing floorboards , and also muffle sound .
this method serves a dual [purpose] — it will absorb irregularities in the existing floorboards , and also muffle sound .

Their function now is to make a good job of delivering the railway services that the PTEs and sectors want to buy from them .
their [purpose] now is to make a good job of delivering the railway services that the ptes and sectors want to buy from them .

In so doing Railfreight chalked up an achievement which would scarcely be considered feasible by any other European railway administration : only in Britain is the freight-carrying railway required to function without government subsidy .
in so doing railfreight chalked up an achievement which would scarcely be considered feasible by any other european railway administration : only in britain is the freight-carrying railway required to [purpose] without government subsidy .

Therefore he has a public front and function as well as an unhealthy yellow human face .
therefore he has a public front and [purpose] as well as an unhealthy yellow human face .

The pondering , the getting at the absent Stavrogin , proves successful ; many acute observations buttress the central ‘ lukewarm ’ truth about him , and analysis spills over into the notebooks where Tikhon 's God's-voice function appears at its clearest .
the pondering , the getting at the absent stavrogin , proves successful ; many acute observations buttress the central ‘ lukewarm ’ truth about him , and analysis spills over into the notebooks where tikhon 's god's-voice [purpose] appears at its clearest .

We feel that our function is to convey accurate information .
we feel that our [purpose] is to convey accurate information .

It claims to eliminate toxins from the body , to restore a normal potassium and sodium balance in cells ( which is thought to be disturbed in cancer patients ) , to boost liver function ( also affected by the disease ) and to reactivate certain enzymes .
it claims to eliminate toxins from the body , to restore a normal potassium and sodium balance in cells ( which is thought to be disturbed in cancer patients ) , to boost liver [purpose] ( also affected by the disease ) and to reactivate certain enzymes .

‘ It is an accepted practice in dire situations such as this that the board is replaced or supplemented by a new board charged with the function of restoring the fortunes of the company and the confidence of customers , ’ the letter says .
‘ it is an accepted practice in dire situations such as this that the board is replaced or supplemented by a new board charged with the [purpose] of restoring the fortunes of the company and the confidence of customers , ’ the letter says .

Original function :
original [purpose] :

Also , how these should function and — perhaps most important of all — where you put them .
also , how these should [purpose] and — perhaps most important of all — where you put them .

While there are a few things in digital technology which have no possible representation in analogue form — infinite impulse response filters are a good example — most digital blocks derive their shape from the original analogue function .
while there are a few things in digital technology which have no possible representation in analogue form — infinite impulse response filters are a good example — most digital blocks derive their shape from the original analogue [purpose] .

In this way the desired object has been achieved in the form of a signal variation which is the function of the external magnetic field strength .
in this way the desired object has been achieved in the form of a signal variation which is the [purpose] of the external magnetic field strength .

Data processing is achieved automatically : TableCurve can use all of its 221 equations to find a best fit , or the ‘ special function ’ equations can be omitted or ‘ simple ’ equations selected .
data processing is achieved automatically : tablecurve can use all of its 221 equations to find a best fit , or the ‘ special [purpose] ’ equations can be omitted or ‘ simple ’ equations selected .

There is an elegance about a circuit which achieves its function with great simplicity .
there is an elegance about a circuit which achieves its [purpose] with great simplicity .

Momentum 's filter design product performs well ; characteristic plot of a filter transfer function .
momentum 's filter design product performs well ; characteristic plot of a filter transfer [purpose] .

Mackenzie 's technique uses a variant of Michael Barnsley 's iterated function system , called a fractal interpolation function .
mackenzie 's technique uses a variant of michael barnsley 's iterated [purpose] system , called a fractal interpolation [purpose] .

Taking a ( sampled ) waveform as its starting point , the function fills in gaps between samples with a replica of the original waveform , contracted in time .
taking a ( sampled ) waveform as its starting point , the [purpose] fills in gaps between samples with a replica of the original waveform , contracted in time .

Figure 4 , an RMS-to-DC converter , also used the difference-of-squares function .
figure 4 , an rms-to-dc converter , also used the difference-of-squares [purpose] .

Closeted in the conference palace at Taif — itself built by a Lebanese-born millionaire — the MPs found themselves unable to exercise their normal function of playing to the gallery .
closeted in the conference palace at taif — itself built by a lebanese-born millionaire — the mps found themselves unable to exercise their normal [purpose] of playing to the gallery .

Henning Albrechsten reckons that it takes three years for a telecottage to be able to function without subsidy .
henning albrechsten reckons that it takes three years for a telecottage to be able to [purpose] without subsidy .

Acknowledging the apparent opposition between these two terms , he goes on to argue , and to show from historical evidence , that throughout the nineteenth century , and into the early twentieth , much of the central function of criticism was carried by literary and cultural journalism , most of it , admittedly , of a more spacious and literate order than is common today .
acknowledging the apparent opposition between these two terms , he goes on to argue , and to show from historical evidence , that throughout the nineteenth century , and into the early twentieth , much of the central [purpose] of criticism was carried by literary and cultural journalism , most of it , admittedly , of a more spacious and literate order than is common today .

The proposed airport , for example , will have facilities to function as a Chinese domestic facility , with immigration arrangements for visitors to both Macao and China .
the proposed airport , for example , will have facilities to [purpose] as a chinese domestic facility , with immigration arrangements for visitors to both macao and china .

Learning of this affront to the Christmas Spirit from the Washington Post , the First Lady rallied her forces , put some bills into her handbag , summoned the Secret Service and sallied forth to Mazza Galleries , one of the few places in town which still allows the Sally Army to function .
learning of this affront to the christmas spirit from the washington post , the first lady rallied her forces , put some bills into her handbag , summoned the secret service and sallied forth to mazza galleries , one of the few places in town which still allows the sally army to [purpose] .

This was substituted by a new clause which stated that ‘ parties , mass organisations and mass movements are set up under a procedure established by legislation , and function within the framework of the constitution and law ’ of the republic .
this was substituted by a new clause which stated that ‘ parties , mass organisations and mass movements are set up under a procedure established by legislation , and [purpose] within the framework of the constitution and law ’ of the republic .

The operation of such monastic mills was usually supervised by the Cellarer , whose function was to inspect and supervise the production of both beer and bread .
the operation of such monastic mills was usually supervised by the cellarer , whose [purpose] was to inspect and supervise the production of both beer and bread .

It is perhaps surprising , with Healings ' huge mill in nearby Tewkesbury , that a few mills such as Northway and particularly Aston , managed to function for as long as they did .
it is perhaps surprising , with healings ' huge mill in nearby tewkesbury , that a few mills such as northway and particularly aston , managed to [purpose] for as long as they did .

The usual function for these wheels is to provide power for auxiliary equipment such as a saw-bench , apple crusher etc , but in this case , the system also worked in reverse .
the usual [purpose] for these wheels is to provide power for auxiliary equipment such as a saw-bench , apple crusher etc , but in this case , the system also worked in reverse .

Marketing as a function
marketing as a [purpose]

Although it is the coroner 's court 's function simply to find the cause of death , under what circumstances it happened and who , if anybody , is to be charged and with what , many members of the public plus the national papers were speaking as if Drew had already been indicted .
although it is the coroner 's court 's [purpose] simply to find the cause of death , under what circumstances it happened and who , if anybody , is to be charged and with what , many members of the public plus the national papers were speaking as if drew had already been indicted .

It was here that the great receptions and gala balls took place , though it was not the setting for the traditional New Year 's ambassadorial reception as described by Hubner , which was that of the Throne part played by the Empress , since this was her first appearance at such a function and it thus enables us to observe her on an occasion of high formality :
it was here that the great receptions and gala balls took place , though it was not the setting for the traditional new year 's ambassadorial reception as described by hubner , which was that of the throne part played by the empress , since this was her first appearance at such a [purpose] and it thus enables us to observe her on an occasion of high formality :

In addition to its function as a crucial teaching and learning method , talk is now widely recognised as promoting and embodying a range of skills and competence — both transactional and social — that are central to children 's overall language development .
in addition to its [purpose] as a crucial teaching and learning method , talk is now widely recognised as promoting and embodying a range of skills and competence — both transactional and social — that are central to children 's overall language development .

showing an increasing ability to function collaboratively — eg involving others in a discussion ; listening to and giving weight to the opinions of others ; perceiving the relevance of contributions ; timing contributions ; adjusting and adapting to feedback ;
showing an increasing ability to [purpose] collaboratively — eg involving others in a discussion ; listening to and giving weight to the opinions of others ; perceiving the relevance of contributions ; timing contributions ; adjusting and adapting to feedback ;

the skills enabling pupils to function collaboratively and to participate positively and with understanding in general discussion ;
the skills enabling pupils to [purpose] collaboratively and to participate positively and with understanding in general discussion ;

Provide some evidence that the function of paragraphing ( ie to separate distinct ideas , events , etc and to unify related ones ) has been grasped .
provide some evidence that the [purpose] of paragraphing ( ie to separate distinct ideas , events , etc and to unify related ones ) has been grasped .

These orthographic conventions should be taught in the context of the children 's own writing and should always be related to their function of making the writer 's meaning clear to the reader .
these orthographic conventions should be taught in the context of the children 's own writing and should always be related to their [purpose] of making the writer 's meaning clear to the reader .

( iv ) In the context of their own writing and reading , pupils should learn the meaning ( or grammatical function ) and the spelling of some common prefixes and suffixes , eg un- , in- ( and im- , il- , ir- ) , -able , -ness , -ful , etc .
( iv ) in the context of their own writing and reading , pupils should learn the meaning ( or grammatical [purpose] ) and the spelling of some common prefixes and suffixes , eg un- , in- ( and im- , il- , ir- ) , -able , -ness , -ful , etc .

17.67 We have referred in paragraphs 17.60 , 17.61 and 17.65 to the process of continuous assessment , and to the function of the samples of children 's work in providing a basis for further development .
17.67 we have referred in paragraphs 17.60 , 17.61 and 17.65 to the process of continuous assessment , and to the [purpose] of the samples of children 's work in providing a basis for further development .

Their function was to work , to procreate and to give place to the next generation ; while the sprawling capital endured .
their [purpose] was to work , to procreate and to give place to the next generation ; while the sprawling capital endured .

My function is to lay before you , in a logical and detached manner , the fruits of my experience .
my [purpose] is to lay before you , in a logical and detached manner , the fruits of my experience .

Its function is to stimulate the development of a conservative agrarian petty bourgeoisie and thus reduce the threat of social instability in the countryside ’ ( de Janvry and Ground 1978 : 106 ) .
its [purpose] is to stimulate the development of a conservative agrarian petty bourgeoisie and thus reduce the threat of social instability in the countryside ’ ( de janvry and ground 1978 : 106 ) .

For Marx , however , the function of the reserve army of labour was keeping wages low and , to this end , the absolute size of the reserve army need not be very great .
for marx , however , the [purpose] of the reserve army of labour was keeping wages low and , to this end , the absolute size of the reserve army need not be very great .

‘ The political stance adopted by a class at any given time will be i part a function of the structure of the political system as whole and the concrete possibilities which exist in a specific situation for the application of various kinds of class alliances ’ ( Roxborough 1979 : 82 ) .
‘ the political stance adopted by a class at any given time will be i part a [purpose] of the structure of the political system as whole and the concrete possibilities which exist in a specific situation for the application of various kinds of class alliances ’ ( roxborough 1979 : 82 ) .

‘ Do you really wonder , ’ he asked me at an embassy function in west Beirut , ‘ why we wo n't claim compensation ?
‘ do you really wonder , ’ he asked me at an embassy [purpose] in west beirut , ‘ why we wo n't claim compensation ?

He has a sash across his shirt as if he is an ambassador at a diplomatic function .
he has a sash across his shirt as if he is an ambassador at a diplomatic [purpose] .

The exchange is purely ritual in function , authorizing Bert Braddock to reassure anxious shop stewards if they start asking awkward questions .
the exchange is purely ritual in [purpose] , authorizing bert braddock to reassure anxious shop stewards if they start asking awkward questions .

Second , as was mentioned in the last chapter , one important function of authoritative directives is to establish and help sustain conventions .
second , as was mentioned in the last chapter , one important [purpose] of authoritative directives is to establish and help sustain conventions .

They articulate the service conception of the function of authorities , that is , the view that their role and primary normal function is to serve the governed .
they articulate the service conception of the [purpose] of authorities , that is , the view that their role and primary normal [purpose] is to serve the governed .

These are meant not merely , if at all , to serve a useful instrumental function , but also to be solemn , ritualized expressions of loyalty and identification .
these are meant not merely , if at all , to serve a useful instrumental [purpose] , but also to be solemn , ritualized expressions of loyalty and identification .

If some market mechanism , actual or hypothetical , is assumed , the value of primary goods is the function of supply and demand where the demand is partly determined by the usefulness of the goods in the implementation of conceptions of the good which are actually pursued in that society and by the number of those pursuing different conceptions .
if some market mechanism , actual or hypothetical , is assumed , the value of primary goods is the [purpose] of supply and demand where the demand is partly determined by the usefulness of the goods in the implementation of conceptions of the good which are actually pursued in that society and by the number of those pursuing different conceptions .

This is because it carries out a unique function within the nuclear industry : it tries to deal with the problems left over at the end .
this is because it carries out a unique [purpose] within the nuclear industry : it tries to deal with the problems left over at the end .

Furthermore , empire now had a domestic political function .
furthermore , empire now had a domestic political [purpose] .

Consequently , the board master is a person of great status in the hotel and his ancient function is highly revered .
consequently , the board master is a person of great status in the hotel and his ancient [purpose] is highly revered .

The yardages for each tournament are the single most important function of a caddie .
the yardages for each tournament are the single most important [purpose] of a caddie .

The joint reading of the greens may be the second-most important function , but having the correct yardages definitely comes first .
the joint reading of the greens may be the second-most important [purpose] , but having the correct yardages definitely comes first .

These arrangements for review of the procedures were strongly condemned by the Opposition which argued that the monitoring function should be undertaken by a Select Committee of the House of Commons which would ‘ oversee the work of any person responsible for , or making use of , the interception of communications ’ .
these arrangements for review of the procedures were strongly condemned by the opposition which argued that the monitoring [purpose] should be undertaken by a select committee of the house of commons which would ‘ oversee the work of any person responsible for , or making use of , the interception of communications ’ .

John was always prepared to take suggestions from his chosen dancers and also from Peggy van Praagh , who told me that her function was most often to suggest that he was attempting too much and ought to take something out .
john was always prepared to take suggestions from his chosen dancers and also from peggy van praagh , who told me that her [purpose] was most often to suggest that he was attempting too much and ought to take something out .

The only function of genes is to determine which proteins are made , thereby determining which chemical reactions take place and which structures will be present in the cell .
the only [purpose] of genes is to determine which proteins are made , thereby determining which chemical reactions take place and which structures will be present in the cell .

However , discovering the function of a gene is not at all easy .
however , discovering the [purpose] of a gene is not at all easy .

The English embryologist , John Gurdon , in an extensive series of experiments performed during the 1960s , showed that if he transplanted the nucleus from one of the cells of the blastula of early toad embryo it could function as if it were the toad egg 's nucleus .
the english embryologist , john gurdon , in an extensive series of experiments performed during the 1960s , showed that if he transplanted the nucleus from one of the cells of the blastula of early toad embryo it could [purpose] as if it were the toad egg 's nucleus .

So how are we to reach any agreement now , at the end of the 1980s , on the function of education , what it is for , what needs it must meet ?
so how are we to reach any agreement now , at the end of the 1980s , on the [purpose] of education , what it is for , what needs it must meet ?

It is the nature and function of imagination to envisage what is not yet , or is no longer , the case .
it is the nature and [purpose] of imagination to envisage what is not yet , or is no longer , the case .

On the one hand , a school curriculum must fulfil its primary function of serving to open to new ideas the minds of those who follow it .
on the one hand , a school curriculum must fulfil its primary [purpose] of serving to open to new ideas the minds of those who follow it .

In Britain , ever since the foundation of the grammar schools in the middle ages , schools have always been thought to have the function of bringing disadvantaged children up to the level of those whose homes are more educative and cultured .
in britain , ever since the foundation of the grammar schools in the middle ages , schools have always been thought to have the [purpose] of bringing disadvantaged children up to the level of those whose homes are more educative and cultured .

perhaps , he thought as he followed Maisie down the front path , it was that he knew them only as fathers , as people whose primary function was to stand at the edge of swimming pools , dank gymnasia or football fields , their collective manhoods bruised by nurture , blurring with age and helpless love .
perhaps , he thought as he followed maisie down the front path , it was that he knew them only as fathers , as people whose primary [purpose] was to stand at the edge of swimming pools , dank gymnasia or football fields , their collective manhoods bruised by nurture , blurring with age and helpless love .

The carer may find it repugnant at first to think of helping the patient with this basic human function .
the carer may find it repugnant at first to think of helping the patient with this basic human [purpose] .

Although the ultimate goal of rehabilitation is for the patient to be able to walk and function independently , not all patients can be expected to recover fully .
although the ultimate goal of rehabilitation is for the patient to be able to walk and [purpose] independently , not all patients can be expected to recover fully .

The principle underlying this treatment method is the certainty that the central nervous system is capable of recovering function despite being damaged : any lesion in the brain , such as a blood clot , only interferes with one part of the brain , while other parts of the brain , plus the spinal cord , are left undamaged .
the principle underlying this treatment method is the certainty that the central nervous system is capable of recovering [purpose] despite being damaged : any lesion in the brain , such as a blood clot , only interferes with one part of the brain , while other parts of the brain , plus the spinal cord , are left undamaged .

The capacity of the central nervous system to recover function is technically called neuroplasticity .
the capacity of the central nervous system to recover [purpose] is technically called neuroplasticity .

The sequence of modern physiotherapy treatment normally follows a pattern : the patient has to recover his ability to balance first and foremost ; then he has to recover his ability to transfer his weight from side to side ; standing balance is the next stage , accompanied by the ability to sit down from standing up , and to stand up from sitting ; selective movements using the affected arm and leg come next ; then he learns to make steps , followed by walking ; function in the upper limb ( arm ) and controlling it in order to make selective movements against gravity happens at a late stage ; the final rehabilitation task is to regain functional , detailed movements in the affected hand and foot .
the sequence of modern physiotherapy treatment normally follows a pattern : the patient has to recover his ability to balance first and foremost ; then he has to recover his ability to transfer his weight from side to side ; standing balance is the next stage , accompanied by the ability to sit down from standing up , and to stand up from sitting ; selective movements using the affected arm and leg come next ; then he learns to make steps , followed by walking ; [purpose] in the upper limb ( arm ) and controlling it in order to make selective movements against gravity happens at a late stage ; the final rehabilitation task is to regain functional , detailed movements in the affected hand and foot .

All the differences that have been discussed between basalts , andesites and rhyolites fundamentally reflect their differences in composition , and this in turn is a function of the geological environment in which the lavas occur .
all the differences that have been discussed between basalts , andesites and rhyolites fundamentally reflect their differences in composition , and this in turn is a [purpose] of the geological environment in which the lavas occur .

It depends in part on how one perceives the function that the Act serves , and it probably serves several .
it depends in part on how one perceives the [purpose] that the act serves , and it probably serves several .

Their brains function ; they are conscious and are able to do a variety of things ; but they have been struck down , for example , by polio .
their brains [purpose] ; they are conscious and are able to do a variety of things ; but they have been struck down , for example , by polio .

As already stated , the primary function of cavity walls is to prevent rain or moisture absorbed by the outer leaf from affecting the inner leaf with its internal plaster and decorations .
as already stated , the primary [purpose] of cavity walls is to prevent rain or moisture absorbed by the outer leaf from affecting the inner leaf with its internal plaster and decorations .

On earth this was the function of the pharaoh .
on earth this was the [purpose] of the pharaoh .

Although in Mesopotamia kingship was never so important as in Egypt , its function was the maintenance of harmony between earth and heaven .
although in mesopotamia kingship was never so important as in egypt , its [purpose] was the maintenance of harmony between earth and heaven .

The nub of its argument is that policing is a necessary function which ideally should control the criminal victimization disproportionately afflicting the most vulnerable members of our society .
the nub of its argument is that policing is a necessary [purpose] which ideally should control the criminal victimization disproportionately afflicting the most vulnerable members of our society .

The Working Party 's stance stems from the fact that 70 per cent of the Board 's distributable income arises from Test match generated funds , and therefore the Board sees as its ‘ principal function and power the promotion , financing and betterment of cricket generally with an essential object being the achievement of the highest possible standards at international level ’ .
the working party 's stance stems from the fact that 70 per cent of the board 's distributable income arises from test match generated funds , and therefore the board sees as its ‘ principal [purpose] and power the promotion , financing and betterment of cricket generally with an essential object being the achievement of the highest possible standards at international level ’ .

Peter performed this function with maximum cheerfulness for the last two pre-war years and the first two afterwards .
peter performed this [purpose] with maximum cheerfulness for the last two pre-war years and the first two afterwards .

It may be that you have been taking them for so long that you are caught up in a chemical spiral and can not now function without them .
it may be that you have been taking them for so long that you are caught up in a chemical spiral and can not now [purpose] without them .

Contribution to society : Works like ten men and fulfils valuable function keeping Sloaney hackettes off the streets . Not a parasite
contribution to society : works like ten men and fulfils valuable [purpose] keeping sloaney hackettes off the streets . not a parasite

Her Majesty 's Parliamentary Opposition have of course a duty to oppose the Government of the day as part of their constitutional function .
her majesty 's parliamentary opposition have of course a duty to oppose the government of the day as part of their constitutional [purpose] .

It is compatible with the order-maintenance function of the police that they should have power to regulate both public processions and assemblies , and the 1986 Act refines their powers to do this .
it is compatible with the order-maintenance [purpose] of the police that they should have power to regulate both public processions and assemblies , and the 1986 act refines their powers to do this .

Editorial standards in the media operate for the most part well inside those limits , with the criminal law invoked chiefly against publications which have as their primary function the exploitation of those limits through material traded as ‘ forbidden fruit ’ .
editorial standards in the media operate for the most part well inside those limits , with the criminal law invoked chiefly against publications which have as their primary [purpose] the exploitation of those limits through material traded as ‘ forbidden fruit ’ .

The diverseness of their appearance gives no clue to the similarity in the origin and function of the male and female germ cells ( which are also known as gametes , or marrying cells ) .
the diverseness of their appearance gives no clue to the similarity in the origin and [purpose] of the male and female germ cells ( which are also known as gametes , or marrying cells ) .

Most people would probably not be delighted to be told that their daughter has chosen to become a surrogate mother ; but it can not be the function of the law either to prevent unpleasant situations , or to tell one 's daughter how to conduct her affairs .
most people would probably not be delighted to be told that their daughter has chosen to become a surrogate mother ; but it can not be the [purpose] of the law either to prevent unpleasant situations , or to tell one 's daughter how to conduct her affairs .

It is now open to the public as a prize example of how well organic farming can function .
it is now open to the public as a prize example of how well organic farming can [purpose] .

President Theodore Roosevelt holds the record for the number of hands shaken at an official function ? To 500 either side , how many did he shake ?
president theodore roosevelt holds the record for the number of hands shaken at an official [purpose] ? to 500 either side , how many did he shake ?

Holding your breath builds up tension and shallow breathing denies your body the oxygen it needs to function at maximum efficiency .
holding your breath builds up tension and shallow breathing denies your body the oxygen it needs to [purpose] at maximum efficiency .

Writing out a fresh job specification enables you to see the job objectively , possibly rethinking it to fulfil a more useful function .
writing out a fresh job specification enables you to see the job objectively , possibly rethinking it to fulfil a more useful [purpose] .

In many respects it may no longer fulfil a useful function and those parts of the job that are still useful could be distributed among existing staff .
in many respects it may no longer fulfil a useful [purpose] and those parts of the job that are still useful could be distributed among existing staff .

They fulfil a very necessary two-fold function .
they fulfil a very necessary two-fold [purpose] .

In this book we are dealing with the second function ; application forms as a means of making an initial selection .
in this book we are dealing with the second [purpose] ; application forms as a means of making an initial selection .

Recently at an important business function several of the managers from the company for whom she works came over to take a closer look .
recently at an important business [purpose] several of the managers from the company for whom she works came over to take a closer look .

Thiamin is need for the proper function of the heart , nervous system and muscles .
thiamin is need for the proper [purpose] of the heart , nervous system and muscles .

With these , the highly skilled and trained chiropractor effects a purely bio-mechanical correction to restore normal movement and function .
with these , the highly skilled and trained chiropractor effects a purely bio-mechanical correction to restore normal movement and [purpose] .

Its sole nutritional function is to supply energy .
its sole nutritional [purpose] is to supply energy .

Alcohol depresses brain and nerve function , it is not a stimulant .
alcohol depresses brain and nerve [purpose] , it is not a stimulant .

symptoms of impaired nerve function .
symptoms of impaired nerve [purpose] .

Doing so regularly will , over months or years , increase the risk of harm to almost every body function .
doing so regularly will , over months or years , increase the risk of harm to almost every body [purpose] .

Impaired sexual and reproductive function in both men and women
impaired sexual and reproductive [purpose] in both men and women

The process of idealizing one 's partner , turning a blind eye to faults or discrepancies between what is and what is desired , can perform a useful function .
the process of idealizing one 's partner , turning a blind eye to faults or discrepancies between what is and what is desired , can perform a useful [purpose] .

Secondly , he distinguished between four different ‘ function types ’ , based on the way people perceive and judge the world .
secondly , he distinguished between four different ‘ [purpose] types ’ , based on the way people perceive and judge the world .

The predominant use of one function rather than another is not , said Jung , to be despised .
the predominant use of one [purpose] rather than another is not , said jung , to be despised .

Thus a primary perceptive function can be supported by an auxiliary judging process and vice versa , but thinking and feeling can never support each other , nor can sensation and intuition .
thus a primary perceptive [purpose] can be supported by an auxiliary judging process and vice versa , but thinking and feeling can never support each other , nor can sensation and intuition .

Clearly it is easier to assess the predominant function used by an extrovert than that used by an introvert , just because the extrovert likes immediate communication .
clearly it is easier to assess the predominant [purpose] used by an extrovert than that used by an introvert , just because the extrovert likes immediate communication .

Robert Braithwaite soon emerged strongly is a sensation type with feeling as his auxiliary function .
robert braithwaite soon emerged strongly is a sensation type with feeling as his auxiliary [purpose] .

The implications for all industrial planning function are immense .
the implications for all industrial planning [purpose] are immense .

The firm 's demand for labour will , therefore , be a negative function of the real wage .
the firm 's demand for labour will , therefore , be a negative [purpose] of the real wage .

The unemployment function
the unemployment [purpose]

4.11 where graph ( i ) shows the demand for labour function and graph ( iii ) shows the unemployment function ; graph ( ii ) depicts a 45 ° line which enables us to switch the demand for labour axis from being vertical in graph ( i ) to being horizontal in graph ( iii ) .
4.11 where graph ( i ) shows the demand for labour [purpose] and graph ( iii ) shows the unemployment [purpose] ; graph ( ii ) depicts a 45 ° line which enables us to switch the demand for labour axis from being vertical in graph ( i ) to being horizontal in graph ( iii ) .

In Figure 6.6 , we were able to represent the function as an augmented Phillips curve .
in figure 6.6 , we were able to represent the [purpose] as an augmented phillips curve .

The function can also be represented as an augmented Phillips curve and we shall refer to this relationship as the inflation-unemployment curve .
the [purpose] can also be represented as an augmented phillips curve and we shall refer to this relationship as the inflation-unemployment curve .

The function of the hospital corner is to allow children to play out imaginatively fears and worries resulting from real experience at the hospital or doctor 's surgery .
the [purpose] of the hospital corner is to allow children to play out imaginatively fears and worries resulting from real experience at the hospital or doctor 's surgery .

As Casteleyn noted : ‘ many libraries are unable to appoint a full-time training officer but tend to link the training function with another job , very often involving personnel work ’ .
as casteleyn noted : ‘ many libraries are unable to appoint a full-time training officer but tend to link the training [purpose] with another job , very often involving personnel work ’ .

We can trust God that all of the other equipment will function as advertised .
we can trust god that all of the other equipment will [purpose] as advertised .

Now that we have laid a foundation of general Christian concepts involved in marriage , it may be good to look at some of the specific expectations each of you , as prospective marriage partners , have for your marriage , your marriage partner and the way you intend to function in that marriage .
now that we have laid a foundation of general christian concepts involved in marriage , it may be good to look at some of the specific expectations each of you , as prospective marriage partners , have for your marriage , your marriage partner and the way you intend to [purpose] in that marriage .

The reason it is important to share feelings is that the sharing of emotions gives an insight to the fabric and function of the filter .
the reason it is important to share feelings is that the sharing of emotions gives an insight to the fabric and [purpose] of the filter .

In 1819 , when Danzig had been the provincial capital for only three years , and for reasons that are unclear , the Prussians moved the function of administrative capital to Königsberg .
in 1819 , when danzig had been the provincial capital for only three years , and for reasons that are unclear , the prussians moved the [purpose] of administrative capital to königsberg .

The ferret 's function is to frighten the rabbits so that they bolt out of the holes or to force them to retreat through the burrow system until they become cornered so that they can be dug out while the ferret holds them in that fixed position .
the ferret 's [purpose] is to frighten the rabbits so that they bolt out of the holes or to force them to retreat through the burrow system until they become cornered so that they can be dug out while the ferret holds them in that fixed position .

The function of the line ferret is to locate those muzzled ferrets that stay below the surface once they have cornered one or more rabbits in a dead-end of a burrow .
the [purpose] of the line ferret is to locate those muzzled ferrets that stay below the surface once they have cornered one or more rabbits in a dead-end of a burrow .

The function of the line is to ensure that the male animal is fully under your control .
the [purpose] of the line is to ensure that the male animal is fully under your control .

It is important that a long-net should be set completely clear of sticks and brambles for if these become entangled within the net it can not function properly .
it is important that a long-net should be set completely clear of sticks and brambles for if these become entangled within the net it can not [purpose] properly .

Leave the receiver on the ground in a working position as close as possible to the area where you now intend to dig and the receiver will continue to function .
leave the receiver on the ground in a working position as close as possible to the area where you now intend to dig and the receiver will continue to [purpose] .

Nonesuch reverts to its old function , keeping the University as a whole together , telling graduates what is going on in their old alma mater , and keeping them up to date with what their contemporaries are doing .
nonesuch reverts to its old [purpose] , keeping the university as a whole together , telling graduates what is going on in their old alma mater , and keeping them up to date with what their contemporaries are doing .

Ethel Mitchell and her ladies were having a function , a dinner-dance , the highlight of their social calendar .
ethel mitchell and her ladies were having a [purpose] , a dinner-dance , the highlight of their social calendar .

Wealthy families would while away their days at the baths being massaged with aromatic oils by the unfortunate eunuch slave whose sole function in life was to knead and pummel his master .
wealthy families would while away their days at the baths being massaged with aromatic oils by the unfortunate eunuch slave whose sole [purpose] in life was to knead and pummel his master .

Many people believe that the skin is an impervious covering , the sole function of which is to keep the blood and organs in and water out .
many people believe that the skin is an impervious covering , the sole [purpose] of which is to keep the blood and organs in and water out .

The function of the etheric body is to receive and transmit energy or life-force ( prana ) from the air we breathe .
the [purpose] of the etheric body is to receive and transmit energy or life-force ( prana ) from the air we breathe .

Before embarking on any form of mental/spiritual development , which includes meditation , it is essential that you are able to understand the function of the aura ( see also page 39 ) and are able to control and strengthen your own aura .
before embarking on any form of mental/spiritual development , which includes meditation , it is essential that you are able to understand the [purpose] of the aura ( see also page 39 ) and are able to control and strengthen your own aura .

All this was swept away by a new principle which was introduced in the early part of the nineteenth century , namely , that a local authority could not carry out any function unless strictly authorised by statute .
all this was swept away by a new principle which was introduced in the early part of the nineteenth century , namely , that a local authority could not carry out any [purpose] unless strictly authorised by statute .

These were all set up to administer one particular function and because of this , they are known as ad hoc bodies .
these were all set up to administer one particular [purpose] and because of this , they are known as ad hoc bodies .

Education ( the most expensive local government function ) is the responsibility of county councils or district councils in the areas which were formerly covered by metropolitan counties .
education ( the most expensive local government [purpose] ) is the responsibility of county councils or district councils in the areas which were formerly covered by metropolitan counties .

Local authorities to a very great extent are responsible for the present ‘ grant control ’ which is exercised by Central Government for , whenever in recent years the Central Government have asked them to carry out some new function the local authorities have countered the request by a demand for a Government grant to assist with the new service .
local authorities to a very great extent are responsible for the present ‘ grant control ’ which is exercised by central government for , whenever in recent years the central government have asked them to carry out some new [purpose] the local authorities have countered the request by a demand for a government grant to assist with the new service .

The special treatment that concessions represent removes from older people the dignity associated with being able to function independently without the need for subsidy or support .
the special treatment that concessions represent removes from older people the dignity associated with being able to [purpose] independently without the need for subsidy or support .

In similar vein , dare it be said that the charitable function of Age Concern serves this dual function ? To what extent does its dependence on charitable donations make it an involuntary party in the game of denial ? If it were more forcefully to challenge the ageism that underlies the social structure , would it be in danger of provoking a backlash from those of its supporters who do not wish to be reminded that all is not well , despite their charity ? Is Age Concern contributing to the idea that something effective is being done ? Does it address the issue that it is the impact of social structures on older people that needs to be challenged , and that any amount of charitable good work is not going to fundamentally alter this situation ? Is it strident enough in stating that not enough is being achieved ? Despite its undoubted contribution in the past 50 years , perhaps these are questions that it needs to address now it is embarking on the journey to its centenary .
in similar vein , dare it be said that the charitable [purpose] of age concern serves this dual [purpose] ? to what extent does its dependence on charitable donations make it an involuntary party in the game of denial ? if it were more forcefully to challenge the ageism that underlies the social structure , would it be in danger of provoking a backlash from those of its supporters who do not wish to be reminded that all is not well , despite their charity ? is age concern contributing to the idea that something effective is being done ? does it address the issue that it is the impact of social structures on older people that needs to be challenged , and that any amount of charitable good work is not going to fundamentally alter this situation ? is it strident enough in stating that not enough is being achieved ? despite its undoubted contribution in the past 50 years , perhaps these are questions that it needs to address now it is embarking on the journey to its centenary .

’ But the normal biological processes of ageing are not synonymous with either disease or loss of function .
’ but the normal biological processes of ageing are not synonymous with either disease or loss of [purpose] .

Writing to Brook about the Palestine Committee , a survivor from the Coalition , he said that its nominal chairman was Herbert Morrison but that it had ceased to function , its work having shifted to the Middle East Ministerial Committee under Ernest Bevin .
writing to brook about the palestine committee , a survivor from the coalition , he said that its nominal chairman was herbert morrison but that it had ceased to [purpose] , its work having shifted to the middle east ministerial committee under ernest bevin .

Woolton told Churchill his supervisory role had largely ceased to function .
woolton told churchill his supervisory role had largely ceased to [purpose] .

‘ The Egypt Committee ’ , Selwyn Lloyd remembered , ‘ would , however , continue to function , but if emergency decisions had to be taken the Cabinet would be recalled .
‘ the egypt committee ’ , selwyn lloyd remembered , ‘ would , however , continue to [purpose] , but if emergency decisions had to be taken the cabinet would be recalled .

And , since the casualty list of the Westland Affair , there have been signs that the Thatcher Cabinet may function more collectively for a time at least .
and , since the casualty list of the westland affair , there have been signs that the thatcher cabinet may [purpose] more collectively for a time at least .

The information function of public libraries probably needs little definition .
the information [purpose] of public libraries probably needs little definition .

To a considerable extent it shades into the self-education function , especially if the latter is broadened to include practical matters ( do-it-yourself , cookery , sport , etc . )
to a considerable extent it shades into the self-education [purpose] , especially if the latter is broadened to include practical matters ( do-it-yourself , cookery , sport , etc . )

The ungainly term cultural reading alludes to a function which is notoriously difficult to define . Benge refers to reading which is
the ungainly term cultural reading alludes to a [purpose] which is notoriously difficult to define . benge refers to reading which is

He argues that this service is much more appropriately organized at local level , where demand for the theatre of books can be stimulated , whilst the information function operates essentially at national level , in response to demand .
he argues that this service is much more appropriately organized at local level , where demand for the theatre of books can be stimulated , whilst the information [purpose] operates essentially at national level , in response to demand .

As suggested above , rather more control over policy can be maintained if allocation is by criteria other than geographical ones , and many authorities allocate at least part of their bookfunds on the basis of function , user groups , or formats of material . Amongst criteria commonly used are :
as suggested above , rather more control over policy can be maintained if allocation is by criteria other than geographical ones , and many authorities allocate at least part of their bookfunds on the basis of [purpose] , user groups , or formats of material . amongst criteria commonly used are :

Function The need for clarification of function in public libraries has already been discussed in Chapter 3 .
[purpose] the need for clarification of [purpose] in public libraries has already been discussed in chapter 3 .

Guidelines may relate generically to a function ( e.g .
guidelines may relate generically to a [purpose] ( e.g .

recreational reading , adult relate generically to a function ( e.g .
recreational reading , adult relate generically to a [purpose] ( e.g .

recreational reading , adult language books ) or to more specific categories of books within the function ( e.g .
recreational reading , adult language books ) or to more specific categories of books within the [purpose] ( e.g .

Resource allocation — between types of material and/or between subjects ( or departments ) — is a function of library policy , and has a profound effect upon collection development .
resource allocation — between types of material and/or between subjects ( or departments ) — is a [purpose] of library policy , and has a profound effect upon collection development .

McClellan proposed a different series of categories based upon what he called the function of material , rather than level alone .
mcclellan proposed a different series of categories based upon what he called the [purpose] of material , rather than level alone .

Weeding is one function of this stage of work at the shelves .
weeding is one [purpose] of this stage of work at the shelves .

During the weeding process a second function is also carried out , in which the librarian notes the patterns of use and records these for future consultation at the ordering stage .
during the weeding process a second [purpose] is also carried out , in which the librarian notes the patterns of use and records these for future consultation at the ordering stage .

Within a subject the system allows little note to be taken of the level or function of material .
within a subject the system allows little note to be taken of the level or [purpose] of material .

This is seen most clearly in libraries whose function is educational ( in the broadest sense ) .
this is seen most clearly in libraries whose [purpose] is educational ( in the broadest sense ) .

The vital function of ensuring coverage of new publications is haphazard .
the vital [purpose] of ensuring coverage of new publications is haphazard .

Whenever the library does play the controlling role in the book selection process there must be one person within the library with overall responsibility for that function .
whenever the library does play the controlling role in the book selection process there must be one person within the library with overall responsibility for that [purpose] .

The librarian himself may well be closely involved , but the controlling function normally rests with head of acquisitions .
the librarian himself may well be closely involved , but the controlling [purpose] normally rests with head of acquisitions .

In very general terms the trading economics function as follows .
in very general terms the trading economics [purpose] as follows .

‘ Whereas , it is necessary that steps be taken to ensure the continued conservation of the countryside in mountain areas in certain other less-favoured areas ; whereas the Member States have already taken or plan to take positive measures for this purpose and these efforts should be encouraged ; whereas farming performs a fundamental function in this respect . ’
‘ whereas , it is necessary that steps be taken to ensure the continued conservation of the countryside in mountain areas in certain other less-favoured areas ; whereas the member states have already taken or plan to take positive measures for this purpose and these efforts should be encouraged ; whereas farming performs a fundamental [purpose] in this respect . ’

In particular , it would be difficult for the structure to function with a large staff .
in particular , it would be difficult for the structure to [purpose] with a large staff .

The Palm House in the Royal Botanic Gardens was built 1844–8 , and is one of the most startling pieces of Victorian architectural audacity , qualifying for a place in this book by virtue of its function and its pioneering construction .
the palm house in the royal botanic gardens was built 1844–8 , and is one of the most startling pieces of victorian architectural audacity , qualifying for a place in this book by virtue of its [purpose] and its pioneering construction .

Although the content of some of the jobs in question had altered considerably , the degree of that alteration was not sufficient to fall outside the original description of the proper function of the grade concerned .
although the content of some of the jobs in question had altered considerably , the degree of that alteration was not sufficient to fall outside the original description of the proper [purpose] of the grade concerned .

How he performs his function is largely up to him .
how he performs his [purpose] is largely up to him .

Several pathophysiological mechanisms have been implicated including premature atherosclerosis , increased circulating blood volume , a role for insulin , body sodium and catecholamines , abnormal central blood-pressure regulation and abnormalities of function or structure of plasma renin which will now be reviewed .
several pathophysiological mechanisms have been implicated including premature atherosclerosis , increased circulating blood volume , a role for insulin , body sodium and catecholamines , abnormal central blood-pressure regulation and abnormalities of [purpose] or structure of plasma renin which will now be reviewed .

In patients without evidence of nephropathy a similar diet and drug regimen can be used and , if there are features of nephropathy , the inexorable decline of renal function may be slowed by good control of hypertension ( Mogensen , 1982 ; Parving et al , 1983 ) .
in patients without evidence of nephropathy a similar diet and drug regimen can be used and , if there are features of nephropathy , the inexorable decline of renal [purpose] may be slowed by good control of hypertension ( mogensen , 1982 ; parving et al , 1983 ) .

With the decline of renal function it is extremely important to monitor serum electrolytes closely , especially in those on diuretic therapy .
with the decline of renal [purpose] it is extremely important to monitor serum electrolytes closely , especially in those on diuretic therapy .

In this chapter the possible role of enhanced platelet function in the development of diabetic vascular disease will be discussed because of the postulated role of platelets in early lesions of atheroma and their importance in the development of thrombus on pre-existing atheromatous plaques leading to final arterial occlusion .
in this chapter the possible role of enhanced platelet [purpose] in the development of diabetic vascular disease will be discussed because of the postulated role of platelets in early lesions of atheroma and their importance in the development of thrombus on pre-existing atheromatous plaques leading to final arterial occlusion .

In addition , Colwell et al ( 1978 ) have postulated that abnormal platelet function secondary to the diabetic state may contribute to the development of the specific microvascular disease of diabetics which makes an important contribution to morbidity and mortality in the diabetic population , principally through retinopathy , nephropathy and neuropathy and possibly also a cardiopathy ( Keen & Jarrett , 1982 ) .
in addition , colwell et al ( 1978 ) have postulated that abnormal platelet [purpose] secondary to the diabetic state may contribute to the development of the specific microvascular disease of diabetics which makes an important contribution to morbidity and mortality in the diabetic population , principally through retinopathy , nephropathy and neuropathy and possibly also a cardiopathy ( keen & jarrett , 1982 ) .

Platelet structure and its relationship to platelet function has been given tremendous impetus , through the application of electromicroscopy to the study of platelet anatomy and the development of techniques for isolation of physiologically active platelets and their preservation for ultrastructural study .
platelet structure and its relationship to platelet [purpose] has been given tremendous impetus , through the application of electromicroscopy to the study of platelet anatomy and the development of techniques for isolation of physiologically active platelets and their preservation for ultrastructural study .

Defreyn et al ( 1981 ) have demonstrated a deficiency of thromboxane formation and platelet aggregation in platelets from a patient with a familial bleeding tendency , thus emphasizing the importance of thromboxane production in the physiology of platelet function .
defreyn et al ( 1981 ) have demonstrated a deficiency of thromboxane formation and platelet aggregation in platelets from a patient with a familial bleeding tendency , thus emphasizing the importance of thromboxane production in the physiology of platelet [purpose] .

These included : a barrier function to the formed elements of blood and plasma macromolecules ; resistance to platelet thrombi ; active transport of substances from blood ; synthesis of factors involved in vessel wall-blood interactions and vascular repair processes .
these included : a barrier [purpose] to the formed elements of blood and plasma macromolecules ; resistance to platelet thrombi ; active transport of substances from blood ; synthesis of factors involved in vessel wall-blood interactions and vascular repair processes .

These findings have led to the suggestion that altered endothelial function without endothelial loss may be important in permitting platelet thrombus formation .
these findings have led to the suggestion that altered endothelial [purpose] without endothelial loss may be important in permitting platelet thrombus formation .

Platelet Function in Diabetes Mellitus
platelet [purpose] in diabetes mellitus

Despite increasing numbers of research communications concerned with platelet function in the diabetic there remain many conflicting reports and unresolved questions .
despite increasing numbers of research communications concerned with platelet [purpose] in the diabetic there remain many conflicting reports and unresolved questions .

For instance , there is no absolutely satisfactory test of platelet function .
for instance , there is no absolutely satisfactory test of platelet [purpose] .

Many studies have been performed using in vitro tests and it is difficult to be certain of the relevance of these tests to platelet function in vivo .
many studies have been performed using in vitro tests and it is difficult to be certain of the relevance of these tests to platelet [purpose] in vivo .

However , there is no doubt that the development of the turbidometric method for the study of platelet aggregation in vitro ( Born , 1962 ) gave tremendous impetus to the study of platelet function .
however , there is no doubt that the development of the turbidometric method for the study of platelet aggregation in vitro ( born , 1962 ) gave tremendous impetus to the study of platelet [purpose] .

In more recent years , as understanding of platelet physiology has increased , newer tests have been applied to the study of platelets from diabetic subjects which may be more relevant to platelet function in vivo .
in more recent years , as understanding of platelet physiology has increased , newer tests have been applied to the study of platelets from diabetic subjects which may be more relevant to platelet [purpose] in vivo .

Further attempts to estimate platelet function in vivo have involved isotopic labelling of platelets and measurement of platelet survival and assessments of platelet aggregation in whole blood .
further attempts to estimate platelet [purpose] in vivo have involved isotopic labelling of platelets and measurement of platelet survival and assessments of platelet aggregation in whole blood .

In addition to problems intrinsic to the methodology of platelet function , problems also arise from the diabetic groups studied .
in addition to problems intrinsic to the methodology of platelet [purpose] , problems also arise from the diabetic groups studied .

Many of the early studies of platelet function in diabetic subjects failed to take into account other factors known to influence platelet function , particularly the presence or absence of diabetic vascular complications .
many of the early studies of platelet [purpose] in diabetic subjects failed to take into account other factors known to influence platelet [purpose] , particularly the presence or absence of diabetic vascular complications .

However , it is difficult to be completely sure of the absence of vascular disease on clinical grounds alone and , for this reason , some groups have studied platelet function in diabetic children and adolescents in whom vascular disease would be unlikely .
however , it is difficult to be completely sure of the absence of vascular disease on clinical grounds alone and , for this reason , some groups have studied platelet [purpose] in diabetic children and adolescents in whom vascular disease would be unlikely .

Early studies of platelet function in diabetes used in vitro tests of platelet adhesion .
early studies of platelet [purpose] in diabetes used in vitro tests of platelet adhesion .

These cells may be important modulators of platelet function in vivo through their ability to take up adenine nucleotides and synthesize and release regulatory prostaglandins ( Roos & Pfleger , 1972 ; Blackwell et al , 1978 ) .
these cells may be important modulators of platelet [purpose] in vivo through their ability to take up adenine nucleotides and synthesize and release regulatory prostaglandins ( roos & pfleger , 1972 ; blackwell et al , 1978 ) .

This technique has been applied to the study of platelet function in diabetic subjects ( Jones et al , 1985 ) .
this technique has been applied to the study of platelet [purpose] in diabetic subjects ( jones et al , 1985 ) .

Platelet Function and Diabetic Control
platelet [purpose] and diabetic control

The overall effect of diabetic control on platelet function remains to be clarified .
the overall effect of diabetic control on platelet [purpose] remains to be clarified .

Studies in this field are difficult to interpret due to the inherent variability of the measurements of platelet function .
studies in this field are difficult to interpret due to the inherent variability of the measurements of platelet [purpose] .

Hypoglycaemia , as might be expected , may affect platelet function substantially ( Hutton et al , 1979 ; Hilsted et al , 1980 ) , presumably by stimulating the release of counter-regulatory hormones , particularly adrenaline which is known to be a potent stimulus for platelet aggregation .
hypoglycaemia , as might be expected , may affect platelet [purpose] substantially ( hutton et al , 1979 ; hilsted et al , 1980 ) , presumably by stimulating the release of counter-regulatory hormones , particularly adrenaline which is known to be a potent stimulus for platelet aggregation .

For these reasons studies detailing the effects of diabetic control on platelet function must be interpreted with caution .
for these reasons studies detailing the effects of diabetic control on platelet [purpose] must be interpreted with caution .

In addition , it is important to know which of the altered plasma factors in the diabetic state are responsible for enhanced platelet function .
in addition , it is important to know which of the altered plasma factors in the diabetic state are responsible for enhanced platelet [purpose] .

If ‘ tight ’ diabetic control leads to restoration of platelet function to normal , is this a reflection of the fall in blood glucose , alteration in plasma lipids and fatty acids , restoration of normal endothelial cell integrity or other mechanisms ?
if ‘ tight ’ diabetic control leads to restoration of platelet [purpose] to normal , is this a reflection of the fall in blood glucose , alteration in plasma lipids and fatty acids , restoration of normal endothelial cell integrity or other mechanisms ?

However , bearing in mind these constraints ; what is the current evidence linking diabetic control and platelet function ?
however , bearing in mind these constraints ; what is the current evidence linking diabetic control and platelet [purpose] ?

Associations between glycaemic control and parameters of platelet function have been sought both in cross-sectional studies and prospective studies and conflicting findings have been reported .
associations between glycaemic control and parameters of platelet [purpose] have been sought both in cross-sectional studies and prospective studies and conflicting findings have been reported .

This suggested association between lipid and lipoprotein levels and enhanced platelet function in diabetes is supported by many studies which have described abnormal platelet function in hyperlipidaemic non-diabetic subjects ( Nordoy & Rodset , 1971 ; Carvalho et al , 1974 ; Shattil et al , 1977 ; Colman , 1978 ; Joist et al , 1979 ; Tremoli et al , 1979 ) which have measured in vitro platelet aggregation , platelet factor 4 , plasma antiheparin activity and a bleeding-time test .
this suggested association between lipid and lipoprotein levels and enhanced platelet [purpose] in diabetes is supported by many studies which have described abnormal platelet [purpose] in hyperlipidaemic non-diabetic subjects ( nordoy & rodset , 1971 ; carvalho et al , 1974 ; shattil et al , 1977 ; colman , 1978 ; joist et al , 1979 ; tremoli et al , 1979 ) which have measured in vitro platelet aggregation , platelet factor 4 , plasma antiheparin activity and a bleeding-time test .

The mechanism of lipid-induced effects of platelet function has received considerable attention .
the mechanism of lipid-induced effects of platelet [purpose] has received considerable attention .

Lipoproteins may indirectly affect platelet function by altering vascular endothelial cell function .
lipoproteins may indirectly affect platelet [purpose] by altering vascular endothelial cell [purpose] .

Juhan et al ( 1982 ) also studied the effect of glycaemic normalisation by the artificial pancreas on platelet function but employed other techniques .
juhan et al ( 1982 ) also studied the effect of glycaemic normalisation by the artificial pancreas on platelet [purpose] but employed other techniques .

These authors attempted to assess platelet function in citrated whole blood by determining the platelet aggregates formed following electromagnetic agitation for 15 minutes .
these authors attempted to assess platelet [purpose] in citrated whole blood by determining the platelet aggregates formed following electromagnetic agitation for 15 minutes .

Gliclazide is the sulphonylurea that has received most study in terms of possible effects on platelet function .
gliclazide is the sulphonylurea that has received most study in terms of possible effects on platelet [purpose] .

Future developments hopefully will lead to better and more reliable tests of platelet function able to establish the prethrombotic state with more certainty .
future developments hopefully will lead to better and more reliable tests of platelet [purpose] able to establish the prethrombotic state with more certainty .

This would enable prospective studies to be performed to determine the importance of platelet function in the development of vascular disease .
this would enable prospective studies to be performed to determine the importance of platelet [purpose] in the development of vascular disease .

There is no virtue in several injections of insulin if the patient is well controlled on a single injection each day , but this state of affairs is unlikely to be the case in a patient who has had diabetes for a number of years and has little residual β-cell function .
there is no virtue in several injections of insulin if the patient is well controlled on a single injection each day , but this state of affairs is unlikely to be the case in a patient who has had diabetes for a number of years and has little residual β-cell [purpose] .

This method is perhaps more acceptable for those who can not or will not cope with blood testing or who have very stable diabetes because of some residual β-cell function .
this method is perhaps more acceptable for those who can not or will not cope with blood testing or who have very stable diabetes because of some residual β-cell [purpose] .

The amount of the effect can be estimated in shale sections and a corrective function over the total affected interval can be applied ( Fig .
the amount of the effect can be estimated in shale sections and a corrective [purpose] over the total affected interval can be applied ( fig .

Each function requires information to operate , and produces information for others to use .
each [purpose] requires information to operate , and produces information for others to use .

Concentrate on a particular activity or function that uses a variety of information types , but where it is considered that some improvement is needed .
concentrate on a particular activity or [purpose] that uses a variety of information types , but where it is considered that some improvement is needed .

For example , the analysis indicated that information about establishing and maintaining accounts was necessary in support of the finance function .
for example , the analysis indicated that information about establishing and maintaining accounts was necessary in support of the finance [purpose] .

Each activity was assessed in relation to the function that it could form part of , and whether a functional group currently existed that could be responsible for it .
each activity was assessed in relation to the [purpose] that it could form part of , and whether a functional group currently existed that could be responsible for it .

For example , the management information function referred to frequently in the chart did not exist in most Colleges before the study was carried out , but appeared to be essential for effective operation in the future .
for example , the management information [purpose] referred to frequently in the chart did not exist in most colleges before the study was carried out , but appeared to be essential for effective operation in the future .

The function of this instrument is to address information objects and their form and usage .
the [purpose] of this instrument is to address information objects and their form and usage .

The wide diversity of tasks carried out by the Departments made it inappropriate to carry out a detailed examination of each function .
the wide diversity of tasks carried out by the departments made it inappropriate to carry out a detailed examination of each [purpose] .

When evaluating the components of the Weyl tensor , it is convenient to introduce the new function ( 9.11 )
when evaluating the components of the weyl tensor , it is convenient to introduce the new [purpose] ( 9.11 )

Szekeres ( 1972 ) has indicated how to integrate this equation using Riemann 's method , and has given a general solution expressed as a line integral involving a Legendre function of order -½ .
szekeres ( 1972 ) has indicated how to integrate this equation using riemann 's method , and has given a general solution expressed as a line integral involving a legendre [purpose] of order -½ .

In this case the field is described in terms of a complex potential function that is referred to as the Ernst potential ( see Ernst 1968 a ) .
in this case the field is described in terms of a complex potential [purpose] that is referred to as the ernst potential ( see ernst 1968 a ) .

It is also convenient to introduce the complex function .
it is also convenient to introduce the complex [purpose] .

( 11.5 ) With this , the line element ( 11.4 ) can be written in the form ( 11.6 ) and the two main equations ( 6.22d , e ) can be written as the single complex equation ( 11.7 ) It may be seen that this is in fact Ernst 's equation , which can be written in the coordinate-invariant form ( 11.8 ) where is the square of the gradient of an arbitrary scalar field which , in this case , is a function of the two ( null ) coordinates only .
( 11.5 ) with this , the line element ( 11.4 ) can be written in the form ( 11.6 ) and the two main equations ( 6.22d , e ) can be written as the single complex equation ( 11.7 ) it may be seen that this is in fact ernst 's equation , which can be written in the coordinate-invariant form ( 11.8 ) where is the square of the gradient of an arbitrary scalar field which , in this case , is a [purpose] of the two ( null ) coordinates only .

Using this function , the non-zero components of the Weyl tensor ( 11.10 ) can be written as ( 11.1 )
using this [purpose] , the non-zero components of the weyl tensor ( 11.10 ) can be written as ( 11.1 )

Thus the form ( 13.2 ) is obtained uniquely from the Ernst function ( 13.3 ) .
thus the form ( 13.2 ) is obtained uniquely from the ernst [purpose] ( 13.3 ) .

Chandrasekhar and Ferrari ( 1984 ) have shown that the associated Ernst function which is contained in the Nutku-Halil solution can be written as ( 13.3 ) , where .
chandrasekhar and ferrari ( 1984 ) have shown that the associated ernst [purpose] which is contained in the nutku-halil solution can be written as ( 13.3 ) , where .

However , as described in Section 12.4 , Chandrasekhar and Ferrari have also shown that , for the colliding plane wave situation , the Ernst function may be regarded either ( a ) as containing the metric functions , or ( b ) as a potential for those functions .
however , as described in section 12.4 , chandrasekhar and ferrari have also shown that , for the colliding plane wave situation , the ernst [purpose] may be regarded either ( a ) as containing the metric functions , or ( b ) as a potential for those functions .

When the Ernst function ( 13.3 ) is considered as containing the metric functions , it leads to the Nutku-Halil solution described above .
when the ernst [purpose] ( 13.3 ) is considered as containing the metric functions , it leads to the nutku-halil solution described above .

However , when the same function is considered as a potential , it then leads to the Kerr solution .
however , when the same [purpose] is considered as a potential , it then leads to the kerr solution .

According to ( 12.36 ) , the first metric function is then given by ( 13.11 ) and , from ( 12.34 ) , w is given by ( 13.12 ) where ( 13.13 ) With this , ( 13.12 ) becomes ( 13 .
according to ( 12.36 ) , the first metric [purpose] is then given by ( 13.11 ) and , from ( 12.34 ) , w is given by ( 13.12 ) where ( 13.13 ) with this , ( 13.12 ) becomes ( 13 .

Ernst , García-Díaz and Hauser ( 1987 a ) have shown that an Ehlers transformation ( 12.13 ) applied to the Ernst function of the Nutku-Halil solution ( 13.3 ) , together with a simple coordinate transformation , yields a non-colinear generalization of the Ferrari Ibañez soliton solution that was described in Section 10.4 but only with even integer values of the parameter α .
ernst , garcía-díaz and hauser ( 1987 a ) have shown that an ehlers transformation ( 12.13 ) applied to the ernst [purpose] of the nutku-halil solution ( 13.3 ) , together with a simple coordinate transformation , yields a non-colinear generalization of the ferrari ibañez soliton solution that was described in section 10.4 but only with even integer values of the parameter α .

Transforming ( 13.37 ) using the Neugebauer Kramer involution produces another three-parameter family of solutions with the alternative Ernst function given by ( 13.38 ) With , this reduces to the Chandrasekhar-Xanthopoulos solution .
transforming ( 13.37 ) using the neugebauer kramer involution produces another three-parameter family of solutions with the alternative ernst [purpose] given by ( 13.38 ) with , this reduces to the chandrasekhar-xanthopoulos solution .

However , it is possible that the rationing function of waiting lists will simply be moved to an earlier stage in the treatment cycle .
however , it is possible that the rationing [purpose] of waiting lists will simply be moved to an earlier stage in the treatment cycle .

The White Paper and the finance function
the white paper and the finance [purpose]

Like many other aspects of the National Health Service , the finance function has changed , and is continuing to change over time .
like many other aspects of the national health service , the finance [purpose] has changed , and is continuing to change over time .

This chapter aims to assess the Working for patients White Paper in the light of the changing nature of the finance function .
this chapter aims to assess the working for patients white paper in the light of the changing nature of the finance [purpose] .

It will consider , first of all , the state of the finance function as it stood at the end of 1988 , and assess what changes had recently taken place , what were in progress and what further developments could logically have been anticipated .
it will consider , first of all , the state of the finance [purpose] as it stood at the end of 1988 , and assess what changes had recently taken place , what were in progress and what further developments could logically have been anticipated .

We will examine its financial aims and objectives , how they impact on the finance function , some of the problems of implementation , and whether they are consistent with the changes already in hand .
we will examine its financial aims and objectives , how they impact on the finance [purpose] , some of the problems of implementation , and whether they are consistent with the changes already in hand .

The developing finance function before Working for patients
the developing finance [purpose] before working for patients

Amongst the specific changes which will impact on the finance function are :
amongst the specific changes which will impact on the finance [purpose] are :

The changes of the 1990s pose an urgent challenge for the whole personnel function in planning for recruitment and retention , pay flexibility and increased employee expectations , but it is for management development specialists , within the wider personnel function , constantly to remind task-driven managers of Metzger 's words , quoted by Glascott , ‘ people breathe life into programmes ’ ( Glascott , 1990 ) .
the changes of the 1990s pose an urgent challenge for the whole personnel [purpose] in planning for recruitment and retention , pay flexibility and increased employee expectations , but it is for management development specialists , within the wider personnel [purpose] , constantly to remind task-driven managers of metzger 's words , quoted by glascott , ‘ people breathe life into programmes ’ ( glascott , 1990 ) .

The speaking-tube eventually evolved into a narrow horn , serving the same function — not allowing any sound to escape ( 8 ) .
the speaking-tube eventually evolved into a narrow horn , serving the same [purpose] — not allowing any sound to escape ( 8 ) .

In later years , paper labels served another function : they acted like gaskets , preventing molten material from getting into the mechanism for punching the centre hole .
in later years , paper labels served another [purpose] : they acted like gaskets , preventing molten material from getting into the mechanism for punching the centre hole .

It is in putting forward new ideas , derived from theoretical bases , that the hypothesis has its function .
it is in putting forward new ideas , derived from theoretical bases , that the hypothesis has its [purpose] .

One useful function of hypotheses is that they help to indicate what data are needed for their testing .
one useful [purpose] of hypotheses is that they help to indicate what data are needed for their testing .

This means that the interview schedule itself has the function of a standardizing instrument .
this means that the interview schedule itself has the [purpose] of a standardizing instrument .

Breathing is not a function that is detached from your emotional and mental states — just the opposite , in fact , the way you breathe reflects the state you are in .
breathing is not a [purpose] that is detached from your emotional and mental states — just the opposite , in fact , the way you breathe reflects the state you are in .

These help the functions of our organs aiding elimination , digestion and invigorating internal function .
these help the functions of our organs aiding elimination , digestion and invigorating internal [purpose] .

Beginning and ending with formal parades , it displayed all the paradoxes of an occupation whose function was simultaneously to be both the controllers and the controlled .
beginning and ending with formal parades , it displayed all the paradoxes of an occupation whose [purpose] was simultaneously to be both the controllers and the controlled .

The line-up , like the singular march to the beat , also had the symbolic function of dramatizing the ordered hierarchy , the disciplined Panopticon structure , of the police organization .
the line-up , like the singular march to the beat , also had the symbolic [purpose] of dramatizing the ordered hierarchy , the disciplined panopticon structure , of the police organization .

Social control of the streets , not crime control , was the major historically derived police function when these officers were recruited through the Everton Police Training School .
social control of the streets , not crime control , was the major historically derived police [purpose] when these officers were recruited through the everton police training school .

Moving on was a prophylactic , a social cleansing function , keeping one 's beat clean .
moving on was a prophylactic , a social cleansing [purpose] , keeping one 's beat clean .

Function keys
[purpose] keys

Cursor movement ( or direction ) keys are located in the number pad at the right of the keyboard ( or in a cluster of direction keys to the left of the number pad ) and in the function key pad ( see page 6 ) .
cursor movement ( or direction ) keys are located in the number pad at the right of the keyboard ( or in a cluster of direction keys to the left of the number pad ) and in the [purpose] key pad ( see page 6 ) .

The monitoring function helps us in making decisions by comparing past situations to the current situation .
the monitoring [purpose] helps us in making decisions by comparing past situations to the current situation .

They had two children , the son , a motor engineer was forever trying to get old motorbikes to function , his greasy overalls being quite out of tune with the cleanliness of mother 's shop .
they had two children , the son , a motor engineer was forever trying to get old motorbikes to [purpose] , his greasy overalls being quite out of tune with the cleanliness of mother 's shop .

Some of the function keys on a manual till include :
some of the [purpose] keys on a manual till include :

Many of the predators mentioned in the previous section function equally well as scavengers ( Hewson , 1981 ) , and the modifications they produce are the same as if they had been the primary predators .
many of the predators mentioned in the previous section [purpose] equally well as scavengers ( hewson , 1981 ) , and the modifications they produce are the same as if they had been the primary predators .

Since the main function of bone collecting by porcupines seems to keep their incisors in good condition rather than as food , it does not seem likely that small mammal bone could serve any useful purpose from the porcupine 's point of view .
since the main [purpose] of bone collecting by porcupines seems to keep their incisors in good condition rather than as food , it does not seem likely that small mammal bone could serve any useful purpose from the porcupine 's point of view .

Prey availability is a direct function of the size of the hunting territory of the predator .
prey availability is a direct [purpose] of the size of the hunting territory of the predator .

To uncouple , the tug drew away and the leg was so balanced that it dropped to earth by gravity : if this leg was , through any reason tight , and it failed to function , the trailer fell to the ground , and so cast its load .
to uncouple , the tug drew away and the leg was so balanced that it dropped to earth by gravity : if this leg was , through any reason tight , and it failed to [purpose] , the trailer fell to the ground , and so cast its load .

Its main function was teaching , through evening classes .
its main [purpose] was teaching , through evening classes .

The Old Bradwell School continued to function as an Infants School until the early 1950s .
the old bradwell school continued to [purpose] as an infants school until the early 1950s .

There was also a mobile canteen , whose function was to supply urns of tea and light snacks , rolls , etc , at snap time , a snap or tea break being allowed by the same wartime act .
there was also a mobile canteen , whose [purpose] was to supply urns of tea and light snacks , rolls , etc , at snap time , a snap or tea break being allowed by the same wartime act .

Belfast Castle , with its panoramic views over the city and Belfast Lough , has undergone major refurbishment and will become a busy conference and function centre .
belfast castle , with its panoramic views over the city and belfast lough , has undergone major refurbishment and will become a busy conference and [purpose] centre .

In 1906 the College became a school of the University of London , with recognised teachers and could prepare candidates for the university 's BSc ( Veterinary Science ) degree as well as carrying out its basic function of training candidates for the diploma of membership of the Royal College of Veterinary Surgeons .
in 1906 the college became a school of the university of london , with recognised teachers and could prepare candidates for the university 's bsc ( veterinary science ) degree as well as carrying out its basic [purpose] of training candidates for the diploma of membership of the royal college of veterinary surgeons .

Secondly , Coleman may have been one of the numerous band of teachers , at present out of fashion , who put their main energies into what after all may be considered the prime function of a teaching institution — teaching .
secondly , coleman may have been one of the numerous band of teachers , at present out of fashion , who put their main energies into what after all may be considered the prime [purpose] of a teaching institution — teaching .

His thoughts often centred on the foot of the horse , and he wasted no time in his introductory lecture before remarking on the correlation of structure and function that was exhibited by the frog of the foot .
his thoughts often centred on the foot of the horse , and he wasted no time in his introductory lecture before remarking on the correlation of structure and [purpose] that was exhibited by the frog of the foot .

One was that education had an increasingly vocational function especially at post-elementary level and the other was a vague notion that ‘ education is a good thing and therefore ought to be supported ’ .
one was that education had an increasingly vocational [purpose] especially at post-elementary level and the other was a vague notion that ‘ education is a good thing and therefore ought to be supported ’ .

Quite independent of the way higher education may be funded , there is a need for higher education institutions to rethink their role and function just as much as it behoves industry , commerce and the public services .
quite independent of the way higher education may be funded , there is a need for higher education institutions to rethink their role and [purpose] just as much as it behoves industry , commerce and the public services .

Furthermore , where an Act of parliament imposes a statutory duty on the defendant(s) to perform some necessary function , such as the provision of electricity or gas and public sewers , if in carrying out this statutory duty a nuisance arises by way of odours , for example , then in the absence of negligence the nuisance must be borne by the neighbours , however injurious to them or their property .
furthermore , where an act of parliament imposes a statutory duty on the defendant(s) to perform some necessary [purpose] , such as the provision of electricity or gas and public sewers , if in carrying out this statutory duty a nuisance arises by way of odours , for example , then in the absence of negligence the nuisance must be borne by the neighbours , however injurious to them or their property .

Table 1 Occurrence of ‘ both ’ in plural references as a function of condition
table 1 occurrence of ‘ both ’ in plural references as a [purpose] of condition

Again , function , not process , is the major method of specifying the local state .
again , [purpose] , not process , is the major method of specifying the local state .

In the words of the council leader , the new department was set up to ‘ act in a political manner ’ with a function of ‘ political mobilization ’ and , according to its first co-ordinator , ‘ part of the challenge for us in the local authority is to try to reintroduce some political perspective ’ ( quoted in Duncan and Goodwin , 1988 , p. 85 ) .
in the words of the council leader , the new department was set up to ‘ act in a political manner ’ with a [purpose] of ‘ political mobilization ’ and , according to its first co-ordinator , ‘ part of the challenge for us in the local authority is to try to reintroduce some political perspective ’ ( quoted in duncan and goodwin , 1988 , p. 85 ) .

The decision about which other teachers to select for appointment also rests with the governing body , but this function may be delegated to one or more governors , the headteacher , or one or more governors and the headteacher acting together .
the decision about which other teachers to select for appointment also rests with the governing body , but this [purpose] may be delegated to one or more governors , the headteacher , or one or more governors and the headteacher acting together .

Competition within the single market should be free and fair , regulations and standards should , where necessary , be approximated to enable the single market to function efficiently and effectively in practical as well as legal terms .
competition within the single market should be free and fair , regulations and standards should , where necessary , be approximated to enable the single market to [purpose] efficiently and effectively in practical as well as legal terms .

We need nutrients for energy , cell growth , organ function , and efficient food utilisation .
we need nutrients for energy , cell growth , organ [purpose] , and efficient food utilisation .

In order to grow and function effectively , fat is needed by the brain , muscles , heart , hair , skin , immune system , and cell walls , etc .
in order to grow and [purpose] effectively , fat is needed by the brain , muscles , heart , hair , skin , immune system , and cell walls , etc .

Carbohydrates are compounds of carbon , hydrogen and oxygen and their function is to provide energy .
carbohydrates are compounds of carbon , hydrogen and oxygen and their [purpose] is to provide energy .

Aircraft maintenance function would be considered today as having five generations of development , as follows ( see Fig. 5 ) :
aircraft maintenance [purpose] would be considered today as having five generations of development , as follows ( see fig. 5 ) :

There exists a particularly strong relationship with aircraft operations which frequently impacts upon the maintenance function .
there exists a particularly strong relationship with aircraft operations which frequently impacts upon the maintenance [purpose] .

With that speech , he laid the foundation for the Legion of Decency which came into being a year later with the main function of rating films according to moral classifications .
with that speech , he laid the foundation for the legion of decency which came into being a year later with the main [purpose] of rating films according to moral classifications .

The reason for this is that sperm production takes place at a temperature a couple of degrees lower than body temperature , so the process has to take place outside the body to function properly .
the reason for this is that sperm production takes place at a temperature a couple of degrees lower than body temperature , so the process has to take place outside the body to [purpose] properly .

At night the floodlit buildings offer an unrivalled setting for all types of function .
at night the floodlit buildings offer an unrivalled setting for all types of [purpose] .

Protecting retailers , banks , building societies and other lenders from exploitation by a heady few set on having a spree was the function of Credit Reference Agencies .
protecting retailers , banks , building societies and other lenders from exploitation by a heady few set on having a spree was the [purpose] of credit reference agencies .

To do this , quantum mechanics describes each particle by means of a ‘ wave function ’ , rather than by well-defined dynamical variables such as position , momentum , angular momentum , and so on .
to do this , quantum mechanics describes each particle by means of a ‘ wave [purpose] ’ , rather than by well-defined dynamical variables such as position , momentum , angular momentum , and so on .

The wave function contains all the information about the possible values of the dynamical variables and allows these variables to be calculated in a statistical way ; it gives only probabilities that the variables will have certain values .
the wave [purpose] contains all the information about the possible values of the dynamical variables and allows these variables to be calculated in a statistical way ; it gives only probabilities that the variables will have certain values .

Imagine two particles produced in a suitable composite state that can be described by a single wave function of their respective possible positions .
imagine two particles produced in a suitable composite state that can be described by a single wave [purpose] of their respective possible positions .

Suppose further that this particular wave function can not be written as a simple product of two single-particle wave functions , one for each particle .
suppose further that this particular wave [purpose] can not be written as a simple product of two single-particle wave functions , one for each particle .

Then allow the particles to move apart in such a way that the combined wave function does not change even though the distance between the particles may be so great that there is no longer any possibility of mutual interaction : in principle this could be many kilometres .
then allow the particles to move apart in such a way that the combined wave [purpose] does not change even though the distance between the particles may be so great that there is no longer any possibility of mutual interaction : in principle this could be many kilometres .

The difficulty in finding unambiguous answers to these questions rests on how we are to interpret the relation between the wave function and the individual particle it describes .
the difficulty in finding unambiguous answers to these questions rests on how we are to interpret the relation between the wave [purpose] and the individual particle it describes .

In general the wave function appears in the form of a packet with a macroscopic extension in space .
in general the wave [purpose] appears in the form of a packet with a macroscopic extension in space .

Its function can be best visualised as a form of rationing which , in lean seasons , determines priorities at which various tissues can draw glucose from the plasma .
its [purpose] can be best visualised as a form of rationing which , in lean seasons , determines priorities at which various tissues can draw glucose from the plasma .

Its function is ‘ to undertake research on the economic aspects of medical care ’ , and to ‘ investigate other health arid social problems ’ , and to ‘ collect data from other countries ’ , and to publish the results of these wholly commendable activities .
its [purpose] is ‘ to undertake research on the economic aspects of medical care ’ , and to ‘ investigate other health arid social problems ’ , and to ‘ collect data from other countries ’ , and to publish the results of these wholly commendable activities .

Parts 1 and 2 examine cellular structure and function to cover material usually taught in first year cell biology courses , while Part 3 , on the behaviour of cells in multicellular animals and plants , is valuable for more advanced students .
parts 1 and 2 examine cellular structure and [purpose] to cover material usually taught in first year cell biology courses , while part 3 , on the behaviour of cells in multicellular animals and plants , is valuable for more advanced students .

The event tree shows each system diagrammatically , with an upper branch representing success and the lower branch failure of the system to fulfil its function .
the event tree shows each system diagrammatically , with an upper branch representing success and the lower branch failure of the system to fulfil its [purpose] .

Animals with good elastic properties , however , behave almost as predictably as a coiled spring whose characteristics are a function of its dimensions .
animals with good elastic properties , however , behave almost as predictably as a coiled spring whose characteristics are a [purpose] of its dimensions .

So there is an a priori justification for the shell 's shape as well as a natural way for the shape to be created — its structure and its function are consistent .
so there is an a priori justification for the shell 's shape as well as a natural way for the shape to be created — its structure and its [purpose] are consistent .

This level is close to those reported to result in impaired kidney function .
this level is close to those reported to result in impaired kidney [purpose] .

It is difficult to reconcile such findings with Ornstein 's claim that intuitive non-logical thinking is a function of the right hemisphere .
it is difficult to reconcile such findings with ornstein 's claim that intuitive non-logical thinking is a [purpose] of the right hemisphere .

An answer to that question might give clues to the broader question of the function of sleep .
an answer to that question might give clues to the broader question of the [purpose] of sleep .

The latter affects the energies because the atomic electrons can actually penetrate into the nucleus , or , in the jargon of quantum mechanics , the wave function describing the position of the nucleus overlaps with that of the electrons .
the latter affects the energies because the atomic electrons can actually penetrate into the nucleus , or , in the jargon of quantum mechanics , the wave [purpose] describing the position of the nucleus overlaps with that of the electrons .

The hormone is known to affect reproduction and gonadal function , and to have an influence on the growth of tumours .
the hormone is known to affect reproduction and gonadal [purpose] , and to have an influence on the growth of tumours .

Other experiments involve the respiratory system , the nervous system , renal physiology and diuretics , digestion and liver function , and the pharmacology of the uterus .
other experiments involve the respiratory system , the nervous system , renal physiology and diuretics , digestion and liver [purpose] , and the pharmacology of the uterus .

For instance , there 's a 19th century telegraph relay station , where human operators function like modern amplifiers — they receive a weak signal and tap it out again for the next leg of the journey .
for instance , there 's a 19th century telegraph relay station , where human operators [purpose] like modern amplifiers — they receive a weak signal and tap it out again for the next leg of the journey .

Loss of the nuptial pads is usually assumed to be a consequence of mating on land because , in other frogs and toads , their function appears to be to help the male to grip onto the female 's slippery back while mating in water .
loss of the nuptial pads is usually assumed to be a consequence of mating on land because , in other frogs and toads , their [purpose] appears to be to help the male to grip onto the female 's slippery back while mating in water .

He called such hilltops ‘ initial points ’ and found that holy wells sometimes fulfilled this function too .
he called such hilltops ‘ initial points ’ and found that holy wells sometimes fulfilled this [purpose] too .

Today the express coach has much the same sort of function In the first years of the century the number of interurbans grew rapidly .
today the express coach has much the same sort of [purpose] in the first years of the century the number of interurbans grew rapidly .

Is this ‘ lateralisation of function ’ present in early life ?
is this ‘ lateralisation of [purpose] ’ present in early life ?

But had the minister read the introduction to that paper he would have found the following : ‘ The metabolism and excretion of compounds with a prolonged half-life , however , may be slower in old age as a result of impaired renal function commonly seen in this age group .
but had the minister read the introduction to that paper he would have found the following : ‘ the metabolism and excretion of compounds with a prolonged half-life , however , may be slower in old age as a result of impaired renal [purpose] commonly seen in this age group .

As he becomes the champion of efficiency , his prose ceases to function in its old complex imaginative way .
as he becomes the champion of efficiency , his prose ceases to [purpose] in its old complex imaginative way .

The owners ' research problem was to get a light that would function in the methane-rich atmosphere of the ‘ crept ’ workings .
the owners ' research problem was to get a light that would [purpose] in the methane-rich atmosphere of the ‘ crept ’ workings .

The receptors are probably glycoproteins ( proteins with regions of carbohydrate attached ) which perform some important function in the normal activity of the cell .
the receptors are probably glycoproteins ( proteins with regions of carbohydrate attached ) which perform some important [purpose] in the normal activity of the cell .

Furthermore , the equilibrium allocation often reduces to the so-called Shaw-Mohler form , that selection favours mutants which alter life histories so that the per cent gain in fitness through one sex function exceeds the per cent loss through the other sex function .
furthermore , the equilibrium allocation often reduces to the so-called shaw-mohler form , that selection favours mutants which alter life histories so that the per cent gain in fitness through one sex [purpose] exceeds the per cent loss through the other sex [purpose] .

Within this framework , Charnov deals with sex ratios in dioecious species ( those having separate sexes ) , with the order and timing of sex change in sequential hermaphrodites , with the equilibrium allocation of resources for simultaneous hermaphrodites , with conditions favouring the transition between dioecy and hermaphroditism , and with the selective forces likely to alter the allocation to male versus female function ( such as local mate and local resource competition ) .
within this framework , charnov deals with sex ratios in dioecious species ( those having separate sexes ) , with the order and timing of sex change in sequential hermaphrodites , with the equilibrium allocation of resources for simultaneous hermaphrodites , with conditions favouring the transition between dioecy and hermaphroditism , and with the selective forces likely to alter the allocation to male versus female [purpose] ( such as local mate and local resource competition ) .

The jaw action is scissor-like and both tooth and jaw bone can perform the cutting function .
the jaw action is scissor-like and both tooth and jaw bone can perform the cutting [purpose] .

In the China of Mao and Chou En-lai , everyone , even the old , had to have a function if not a job .
in the china of mao and chou en-lai , everyone , even the old , had to have a [purpose] if not a job .

Tonics have special uses for which no other remedies are effective , namely , the restoration of function in convalescent , chronically-tired and old people .
tonics have special uses for which no other remedies are effective , namely , the restoration of [purpose] in convalescent , chronically-tired and old people .

In any event an engineer must know his science and particularly the limitations on that knowledge but in general his scientific literacy does not help him either to design a product or to write a computer program to control the product 's function .
in any event an engineer must know his science and particularly the limitations on that knowledge but in general his scientific literacy does not help him either to design a product or to write a computer program to control the product 's [purpose] .

Pus may not form , and so the only signs may be the red , hot and painful mass which , combined with loss of function , defines ‘ inflammation ’ in any part of the body .
pus may not form , and so the only signs may be the red , hot and painful mass which , combined with loss of [purpose] , defines ‘ inflammation ’ in any part of the body .

Perhaps this is a clue to their function .
perhaps this is a clue to their [purpose] .

Human beings generally consider life to function best when that ratio of male to female is relatively even .
human beings generally consider life to [purpose] best when that ratio of male to female is relatively even .

To understand the function of bird-song does not make it any less enchanting .
to understand the [purpose] of bird-song does not make it any less enchanting .

Everyone knows that the zebra has bold black and white stripes , but why does it have them ? What function do they serve and how do they help the zebra to survive ? And what can we learn by a little careful zebra-watching ?
everyone knows that the zebra has bold black and white stripes , but why does it have them ? what [purpose] do they serve and how do they help the zebra to survive ? and what can we learn by a little careful zebra-watching ?

Some other function must be sought .
some other [purpose] must be sought .

For if species identification was the function of the stripes they would have diverged much more in the three cases .
for if species identification was the [purpose] of the stripes they would have diverged much more in the three cases .

The primary function of snake venom is , of course , to quieten prey before swallowing them .
the primary [purpose] of snake venom is , of course , to quieten prey before swallowing them .

These do not function as deflection devices but as startle displays .
these do not [purpose] as deflection devices but as startle displays .

In reality they will do everything in their power to avoid this , because the primary function of their venom is to incapacitate their prey and they can not afford to waste it unless they are driven to extremes .
in reality they will do everything in their power to avoid this , because the primary [purpose] of their venom is to incapacitate their prey and they can not afford to waste it unless they are driven to extremes .

There is another function of playing dead that has been depicted for centuries but which , until recently , was thought to be no more than a fictitious folk-tale .
there is another [purpose] of playing dead that has been depicted for centuries but which , until recently , was thought to be no more than a fictitious folk-tale .

But intimidation is not the function of distraction displays .
but intimidation is not the [purpose] of distraction displays .

And this , of course , is the function of the combined display onslaught .
and this , of course , is the [purpose] of the combined display onslaught .

But where the political and social values of a country redefine the function of a school , as they have done in Tanzania , or , as with the growth of universal primary education , it becomes more obvious that the school is not mainly an escape route out of the village and on to secondary and higher education , so the separateness may become less pronounced and the desire for integration more genuine .
but where the political and social values of a country redefine the [purpose] of a school , as they have done in tanzania , or , as with the growth of universal primary education , it becomes more obvious that the school is not mainly an escape route out of the village and on to secondary and higher education , so the separateness may become less pronounced and the desire for integration more genuine .

It seems odd , in retrospect , to see governments delegating so passively their most important educational function , but there were two main reasons for it at the time .
it seems odd , in retrospect , to see governments delegating so passively their most important educational [purpose] , but there were two main reasons for it at the time .

Greater efforts are now made towards identifying the purpose and function of language ; to answer key questions such as ‘ what does the primary school leaver need English for ? ’ , ‘ what kind of skills does the learner need to develop in his mother tongue , at what stage , with what purpose ? ’ ( Nigeria )
greater efforts are now made towards identifying the purpose and [purpose] of language ; to answer key questions such as ‘ what does the primary school leaver need english for ? ’ , ‘ what kind of skills does the learner need to develop in his mother tongue , at what stage , with what purpose ? ’ ( nigeria )

It would appear that the only Shetlanders who have reason to go into the estates at all , other than a small number of professional Shetlanders who have incomer friends who live there , are young Shetlander girls who are willing to babysit when most of the women in a social circle are attending the same function , or Shetlanders supplying some domestic service to individual households on the estates .
it would appear that the only shetlanders who have reason to go into the estates at all , other than a small number of professional shetlanders who have incomer friends who live there , are young shetlander girls who are willing to babysit when most of the women in a social circle are attending the same [purpose] , or shetlanders supplying some domestic service to individual households on the estates .

The Council 's newly formed Planning Department , staffed by relative newcomers to public administration , was extremely zealous in the application of the regulations in their strictest sense as a means of establishing both the importance of the planning function and the place of the department within the hierarchy of the Kirkwall administration .
the council 's newly formed planning department , staffed by relative newcomers to public administration , was extremely zealous in the application of the regulations in their strictest sense as a means of establishing both the importance of the planning [purpose] and the place of the department within the hierarchy of the kirkwall administration .

But what one now sees belongs chiefly to the centuries of this book , the great church to the tenth and eleventh centuries , the atrium before it — though in form and function preserving the great courtyard of an early Christian basilica , where clergy and laity met before processing into the church for solemn eucharist — is of the early twelfth .
but what one now sees belongs chiefly to the centuries of this book , the great church to the tenth and eleventh centuries , the atrium before it — though in form and [purpose] preserving the great courtyard of an early christian basilica , where clergy and laity met before processing into the church for solemn eucharist — is of the early twelfth .

The Normans valued the defensive function no less than the English , but feared it might be turned against them .
the normans valued the defensive [purpose] no less than the english , but feared it might be turned against them .

The judicial institutions of Europe were governed by a series of contradictions , Jurisdiction and administration were regarded as essentially one process , and the court in which they were carried out was the central institution of any monarchy or principality : the maintenance of justice and law was in many people 's eyes the king 's supreme function .
the judicial institutions of europe were governed by a series of contradictions , jurisdiction and administration were regarded as essentially one process , and the court in which they were carried out was the central institution of any monarchy or principality : the maintenance of justice and law was in many people 's eyes the king 's supreme [purpose] .

By the late twelfth century , even in England , the function of the suitors had been reduced to this : a committee of them provided information to royal justices in a court which had become effectively or actually an offshoot of the king 's court .
by the late twelfth century , even in england , the [purpose] of the suitors had been reduced to this : a committee of them provided information to royal justices in a court which had become effectively or actually an offshoot of the king 's court .

But the chief function of the feudal court was the regulation of disputes about land .
but the chief [purpose] of the feudal court was the regulation of disputes about land .

Thus in Edward 's time St Martin-le-Grand in London was founded by Ingelric , apparently a chaplain of the Confessor 's of German origin , which in fact performed this function , and was almost certainly intended to .
thus in edward 's time st martin-le-grand in london was founded by ingelric , apparently a chaplain of the confessor 's of german origin , which in fact performed this [purpose] , and was almost certainly intended to .

This gave their office a quasi-priestly function .
this gave their office a quasi-priestly [purpose] .

In practice , most men thought that each had his own place and function ; and though the boundary lines were very variously drawn , most men assumed that it was the duty of regnum and sacerdotium to co-operate in doing Christ 's work .
in practice , most men thought that each had his own place and [purpose] ; and though the boundary lines were very variously drawn , most men assumed that it was the duty of regnum and sacerdotium to co-operate in doing christ 's work .

Humour has a similar function as any copy of The Dandy or The Beano will demonstrate .
humour has a similar [purpose] as any copy of the dandy or the beano will demonstrate .

Attempting to predict the changes likely to take place in practices and in the world at large and their consequences for Institutional education policy , has been a function of the educational committees of the Institution and the centres of full-time education , all of whom have been addressing the question since early 1985 .
attempting to predict the changes likely to take place in practices and in the world at large and their consequences for institutional education policy , has been a [purpose] of the educational committees of the institution and the centres of full-time education , all of whom have been addressing the question since early 1985 .

Business plans can be as simple or as complicated as the designer wishes , but their prime function is to set well-defined goals and to identify the resources in terms of time , finance , accommodation , equipment , personnel and training that will be required to meet the objectives .
business plans can be as simple or as complicated as the designer wishes , but their prime [purpose] is to set well-defined goals and to identify the resources in terms of time , finance , accommodation , equipment , personnel and training that will be required to meet the objectives .

No matter how good the firm 's organisation it can not compensate for low-grade staff ; the selection and training of personnel is therefore an essential part of the surveyor 's management function .
no matter how good the firm 's organisation it can not compensate for low-grade staff ; the selection and training of personnel is therefore an essential part of the surveyor 's management [purpose] .

Administration , like finance , is a ‘ down line ’ function of good management ; it should not dominate the practice ; the entrepreneurial spirit of many professionals should not be quelled by an overemphasis on financial or administrative management .
administration , like finance , is a ‘ down line ’ [purpose] of good management ; it should not dominate the practice ; the entrepreneurial spirit of many professionals should not be quelled by an overemphasis on financial or administrative management .

Although not designed as ‘ brain storming ’ sessions , progress review meetings may have to serve this function if a job is behind programme and rescheduling is required to get back on target .
although not designed as ‘ brain storming ’ sessions , progress review meetings may have to serve this [purpose] if a job is behind programme and rescheduling is required to get back on target .

Finally the Order gives permission to a number of statutory and other undertakings to carry out various types of development related to their own function .
finally the order gives permission to a number of statutory and other undertakings to carry out various types of development related to their own [purpose] .

Rather like small urban AONBs except that they are designated by the local planning authority as part of their planning function .
rather like small urban aonbs except that they are designated by the local planning authority as part of their planning [purpose] .

If we study the annual function of social capital — hence of the total capital of which the individual capital forms only fractional parts , whose movement is their individual movement and simultaneously integrating link in the movement of the total capital — and its results , i.e .
if we study the annual [purpose] of social capital — hence of the total capital of which the individual capital forms only fractional parts , whose movement is their individual movement and simultaneously integrating link in the movement of the total capital — and its results , i.e .

That is to say that savings are a function of the rate of profit and unproductive consumption .
that is to say that savings are a [purpose] of the rate of profit and unproductive consumption .

Consequently , the starting point for the restoration of the equilibrium must be its disruption , the function of which in the present case is to restore the balance , but at the same time on an even more deeply contradictory basis .
consequently , the starting point for the restoration of the equilibrium must be its disruption , the [purpose] of which in the present case is to restore the balance , but at the same time on an even more deeply contradictory basis .

The development process of the law of value into the law of labour expenditure finds its expression in the fact that by way of a plan , ‘ prices ’ in their semi-fictitious function ( i.e. no longer as prices determined by the ‘ barometric fluctuations of the market ’ ) consciously turn out differently from how they would spontaneously .
the development process of the law of value into the law of labour expenditure finds its expression in the fact that by way of a plan , ‘ prices ’ in their semi-fictitious [purpose] ( i.e. no longer as prices determined by the ‘ barometric fluctuations of the market ’ ) consciously turn out differently from how they would spontaneously .

The cat 's ability to pause is instinctual — in other words , it is an automatic function of the subconscious brain .
the cat 's ability to pause is instinctual — in other words , it is an automatic [purpose] of the subconscious brain .

This is essential if the head is to be free in relation to the rest of the body , so that the Primary Control can perform its natural function .
this is essential if the head is to be free in relation to the rest of the body , so that the primary control can perform its natural [purpose] .

The voluntary muscles are nearly always attached to the bones of the skeleton and their function is to move parts of the body when we so wish .
the voluntary muscles are nearly always attached to the bones of the skeleton and their [purpose] is to move parts of the body when we so wish .

These muscles have the function of keeping us upright against the ever-present force of gravity ; they have the advantage of never tiring as they need to work for long periods at a time .
these muscles have the [purpose] of keeping us upright against the ever-present force of gravity ; they have the advantage of never tiring as they need to work for long periods at a time .

In the past most of us have been unaware of these signs and that is why our body ceases to function normally .
in the past most of us have been unaware of these signs and that is why our body ceases to [purpose] normally .

At present , there are about 2,000 boys spread through approximately 20 groups in the city , but ten of those groups have insufficient equipment to function properly .
at present , there are about 2,000 boys spread through approximately 20 groups in the city , but ten of those groups have insufficient equipment to [purpose] properly .

Man , of course , is fascinated with himself and how he perceives and does things , and many interesting experiments have been designed to test out how our perceptual and motor responses function .
man , of course , is fascinated with himself and how he perceives and does things , and many interesting experiments have been designed to test out how our perceptual and motor responses [purpose] .

Their sensory perception as well as their motor responses — their behaviour — are thus totally consonant with their bodily form and function .
their sensory perception as well as their motor responses — their behaviour — are thus totally consonant with their bodily form and [purpose] .

We may not possess the same mind structure , the same subtle energy anatomy and function , but enough similarities are present for some sort of meaning to be conveyed .
we may not possess the same mind structure , the same subtle energy anatomy and [purpose] , but enough similarities are present for some sort of meaning to be conveyed .

This all implies a degree of creative intelligence and mind function which we largely overlook .
this all implies a degree of creative intelligence and mind [purpose] which we largely overlook .

This is the outer area of the brain usually associated with the elaboration and co-ordination of sensory and motor function at the physical level and reflecting the content and structure of the more subtle sensory and motor indriyas within the mind of the creature .
this is the outer area of the brain usually associated with the elaboration and co-ordination of sensory and motor [purpose] at the physical level and reflecting the content and structure of the more subtle sensory and motor indriyas within the mind of the creature .

And just as modern science has no answer to the riddles of human brain and mind function , so too is there no satisfactory answer to the way in which a creature 's brain , body and instinct are put together .
and just as modern science has no answer to the riddles of human brain and mind [purpose] , so too is there no satisfactory answer to the way in which a creature 's brain , body and instinct are put together .

But the materialistic view has no idea as to how this dynamic complexity in form and function comes into being and is maintained .
but the materialistic view has no idea as to how this dynamic complexity in form and [purpose] comes into being and is maintained .

They appear , like miniature miracles , in any pool of water , however transient it may be , complete with wheels or crowns of cilia , minute beating hairs which function equally well for both finding food and for locomotion .
they appear , like miniature miracles , in any pool of water , however transient it may be , complete with wheels or crowns of cilia , minute beating hairs which [purpose] equally well for both finding food and for locomotion .

So if species have a capacity for adaptation to small-scale environmental change built in , could there not be other potential changes hidden within the mosaic of form and function , both subtle and dense , we call a species ? Changes which may not manifest even for millennia , until circumstances warrant it ?
so if species have a capacity for adaptation to small-scale environmental change built in , could there not be other potential changes hidden within the mosaic of form and [purpose] , both subtle and dense , we call a species ? changes which may not manifest even for millennia , until circumstances warrant it ?

Underlying the practice of feng shui is a recognition of the function of the energy which the Chinese call ‘ ch ' i ’ , or ‘ the breath of nature ’ , in the health and well-being of a person , and it is the fundamental principle underlying the ancient practice of acupuncture .
underlying the practice of feng shui is a recognition of the [purpose] of the energy which the chinese call ‘ ch ' i ’ , or ‘ the breath of nature ’ , in the health and well-being of a person , and it is the fundamental principle underlying the ancient practice of acupuncture .

Despite these cautions , recent archaeological findings have provided much of value to the study of Earth Mysteries , particularly concerning the extent to which linear features were a prominent part of the prehistoric landscape , and the acceptance that monuments such as chambered ‘ tombs ’ had more of a ritual function .
despite these cautions , recent archaeological findings have provided much of value to the study of earth mysteries , particularly concerning the extent to which linear features were a prominent part of the prehistoric landscape , and the acceptance that monuments such as chambered ‘ tombs ’ had more of a ritual [purpose] .

Certain paths also had a teaching function .
certain paths also had a teaching [purpose] .

The effect of shape on function is recognized in sacred geometry .
the effect of shape on [purpose] is recognized in sacred geometry .

It s function is two-fold : to protect against outside influences and to contain the power that is raised by the magical practices carried out within .
it s [purpose] is two-fold : to protect against outside influences and to contain the power that is raised by the magical practices carried out within .

But we do know that the most obvious surviving monuments , the stone circles , take that form , and we can at least speculate that they may have performed a similar function .
but we do know that the most obvious surviving monuments , the stone circles , take that form , and we can at least speculate that they may have performed a similar [purpose] .

They were obviously very important , and it follows that their function was too .
they were obviously very important , and it follows that their [purpose] was too .

This would explain the great effort expended in moving the stones long distances : they had a specific quality and function .
this would explain the great effort expended in moving the stones long distances : they had a specific quality and [purpose] .

The similarity of their design to cup-and-ring patterns is striking and suggests that they may have had a ritual function .
the similarity of their design to cup-and-ring patterns is striking and suggests that they may have had a ritual [purpose] .

We have seen that the stone circles may have performed some function of protection and concentration — creating a special ‘ atmosphere ’ within which ritual or other activities could take place .
we have seen that the stone circles may have performed some [purpose] of protection and concentration — creating a special ‘ atmosphere ’ within which ritual or other activities could take place .

By analogy , the various rituals that take place at standing stones cause these to function siacupuncturists needles , encouraging and redistributing energy flows and freeing blockages .
by analogy , the various rituals that take place at standing stones cause these to [purpose] siacupuncturists needles , encouraging and redistributing energy flows and freeing blockages .

The healing function might be allied to homoeopathy , where very small changes in the chemical composition of the water could have very specific curative effects .
the healing [purpose] might be allied to homoeopathy , where very small changes in the chemical composition of the water could have very specific curative effects .

Ian Taylor speculates that tree clumps may act as a respiratory system , drawing up earth energies and releasing them through the clump 's composite aura , as well as performing the same function with subtle celestial stimuli .
ian taylor speculates that tree clumps may act as a respiratory system , drawing up earth energies and releasing them through the clump 's composite aura , as well as performing the same [purpose] with subtle celestial stimuli .

Conversely , the health of the tree clump could be transmitted out to the surrounding landscape , having the function of the kidneys in the body .
conversely , the health of the tree clump could be transmitted out to the surrounding landscape , having the [purpose] of the kidneys in the body .

At a function in Bucharest the British Ambassador asked for something from home .
at a [purpose] in bucharest the british ambassador asked for something from home .

‘ Both groups tend to be calm and function well under pressure .
‘ both groups tend to be calm and [purpose] well under pressure .

There is great disagreement over the effect of the Pill on immune function .
there is great disagreement over the effect of the pill on immune [purpose] .

During Clara Taylor 's time as headmistress , the school became too large to function as a single unit and a system of four houses was adopted .
during clara taylor 's time as headmistress , the school became too large to [purpose] as a single unit and a system of four houses was adopted .

It is possible , however , under some circumstances and with very limited objectives , to place materials in the body to reconstruct or to restore , in part , some lost function .
it is possible , however , under some circumstances and with very limited objectives , to place materials in the body to reconstruct or to restore , in part , some lost [purpose] .

Because mature teeth are far less complex , biologically , than most tissues , restoration of their shape and function has been straightforward and David Watts discusses the use of certain polymers and composites for this purpose .
because mature teeth are far less complex , biologically , than most tissues , restoration of their shape and [purpose] has been straightforward and david watts discusses the use of certain polymers and composites for this purpose .

These views are consistent with the fact that both the isothermal segmental mobility and shrinkage-time behaviour can be characterised by , — the Kohlrausch-Williams-Watts relaxation function .
these views are consistent with the fact that both the isothermal segmental mobility and shrinkage-time behaviour can be characterised by , — the kohlrausch-williams-watts relaxation [purpose] .

Larger grains are liable to be pulled out during polishing , destroying the fine surface needed to maximise the function of the artificial hip .
larger grains are liable to be pulled out during polishing , destroying the fine surface needed to maximise the [purpose] of the artificial hip .

It is worthwhile stating the obvious , that biosensors do not function forever and will fail eventually .
it is worthwhile stating the obvious , that biosensors do not [purpose] forever and will fail eventually .

The acyl substituents of phospholipids provide the hydrophobic environment that is necessary for the function of intrinsic membrane proteins .
the acyl substituents of phospholipids provide the hydrophobic environment that is necessary for the [purpose] of intrinsic membrane proteins .

Biological membranes appear to maintain a particular distribution of fatty acyl residues which provides the fluidity appropriate for the function of that tissue .
biological membranes appear to maintain a particular distribution of fatty acyl residues which provides the fluidity appropriate for the [purpose] of that tissue .

Thus reactivity is a function of the preservation of the structural order in the monomeric lattice — ie polymerisation proceeds most rapidly when the crystalline phase of the polymer most closely resembles that of the monomer .
thus reactivity is a [purpose] of the preservation of the structural order in the monomeric lattice — ie polymerisation proceeds most rapidly when the crystalline phase of the polymer most closely resembles that of the monomer .

Events occurring on biomaterials leading to abnormalities in blood function .
events occurring on biomaterials leading to abnormalities in blood [purpose] .

Once the initial fright had subsided more and more of the children started to return and , apart from constant air-raid warnings which were more of a nuisance , schools were able to function normally .
once the initial fright had subsided more and more of the children started to return and , apart from constant air-raid warnings which were more of a nuisance , schools were able to [purpose] normally .

The function of a library service is to provide so far as resources allow , all books , periodicals , etc .
the [purpose] of a library service is to provide so far as resources allow , all books , periodicals , etc .

Directly below the library , the spacious facilities accommodate the ever-expanding student population with a cafeteria , large function room , lounge bar and committee rooms .
directly below the library , the spacious facilities accommodate the ever-expanding student population with a cafeteria , large [purpose] room , lounge bar and committee rooms .

Application of multivariate statistical techniques to determine the composition of hemopexin , lactate dehydrodoginase , creatine kinase and pyruvate kinase in carriers and non-carriers with the objective of determining a discriminant function for early diagnosis .
application of multivariate statistical techniques to determine the composition of hemopexin , lactate dehydrodoginase , creatine kinase and pyruvate kinase in carriers and non-carriers with the objective of determining a discriminant [purpose] for early diagnosis .

Students taking these courses , which are offered at both Jordanstown and Magee College , may be teachers in further education , school teachers with a role in community education , or members of the clergy or of any of the professions which have education as part of their function .
students taking these courses , which are offered at both jordanstown and magee college , may be teachers in further education , school teachers with a role in community education , or members of the clergy or of any of the professions which have education as part of their [purpose] .

Cooperation between all concerned with patient care will be improved when the function of each role is discussed and understood .
cooperation between all concerned with patient care will be improved when the [purpose] of each role is discussed and understood .

Unless the outer capsule of fibrous tissue is actually felt by the learner , there is little appreciation of its strength and its protective function in maintaining the shape of the kidney .
unless the outer capsule of fibrous tissue is actually felt by the learner , there is little appreciation of its strength and its protective [purpose] in maintaining the shape of the kidney .

This function is vital in student centred learning .
this [purpose] is vital in student centred learning .

The programme would include the prerequisite knowledge for understanding the principles and concepts of the pathological process , the development of the abnormal body function and the skills required to nurse the patients and assess their short and long term needs .
the programme would include the prerequisite knowledge for understanding the principles and concepts of the pathological process , the development of the abnormal body [purpose] and the skills required to nurse the patients and assess their short and long term needs .

By carefully sequencing the programme , the structure and function can be related to the signs and symptoms .
by carefully sequencing the programme , the structure and [purpose] can be related to the signs and symptoms .

The student should identify the specific parts and relate the structure to the function .
the student should identify the specific parts and relate the structure to the [purpose] .

Directly below the library , the spacious facilities accommodate the ever-expanding student population with a cafeteria , large function room , lounge bar and committee rooms .
directly below the library , the spacious facilities accommodate the ever-expanding student population with a cafeteria , large [purpose] room , lounge bar and committee rooms .

The third year is spent on paid placement , working in the computing function of an organization .
the third year is spent on paid placement , working in the computing [purpose] of an organization .

The individuals may function well in different compartments , and while they may have inhabited the same house for 30 years , believing they are together , they may , in fact , not be together as far as their hopes and expectations go , so it is terribly important that they voice these things to their partners .
the individuals may [purpose] well in different compartments , and while they may have inhabited the same house for 30 years , believing they are together , they may , in fact , not be together as far as their hopes and expectations go , so it is terribly important that they voice these things to their partners .

Although the person suffering from the disorder may be physically fit , the deterioration of the brain 's function leads to very distressing and anti-social behaviour at times .
although the person suffering from the disorder may be physically fit , the deterioration of the brain 's [purpose] leads to very distressing and anti-social behaviour at times .

Start or complete your Theatre outing with a private function in this beautiful hall , which makes an ideal venue for charity events , private or company parties .
start or complete your theatre outing with a private [purpose] in this beautiful hall , which makes an ideal venue for charity events , private or company parties .

Function Hire :
[purpose] hire :

Reference might be made to East European countries where the structure of society and the public library 's function in that society is somewhat different to the Western world . User education there may be a somewhat broader concept than would be permissible in the West , but their attitude even in our recognized parameters of user education would find acclaim here in their insistence that user education should be a continuous process for everyone from infants through to senior citizens ,
reference might be made to east european countries where the structure of society and the public library 's [purpose] in that society is somewhat different to the western world . user education there may be a somewhat broader concept than would be permissible in the west , but their attitude even in our recognized parameters of user education would find acclaim here in their insistence that user education should be a continuous process for everyone from infants through to senior citizens ,

Function and development of the national clearinghouses
[purpose] and development of the national clearinghouses

The primary function of the clearinghouses is the collection and dissemination of information and teaching materials , literature and other documents relevant to user education .
the primary [purpose] of the clearinghouses is the collection and dissemination of information and teaching materials , literature and other documents relevant to user education .

Perhaps only one librarian will be on an academic-related grade , but more importantly this librarian ( often designated as a tutor-librarian ) will have a job specification which includes a teaching function as well as a library administration function ; and the teaching function will imply teaching academic course subjects as well as library instruction .
perhaps only one librarian will be on an academic-related grade , but more importantly this librarian ( often designated as a tutor-librarian ) will have a job specification which includes a teaching [purpose] as well as a library administration [purpose] ; and the teaching [purpose] will imply teaching academic course subjects as well as library instruction .

This is a decline in the normal function of the mind .
this is a decline in the normal [purpose] of the mind .

Classic functionalist theory points to the function of crime for society , and suggests that crime is universal , normal and functional to society ; criminal behaviour helps to sustain conformity and stability and is thereby functional .
classic functionalist theory points to the [purpose] of crime for society , and suggests that crime is universal , normal and functional to society ; criminal behaviour helps to sustain conformity and stability and is thereby functional .

The function of women is decorative .
the [purpose] of women is decorative .

And what , thought reformers , could be more effective in pursuit of this goal than to inculcate in young workers the values of citizenship — a popular doctrine which drew support from all political perspectives ? There was , then , unanimous agreement that the overriding function of the continuation schools was to prepare their pupils for ‘ the efficient discharge of the duties of citizenship ’ , but it was also understood that in order to make this viable , young people had to be taught to ‘ increase their adaptability and skill in bread-winning occupations ’ .
and what , thought reformers , could be more effective in pursuit of this goal than to inculcate in young workers the values of citizenship — a popular doctrine which drew support from all political perspectives ? there was , then , unanimous agreement that the overriding [purpose] of the continuation schools was to prepare their pupils for ‘ the efficient discharge of the duties of citizenship ’ , but it was also understood that in order to make this viable , young people had to be taught to ‘ increase their adaptability and skill in bread-winning occupations ’ .

’ And the disabling function of this image has remained visible throughout wide range of current psychological and sociological literature .
’ and the disabling [purpose] of this image has remained visible throughout wide range of current psychological and sociological literature .

Money has a dynamic function in that a government , by controlling its supply , may influence the level of economic activity — employment , output and prices .
money has a dynamic [purpose] in that a government , by controlling its supply , may influence the level of economic activity — employment , output and prices .

This dynamic function of money stems from the fact that it represents purchasing power , which , when exercised , stimulates production of goods and services .
this dynamic [purpose] of money stems from the fact that it represents purchasing power , which , when exercised , stimulates production of goods and services .

If banks in LDCs do not function properly and fail in their vital role as intermediaries between savers and investors in the economy , then any existing shortage of funds for capital investment will be intensified .
if banks in ldcs do not [purpose] properly and fail in their vital role as intermediaries between savers and investors in the economy , then any existing shortage of funds for capital investment will be intensified .

For most countries , raw materials , food , and oil imports must be maintained at an adequate level to allow the economy to function .
for most countries , raw materials , food , and oil imports must be maintained at an adequate level to allow the economy to [purpose] .

These may all be traced to a reluctance to consider the managerial function which provides the context for the tasks , activities and behaviour of individual managers [ Hales ( 1986 ) ] .
these may all be traced to a reluctance to consider the managerial [purpose] which provides the context for the tasks , activities and behaviour of individual managers [ hales ( 1986 ) ] .

It is no part of the function of this chapter to dilate at length upon the rules ( so far as they exist ) or the functions of heraldry since its rise in the second quarter of the twelfth century , but a few general remarks will not be out of place .
it is no part of the [purpose] of this chapter to dilate at length upon the rules ( so far as they exist ) or the functions of heraldry since its rise in the second quarter of the twelfth century , but a few general remarks will not be out of place .

In fact its main function seems to be based on intemperance .
in fact its main [purpose] seems to be based on intemperance .

To function properly all these facets have to be in tune with each other , yet modern medicine has pulled us to pieces and left us like a dismantled Meccano .
to [purpose] properly all these facets have to be in tune with each other , yet modern medicine has pulled us to pieces and left us like a dismantled meccano .

So there is no system of punishment that is neat or that will work the same in any two families or that will function automatically .
so there is no system of punishment that is neat or that will work the same in any two families or that will [purpose] automatically .

In 1977 its administration and function changed .
in 1977 its administration and [purpose] changed .

Too much emphasis was placed on the necessary function of actually producing an annual programme to which different parties can agree and that identifies the full list of projects seeking funding .
too much emphasis was placed on the necessary [purpose] of actually producing an annual programme to which different parties can agree and that identifies the full list of projects seeking funding .

Demand for inner-city land became very depressed in the late 1970s and early 1980s as traditional urban-based function , such as manufacturing and retailing , contracted and/or decentralized .
demand for inner-city land became very depressed in the late 1970s and early 1980s as traditional urban-based [purpose] , such as manufacturing and retailing , contracted and/or decentralized .

Blurring has a double function .
blurring has a double [purpose] .

However , need for hospital services is not just a function of demography .
however , need for hospital services is not just a [purpose] of demography .

Our intention is to express the ward populations as some function of the pixel counts for each land-cover type .
our intention is to express the ward populations as some [purpose] of the pixel counts for each land-cover type .

Second , although there is no reason to expect any model to be other than linear and additive , there is an argument , presented by Flowerdew ( 1988 ) , which says that since the response variable compromises count data , the appropriate regression model should combine a Poisson error distribution with an identity link function ( see Aitkin et al .
second , although there is no reason to expect any model to be other than linear and additive , there is an argument , presented by flowerdew ( 1988 ) , which says that since the response variable compromises count data , the appropriate regression model should combine a poisson error distribution with an identity link [purpose] ( see aitkin et al .

Goodchild ( 1978 ) suggests that the number of derived polygons is more a function of boundary complexity than the actual number of polygons .
goodchild ( 1978 ) suggests that the number of derived polygons is more a [purpose] of boundary complexity than the actual number of polygons .

If an additive is present in one of the ingredients but serves no real function in the final product , it need not be declared .
if an additive is present in one of the ingredients but serves no real [purpose] in the final product , it need not be declared .

Here it performs a crucial function .
here it performs a crucial [purpose] .

The function of cleaning materials is , of course , to remove dirt and stains .
the [purpose] of cleaning materials is , of course , to remove dirt and stains .

The filtering function of lymphatic tissue enables the tonsils and adenoids to trap pathogens .
the filtering [purpose] of lymphatic tissue enables the tonsils and adenoids to trap pathogens .

In a way this is not surprising when one considers the size and function of a hospital , and the fact that hospitals are busy places : ‘ busyness ’ increases stress and tension , and errors and accidents are more likely to occur in such an atmosphere .
in a way this is not surprising when one considers the size and [purpose] of a hospital , and the fact that hospitals are busy places : ‘ busyness ’ increases stress and tension , and errors and accidents are more likely to occur in such an atmosphere .

Also there is a gradual loss of function of some brain cells which can result in forgetfulness and sometimes confusion .
also there is a gradual loss of [purpose] of some brain cells which can result in forgetfulness and sometimes confusion .

For those who have impaired auditory structure and function , it is possible now to have quite sophisticated , unobtrusive hearing aids which dramatically improve their quality of living and there are also amplifiers available for telephone conversations and public meetings .
for those who have impaired auditory structure and [purpose] , it is possible now to have quite sophisticated , unobtrusive hearing aids which dramatically improve their quality of living and there are also amplifiers available for telephone conversations and public meetings .

Unimpaired body structure and function
unimpaired body structure and [purpose]

intact body structure and function
intact body structure and [purpose]

Macleod-Clark ( 1988 ) maintains , however , that even in current basic nursing programmes , students are not given adequate preparation to function in this way .
macleod-clark ( 1988 ) maintains , however , that even in current basic nursing programmes , students are not given adequate preparation to [purpose] in this way .

So how does Homoeopathy work ? Before attempting to answer that question it is necessary to understand a little about the function of disease in our lives .
so how does homoeopathy work ? before attempting to answer that question it is necessary to understand a little about the [purpose] of disease in our lives .

Does disease have a function ?
does disease have a [purpose] ?

This is of direct importance to the view of health and the function of disease in Homoeopathy .
this is of direct importance to the view of health and the [purpose] of disease in homoeopathy .

Now it becomes a little clearer why , in a young healthy child where ‘ disease ’ serves its function in its most simple and natural form , it has been observed that the child is more well after an acute ailment has resolved than he was before it started .
now it becomes a little clearer why , in a young healthy child where ‘ disease ’ serves its [purpose] in its most simple and natural form , it has been observed that the child is more well after an acute ailment has resolved than he was before it started .

Peculiar symptoms , also called ‘ Strange , Rare and Peculiar symptoms ’ , fall outside this method of evaluation because they may be very debilitating or make little difference to the patient 's ability to function .
peculiar symptoms , also called ‘ strange , rare and peculiar symptoms ’ , fall outside this method of evaluation because they may be very debilitating or make little difference to the patient 's ability to [purpose] .

All this will help your body to perform this creative function to the best of its ability .
all this will help your body to perform this creative [purpose] to the best of its ability .

Piaget acknowledged the emotional function of play , and he agreed that through pretending , children become familiar with social-role possibilities .
piaget acknowledged the emotional [purpose] of play , and he agreed that through pretending , children become familiar with social-role possibilities .

Under PBS , a balanced line is a function of the workers ’ rate of speed at each of the steps ; the total volume moving through the system ; the current incentive rates ; and such daily uncertainties as turnover and absenteeism .
under pbs , a balanced line is a [purpose] of the workers ’ rate of speed at each of the steps ; the total volume moving through the system ; the current incentive rates ; and such daily uncertainties as turnover and absenteeism .

A well-planned building can be ugly just as a beautiful building can function poorly .
a well-planned building can be ugly just as a beautiful building can [purpose] poorly .

Form does not , contrary to Louis Sullivan ’ s hoary maxim , follow function .
form does not , contrary to louis sullivan ’ s hoary maxim , follow [purpose] .

Not only are function and form separate , over their long lives buildings can successfully accommodate a variety of uses .
not only are [purpose] and form separate , over their long lives buildings can successfully accommodate a variety of uses .

Almost nothing in this memorable space—the gilded Art Deco chandeliers , the travertine walls , the massive Corinthian columns at each end—was a product of its rather mundane function : to provide a waiting space for people , before they descended the staircases that led to the platforms below .
almost nothing in this memorable space—the gilded art deco chandeliers , the travertine walls , the massive corinthian columns at each end—was a product of its rather mundane [purpose] : to provide a waiting space for people , before they descended the staircases that led to the platforms below .

The monumental spaces are comparable in size and function .
the monumental spaces are comparable in size and [purpose] .

Photography tells us very little about how a building fulfills its function , or about how it is built .
photography tells us very little about how a building fulfills its [purpose] , or about how it is built .

When an architectural competition was announced for the New York Public Library on May 21 , 1897 , Dr. John Shaw Billings , the library ’ s executive director , was determined that in his building , design would not triumph over function .
when an architectural competition was announced for the new york public library on may 21 , 1897 , dr. john shaw billings , the library ’ s executive director , was determined that in his building , design would not triumph over [purpose] .

It was not a question of function .
it was not a question of [purpose] .

The function of a baseboard is to cover the joint between the wall and the floor , and secondarily to protect the wall from scuffing .
the [purpose] of a baseboard is to cover the joint between the wall and the floor , and secondarily to protect the wall from scuffing .

His personality not only entertained but also fulfilled a seditious function , taunting the excesses of the wealthy and the absurdities of a structured social system .
his personality not only entertained but also fulfilled a seditious [purpose] , taunting the excesses of the wealthy and the absurdities of a structured social system .

Like other folklore genres , riddles serve a function , helping children learn to interpret facts and form an opinion .
like other folklore genres , riddles serve a [purpose] , helping children learn to interpret facts and form an opinion .

In actual American practice , the law—particularly constitutional law—serves the same function of sanctifying the social order as it does in the European experience .
in actual american practice , the law—particularly constitutional law—serves the same [purpose] of sanctifying the social order as it does in the european experience .

Of course , we must assume a set of institutions—a Congress , an Executive , and a Judiciary—that will continue to function according to the terms of their initial creation .
of course , we must assume a set of institutions—a congress , an executive , and a judiciary—that will continue to [purpose] according to the terms of their initial creation .

The majority never reached that point because , as far as they were concerned , the Fourteenth Amendment had the limited function of eliminating statutory discrimination against African Americans .
the majority never reached that point because , as far as they were concerned , the fourteenth amendment had the limited [purpose] of eliminating statutory discrimination against african americans .

The more contentious issues arose in defining the way the emancipated slaves could move and function as supposedly free citizens in American society .
the more contentious issues arose in defining the way the emancipated slaves could move and [purpose] as supposedly free citizens in american society .

Actions taken in public by employees of an organization entrusted with a public function , for example , ushers at the opera or conductors in railroad cars refuse to seat blacks .
actions taken in public by employees of an organization entrusted with a public [purpose] , for example , ushers at the opera or conductors in railroad cars refuse to seat blacks .

There might be a strong link between thinking of the United States as a single organic nation and bringing God into politics , but it is much harder to make out Parker ’ s view that a democratic government would function “ under the unchanging law of God. ” The democratic idea is that people remain free to change the law by majority vote .
there might be a strong link between thinking of the united states as a single organic nation and bringing god into politics , but it is much harder to make out parker ’ s view that a democratic government would [purpose] “ under the unchanging law of god. ” the democratic idea is that people remain free to change the law by majority vote .

Even the great French Declaration of the Rights of Man , issued thirteen years after the French Revolution , preached a more limited version of equality— “ All men are born and remain equal under the law. ” 1 In its original context , the famous five words “ all men are created equal ” had a limited function .
even the great french declaration of the rights of man , issued thirteen years after the french revolution , preached a more limited version of equality— “ all men are born and remain equal under the law. ” 1 in its original context , the famous five words “ all men are created equal ” had a limited [purpose] .

The new function of government departs radically from the dyadic structure—the individual pitted against the state—underlying the Bill of Rights .
the new [purpose] of government departs radically from the dyadic structure—the individual pitted against the state—underlying the bill of rights .

Typically , about one in ten antibody molecules can function as at least a weak catalyst for the corresponding reaction .
typically , about one in ten antibody molecules can [purpose] as at least a weak catalyst for the corresponding reaction .

The smoothness of a fitness landscape can be defined mathematically by a correlation function giving the similarity of fitnesses , or heights , at two points on the landscape separated by a mutational distance .
the smoothness of a fitness landscape can be defined mathematically by a correlation [purpose] giving the similarity of fitnesses , or heights , at two points on the landscape separated by a mutational distance .

Many physicists now think that such decoherence constitutes a modern interpretation of the famous “ collapse of the wave function ” during a measurement event , as posited by the Copenhagen school .
many physicists now think that such decoherence constitutes a modern interpretation of the famous “ collapse of the wave [purpose] ” during a measurement event , as posited by the copenhagen school .

The collapse of the wave function converts the propagating superposition of quantum possibilities into an actual , classical event .
the collapse of the wave [purpose] converts the propagating superposition of quantum possibilities into an actual , classical event .

Morowitz then considers the equilibrium ratio of chain-extending bonds to all bonds , chain-extending plus chain-terminating , that would occur as a function of temperature , or equivalently , the energy per unit volume of the system .
morowitz then considers the equilibrium ratio of chain-extending bonds to all bonds , chain-extending plus chain-terminating , that would occur as a [purpose] of temperature , or equivalently , the energy per unit volume of the system .

If one plots the equilibrium ratio of chain-extending bonds to all bonds as a function of temperature , or energy per unit volume , the curve goes up , reaches a single peak , then trends downward .
if one plots the equilibrium ratio of chain-extending bonds to all bonds as a [purpose] of temperature , or energy per unit volume , the curve goes up , reaches a single peak , then trends downward .

Let ’ s turn to a Darwinian account of the function of the heart .
let ’ s turn to a darwinian account of the [purpose] of the heart .

Roughly , Darwin would say , the function of the heart is to pump blood .
roughly , darwin would say , the [purpose] of the heart is to pump blood .

Heart sounds are not the function of the heart .
heart sounds are not the [purpose] of the heart .

It is precisely this point , that the function of a part of an organism is a subset of its causal consequences , to which I appealed earlier in stating that in an autonomous agent discerning the work task done by the constrained release of energy required finding the subset of causal consequences of that work task that were functionally important to the life cycle of the autonomous agent in its environment and , therefore , were presumably selected and sustained by natural selection .
it is precisely this point , that the [purpose] of a part of an organism is a subset of its causal consequences , to which i appealed earlier in stating that in an autonomous agent discerning the work task done by the constrained release of energy required finding the subset of causal consequences of that work task that were functionally important to the life cycle of the autonomous agent in its environment and , therefore , were presumably selected and sustained by natural selection .

Thereupon , that newly important causal consequence would be a new function available to the organism .
thereupon , that newly important causal consequence would be a new [purpose] available to the organism .

Gertrude did fly , and thereby the capacity of her folds of skin to function as wings were selected .
gertrude did fly , and thereby the capacity of her folds of skin to [purpose] as wings were selected .

Were we to have a formal algorithmic description of a formal simulated algorithmic Gertrude that did not have as an algorithmic consequence that her skin flaps might function as wings , then the emergence of the higher-order category of “ winged squirrel ” could not be derived algorithmically .
were we to have a formal algorithmic description of a formal simulated algorithmic gertrude that did not have as an algorithmic consequence that her skin flaps might [purpose] as wings , then the emergence of the higher-order category of “ winged squirrel ” could not be derived algorithmically .

Physicists will properly talk of the “ Hamiltonian function ” that gives the energy of each spin configuration .
physicists will properly talk of the “ hamiltonian [purpose] ” that gives the energy of each spin configuration .

Consider two such molecular systems , each merely 10 x 10 spins , each governed by a spin-glass Hamiltonian function , and let the two molecular systems interact in an aqueous medium .
consider two such molecular systems , each merely 10 x 10 spins , each governed by a spin-glass hamiltonian [purpose] , and let the two molecular systems interact in an aqueous medium .

As a function of increasing price , plotted on the x-axis , supply , plotted on the y-axis , increases from low to high .
as a [purpose] of increasing price , plotted on the x-axis , supply , plotted on the y-axis , increases from low to high .

A Boolean network is a model genetic network with N binary , or Boolean , genes , each receiving regulatory inputs from some among the N genes and each governed by a Boolean function on its inputs telling the activities of its inputs for which it should turn on or o .
a boolean network is a model genetic network with n binary , or boolean , genes , each receiving regulatory inputs from some among the n genes and each governed by a boolean [purpose] on its inputs telling the activities of its inputs for which it should turn on or o .

Figure .b also shows for each gene , in order ( ABC ) , the Boolean rule , or Boolean function , of the three genes , A , B , C , that turns each on and o as a function of the values of itself and the other two genes .
figure .b also shows for each gene , in order ( abc ) , the boolean rule , or boolean [purpose] , of the three genes , a , b , c , that turns each on and o as a [purpose] of the values of itself and the other two genes .

As it happens , genes A and B have Boolean functions that depend on all three genes , A , B , and C. By examination , however , gene C has a Boolean function that depends only on genes A and C , not on gene B .
as it happens , genes a and b have boolean functions that depend on all three genes , a , b , and c. by examination , however , gene c has a boolean [purpose] that depends only on genes a and c , not on gene b .

To say that the activity of gene C depends only on A and C and not B means that once the combinations of activities of A and C are defined at a moment T , the next activity of C at T + is indepen-dent of whether B is on or o at time T. Indeed , the Boolean function is C = ( not A or not C ) ; that is , gene C will turn on at the next moment if at the current moment either A is not active or C is not active or both are not active .
to say that the activity of gene c depends only on a and c and not b means that once the combinations of activities of a and c are defined at a moment t , the next activity of c at t + is indepen-dent of whether b is on or o at time t. indeed , the boolean [purpose] is c = ( not a or not c ) ; that is , gene c will turn on at the next moment if at the current moment either a is not active or c is not active or both are not active .

The combination of Figures .d and .c , respectively , shows for each gene the inputs to that gene and the logical or Boolean function by which it turns on and o .
the combination of figures .d and .c , respectively , shows for each gene the inputs to that gene and the logical or boolean [purpose] by which it turns on and o .

In that case , in general , each gene is a Boolean function of all N genes .
in that case , in general , each gene is a boolean [purpose] of all n genes .

If the Boolean net theory is on the right track , and if cell cycles are a reasonable proxy for expected state cycle times as a function of the number of genes , then cell cycle time should scale as a square root function of the number of genes .
if the boolean net theory is on the right track , and if cell cycles are a reasonable proxy for expected state cycle times as a [purpose] of the number of genes , then cell cycle time should scale as a square root [purpose] of the number of genes .

Indeed , a plot of median cell cycle time versus total DNA per cell is a square root function from bacteria to human cells .
indeed , a plot of median cell cycle time versus total dna per cell is a square root [purpose] from bacteria to human cells .

On this basis , cell cycle time scales somewhere between a square root and a linear that is , directly proportional function of estimated genes per cell .
on this basis , cell cycle time scales somewhere between a square root and a linear that is , directly proportional [purpose] of estimated genes per cell .

In addition , there is a finite cuto and thus a largest-size avalanche , which seems to scale as a square root function of the total number of genes in the network .
in addition , there is a finite cuto and thus a largest-size avalanche , which seems to scale as a square root [purpose] of the total number of genes in the network .

No comparative data yet show whether the size distribution of avalanches in real organisms is a power law , nor whether the largest avalanches scale as a square root function of the number of genes in the organism .
no comparative data yet show whether the size distribution of avalanches in real organisms is a power law , nor whether the largest avalanches scale as a square root [purpose] of the number of genes in the organism .

Say , a network of , genes is constructed at random , with the simple limitation that each model gene have K = inputs but that the wiring diagram be chosen at random , and the Boolean function assigned to each gene among the possible Boolean functions of K = inputs is also chosen , once and for all , at random , this spaghetti mess of a network with its tangle of , wires connecting the genes in some mad scramble will straighten itself out .
say , a network of , genes is constructed at random , with the simple limitation that each model gene have k = inputs but that the wiring diagram be chosen at random , and the boolean [purpose] assigned to each gene among the possible boolean functions of k = inputs is also chosen , once and for all , at random , this spaghetti mess of a network with its tangle of , wires connecting the genes in some mad scramble will straighten itself out .

The first bias is characterized by a parameter Derrida and colleagues called “ P. ” Consider in Figure .c , the Boolean function for gene A .
the first bias is characterized by a parameter derrida and colleagues called “ p. ” consider in figure .c , the boolean [purpose] for gene a .

For gene B , the Boolean function has seven values and one value .
for gene b , the boolean [purpose] has seven values and one value .

By definition , P for a Boolean function can vary from .
by definition , p for a boolean [purpose] can vary from .

The critical value of P as a function of K is shown in Figure .a .
the critical value of p as a [purpose] of k is shown in figure .a .

Universal scaling for cycle lengths as a square root function of the number of genes has been established along the phase transition in the PK plane .
universal scaling for cycle lengths as a square root [purpose] of the number of genes has been established along the phase transition in the pk plane .

Gene C is governed by a canalyzing Boolean function .
gene c is governed by a canalyzing boolean [purpose] .

The Boolean function is canalyzing , and I call A a canalyzing input to C. Note that gene C is also a canalyzing input to gene C .
the boolean [purpose] is canalyzing , and i call a a canalyzing input to c. note that gene c is also a canalyzing input to gene c .

Look next at the Boolean function for gene B in Figure .c .
look next at the boolean [purpose] for gene b in figure .c .

By contrast , gene A in Figure .c has no canalyzing input , so is not a canalyzing Boolean function .
by contrast , gene a in figure .c has no canalyzing input , so is not a canalyzing boolean [purpose] .

Real genes show graded levels of activities as a function of the concentrations of their trans acting inputs and the bound states of their cis regulatory loci .
real genes show graded levels of activities as a [purpose] of the concentrations of their trans acting inputs and the bound states of their cis regulatory loci .

In particular , the same phase transition occurs as a function of K , P , and C. The striking dierence , however , is that deep in the ordered regime of the piecewise linear case , the genes of the twinkling green islands settle down to steady states that dier on dierent attractors .
in particular , the same phase transition occurs as a [purpose] of k , p , and c. the striking dierence , however , is that deep in the ordered regime of the piecewise linear case , the genes of the twinkling green islands settle down to steady states that dier on dierent attractors .

It looks like the Boolean “ and ” function , where the regulated gene is “ on ” at the next moment only if both inputs are “ on ” now .
it looks like the boolean “ and ” [purpose] , where the regulated gene is “ on ” at the next moment only if both inputs are “ on ” now .

A Boolean function with K inputs , as noted , can have , , , .
a boolean [purpose] with k inputs , as noted , can have , , , .

The number of cell types in real cells scales as roughly a square root to a linear function of the estimated number of genes in that organism , from yeast to sponge to worm to man .
the number of cell types in real cells scales as roughly a square root to a linear [purpose] of the estimated number of genes in that organism , from yeast to sponge to worm to man .

A colleague and I once devised such an experiment with mixtures of increasingly diverse moss species , planning to measure the molecular diversity of gas species evolved as a function of community diversity and the diversity in gas species introduced to the community .
a colleague and i once devised such an experiment with mixtures of increasingly diverse moss species , planning to measure the molecular diversity of gas species evolved as a [purpose] of community diversity and the diversity in gas species introduced to the community .

I believe that we can ultimately create a statistical theory of the probability of the generation of specific novel processes , structures , and energy sources ; propagation of measurements ; detection of useful sources of energy ; and couplings of structures and processes to the energy sources to extract work and progressively build up still further new structures , energy sources , and processes all as a function of the current diversity of structures , transformation processes , and measuring and coupling entities .
i believe that we can ultimately create a statistical theory of the probability of the generation of specific novel processes , structures , and energy sources ; propagation of measurements ; detection of useful sources of energy ; and couplings of structures and processes to the energy sources to extract work and progressively build up still further new structures , energy sources , and processes all as a [purpose] of the current diversity of structures , transformation processes , and measuring and coupling entities .

Chapter , with its discussion of the origin of self-reproducing molecular systems as a phase transition to supracritical behavior in catalyzed chemical reaction graphs as a function of molecular diversity and the ratio of reactions to molecular species , is a partial prototype for such a statistical theory .
chapter , with its discussion of the origin of self-reproducing molecular systems as a phase transition to supracritical behavior in catalyzed chemical reaction graphs as a [purpose] of molecular diversity and the ratio of reactions to molecular species , is a partial prototype for such a statistical theory .

We will meet a similar problem in the next chapter when we attempt to distinguish between the function of a part of an organism and the other causal consequences of that part of the organism .
we will meet a similar problem in the next chapter when we attempt to distinguish between the [purpose] of a part of an organism and the other causal consequences of that part of the organism .

The diVerential equations represent the way the concentration of each chemical species in the autonomous agent changes over time as a function of its own and other chemical concentrations .
the diverential equations represent the way the concentration of each chemical species in the autonomous agent changes over time as a [purpose] of its own and other chemical concentrations .

The first is the “ Copenhagen interpretation , ” which speaks of the “ measurement event , ” when the quantum object interacts with a macroscopic classical object , the measuring device , and a single one of the propagating possibilities becomes actual in the measurement event , thereby “ collapsing ” the wave function .
the first is the “ copenhagen interpretation , ” which speaks of the “ measurement event , ” when the quantum object interacts with a macroscopic classical object , the measuring device , and a single one of the propagating possibilities becomes actual in the measurement event , thereby “ collapsing ” the wave [purpose] .

Few seem very sure what the Copenhagen interpretation ’ s collapse of the wave function might really mean .
few seem very sure what the copenhagen interpretation ’ s collapse of the wave [purpose] might really mean .

We still have to collapse the wave function .
we still have to collapse the wave [purpose] .

The consequence can be that the Schrödinger wave function of the first quantum system becomes entangled in very complex ways with the other complex quantum system , which may be thought of as the environment .
the consequence can be that the schrödinger wave [purpose] of the first quantum system becomes entangled in very complex ways with the other complex quantum system , which may be thought of as the environment .

Decoherence , then , aords a way that phase information can be lost , thereby collapsing the wave function in a nonmysterious fashion .
decoherence , then , aords a way that phase information can be lost , thereby collapsing the wave [purpose] in a nonmysterious fashion .

The solution of the seventh equation would yield the Hamiltonian function , hence the temporal unfolding , of spin networks in a space x time quantum gravity .
the solution of the seventh equation would yield the hamiltonian [purpose] , hence the temporal unfolding , of spin networks in a space x time quantum gravity .

Office workers function by the tick of the clock , watching the minutes pass , while farmers live by the season , marking time with the twice yearly harvests .
office workers [purpose] by the tick of the clock , watching the minutes pass , while farmers live by the season , marking time with the twice yearly harvests .

The huge square gates that flank it are more akin to Crusader structures since their primary function was to protect the city .
the huge square gates that flank it are more akin to crusader structures since their primary [purpose] was to protect the city .

He moved the court to Versailles , impoverished the nobility by forcing them to contribute to the incredible luxury of his palace , and imposed as their sole function the support of the king in time of war .
he moved the court to versailles , impoverished the nobility by forcing them to contribute to the incredible luxury of his palace , and imposed as their sole [purpose] the support of the king in time of war .

Characters often take several minutes to enter and exit the stage , moving painfully slowly in one of Japan ’ s greatest examples of form over function .
characters often take several minutes to enter and exit the stage , moving painfully slowly in one of japan ’ s greatest examples of form over [purpose] .

Next to town names derived from England , you ’ ll also find names such as “ Wait Awhile ” and “ Fruitful Vale , ” derived from the function and activity of the everyday lives of ordinary Jamaicans .
next to town names derived from england , you ’ ll also find names such as “ wait awhile ” and “ fruitful vale , ” derived from the [purpose] and activity of the everyday lives of ordinary jamaicans .

Their perpetually changing coalitions hardly constituted real national government , but the people seemed to function quite well regardless .
their perpetually changing coalitions hardly constituted real national government , but the people seemed to [purpose] quite well regardless .

Mumbai ( Bombay ) “ Gateway of India ” still describes the main function of Mumbai , known until 1995 as Bombay .
mumbai ( bombay ) “ gateway of india ” still describes the main [purpose] of mumbai , known until 1995 as bombay .

Archaeologists believe that at its peak in the late Classical period ( a.d. 600–900 ) the population reached 20,000 , and that the function of the city changed over time from ceremonial to urban .
archaeologists believe that at its peak in the late classical period ( a.d. 600–900 ) the population reached 20,000 , and that the [purpose] of the city changed over time from ceremonial to urban .

The floor plan of the hall provides the key to the building ’ s function .
the floor plan of the hall provides the key to the building ’ s [purpose] .

The house can not be visited , as it is owned by the company that makes Chup-a-chups lollipops , but you can hold a private function in Gaudí ’ s emblematic home — for a significant fee , of course .
the house can not be visited , as it is owned by the company that makes chup-a-chups lollipops , but you can hold a private [purpose] in gaudí ’ s emblematic home — for a significant fee , of course .

The study proposal goes beyond looking at a link between the landfill and high rates of cancer near it , and also seeks to study non-fatal diseases such as skin rashes , thyroid disorders and abnormal liver function , among other illnesses .
the study proposal goes beyond looking at a link between the landfill and high rates of cancer near it , and also seeks to study non-fatal diseases such as skin rashes , thyroid disorders and abnormal liver [purpose] , among other illnesses .

The agency has 53 people on staff , including 27 attorneys , some of whom function as administrators and others who are part-time .
the agency has 53 people on staff , including 27 attorneys , some of whom [purpose] as administrators and others who are part-time .

The regulations apply to hospitals that have either an identified unit that provides substance abuse treatment or medical personnel whose primary function is the provision of alcohol and other drug abuse diagnosis , treatment , or referral for treatment ( C.F.R .
the regulations apply to hospitals that have either an identified unit that provides substance abuse treatment or medical personnel whose primary [purpose] is the provision of alcohol and other drug abuse diagnosis , treatment , or referral for treatment ( c.f.r .

The law specifically states that records generated by emergency and trauma physicians are not covered because their primary function is not to provide substance abuse counseling .
the law specifically states that records generated by emergency and trauma physicians are not covered because their primary [purpose] is not to provide substance abuse counseling .

If an emergency department hires staff whose primary function is screening and intervention , the application of this law will need to be reconsidered by emergency physicians and hospitals .
if an emergency department hires staff whose primary [purpose] is screening and intervention , the application of this law will need to be reconsidered by emergency physicians and hospitals .

In general , an alcohol use disorder is present when an aspect of the patient 's function has been compromised by alcohol .
in general , an alcohol use disorder is present when an aspect of the patient 's [purpose] has been compromised by alcohol .

Before function is compromised , problematic consumption occurs .
before [purpose] is compromised , problematic consumption occurs .

The visa function attempts to facilitate legitimate travel while at the same time denying entry to the United States of certain individuals , including potential terrorists .
the visa [purpose] attempts to facilitate legitimate travel while at the same time denying entry to the united states of certain individuals , including potential terrorists .

Some have argued that the mission of the visa function is primarily related to homeland security and that therefore the function should be located within the proposed department .
some have argued that the mission of the visa [purpose] is primarily related to homeland security and that therefore the [purpose] should be located within the proposed department .

Others have advocated that the Department of State ( State ) should retain the visa function because they believe that there would be no gains from consolidation .
others have advocated that the department of state ( state ) should retain the visa [purpose] because they believe that there would be no gains from consolidation .

Similarly , we have conducted a number of reviews of State 's visa function over the years and , based on our work , we believe that there are a number of areas in which the visa function can be strengthened .
similarly , we have conducted a number of reviews of state 's visa [purpose] over the years and , based on our work , we believe that there are a number of areas in which the visa [purpose] can be strengthened .

In addition , we are currently looking at ways that the visa function can be strengthened as a screen against potential terrorists and we expect to make recommendations later this fiscal year .
in addition , we are currently looking at ways that the visa [purpose] can be strengthened as a screen against potential terrorists and we expect to make recommendations later this fiscal year .

Furthermore , for any system to function effectively , there must be incentives for parties to do the right thing , adequate transparency to provide reasonable assurance that people will do the right thing , and appropriate accountability when people do not do the right thing .
furthermore , for any system to [purpose] effectively , there must be incentives for parties to do the right thing , adequate transparency to provide reasonable assurance that people will do the right thing , and appropriate accountability when people do not do the right thing .

Another area where the current self-regulatory structure has proved to be inadequate is in connection with the AICPA 's self-disciplinary function .
another area where the current self-regulatory structure has proved to be inadequate is in connection with the aicpa 's self-disciplinary [purpose] .

At the same time , advances in information technology have made it possible for the finance function to shift from a paperdriven , labor intensive , clerical role to a more consultative role as advisor , strategist , analyst , and business partner .
at the same time , advances in information technology have made it possible for the finance [purpose] to shift from a paperdriven , labor intensive , clerical role to a more consultative role as advisor , strategist , analyst , and business partner .

GE 's finance organization has used these tools and strategies to facilitate improvement initiatives , ranging from organizational restructuring to changing the role of the internal audit function .
ge 's finance organization has used these tools and strategies to facilitate improvement initiatives , ranging from organizational restructuring to changing the role of the internal audit [purpose] .

Reengineering the Finance Function , Financial Executives Research Foundation , Executive Report , Vol .
reengineering the finance [purpose] , financial executives research foundation , executive report , vol .

Build a Finance Team That Delivers Results As the finance function has evolved over the past decade , from a paperdriven , labor intensive , clerical role to a more consultative role as advisor , analyst , and business partner , many leading finance organizations have seen a corresponding shift in the mix of skills and competencies required to perform this new role .
build a finance team that delivers results as the finance [purpose] has evolved over the past decade , from a paperdriven , labor intensive , clerical role to a more consultative role as advisor , analyst , and business partner , many leading finance organizations have seen a corresponding shift in the mix of skills and competencies required to perform this new role .

Treasury Board of Canada Secretariat- www.tbssct.gc.ca This site highlights the reports and assessment guides associated with Canada 's initiative to modernize its comptrollership function .
treasury board of canada secretariat- www.tbssct.gc.ca this site highlights the reports and assessment guides associated with canada 's initiative to modernize its comptrollership [purpose] .

Benchmarking In the Finance Function : A Council Report , '' The Conference Board , 1994. Cooper , Robin and Kaplan , Robert S. , Cost and Effect : Using Integrated Cost Systems to Drive Profitability and Performance , Harvard Business School Press , 1998 .
benchmarking in the finance [purpose] : a council report , '' the conference board , 1994. cooper , robin and kaplan , robert s. , cost and effect : using integrated cost systems to drive profitability and performance , harvard business school press , 1998 .

The Changing Global Role of the Finance Function . ''
the changing global role of the finance [purpose] . ''

Reengineering the Finance Function . ''
reengineering the finance [purpose] . ''

Risk management is the term applied to a logical and systematic method of managing risks associated with any activity , function , or process in a way that will enable organizations to minimize losses and maximize opportunities .
risk management is the term applied to a logical and systematic method of managing risks associated with any activity , [purpose] , or process in a way that will enable organizations to minimize losses and maximize opportunities .

WINZ was established in 1998 by combining the income support function from the Department of Social Welfare and the employment services and local employment coordination functions from Amounts included in this report have been converted to U.S. dollars using the following exchange rates , effective April 16 , 2001 , for one U.S. dollar : 0.697064 British pounds , 1.95665 Australian dollars , and 2.43533 New Zealand dollars .
winz was established in 1998 by combining the income support [purpose] from the department of social welfare and the employment services and local employment coordination functions from amounts included in this report have been converted to u.s. dollars using the following exchange rates , effective april 16 , 2001 , for one u.s. dollar : 0.697064 british pounds , 1.95665 australian dollars , and 2.43533 new zealand dollars .

In examining FAA 's efforts to modernize its air traffic control systems , we stated that although FAA has identified an integrated team approach as key to the agency 's efforts to deploy systems that meet performance goals , major offices still tended to function in stovepipes that inhibit an integrated team approach.19 The following are examples of how teams were used in the agency initiatives we reviewed .
in examining faa 's efforts to modernize its air traffic control systems , we stated that although faa has identified an integrated team approach as key to the agency 's efforts to deploy systems that meet performance goals , major offices still tended to [purpose] in stovepipes that inhibit an integrated team approach.19 the following are examples of how teams were used in the agency initiatives we reviewed .

Case Example : Transforming an Organization 's Central Security Focal Point In 1995 , realizing that security was an essential element of its efforts to innovatively use information technology , a major manufacturer significantly reorganized and strengthened its central information security function .
case example : transforming an organization 's central security focal point in 1995 , realizing that security was an essential element of its efforts to innovatively use information technology , a major manufacturer significantly reorganized and strengthened its central information security [purpose] .

However , many information security risks can not be adequately mitigated with technical controls because they are a function of user behavior .
however , many information security risks can not be adequately mitigated with technical controls because they are a [purpose] of user behavior .

The Federal Reserve was established by Act of Congress pursuant to the Government 's sovereign power over the nation 's money , and its investment in Treasury securities is necessary for carrying out its monetary function .
the federal reserve was established by act of congress pursuant to the government 's sovereign power over the nation 's money , and its investment in treasury securities is necessary for carrying out its monetary [purpose] .

In a broad sense , a cost object can be an organizational division , a function , task , product , service , or a customer .
in a broad sense , a cost object can be an organizational division , a [purpose] , task , product , service , or a customer .

Furthermore , we do not agree that disclosure of the limited factual and non-deliberative information we are seeking , such as the names of participants at meetings , would ƒunconstitutionally interfere with the functioning of the executive branch.≈ In support of this proposition , the Vice President « s August 2 letter states that ƒpreservation of the ability of the executive branch to function effectively requires respecting the confidentiality of communications among a President , a Vice President , the President « s other senior advisers and others.≈ However , as we have made clear in several discussions with the Vice President « s representatives , we are not asking for any communications involving the President , the Vice President , or the President « s senior advisers .
furthermore , we do not agree that disclosure of the limited factual and non-deliberative information we are seeking , such as the names of participants at meetings , would ƒunconstitutionally interfere with the functioning of the executive branch.≈ in support of this proposition , the vice president « s august 2 letter states that ƒpreservation of the ability of the executive branch to [purpose] effectively requires respecting the confidentiality of communications among a president , a vice president , the president « s other senior advisers and others.≈ however , as we have made clear in several discussions with the vice president « s representatives , we are not asking for any communications involving the president , the vice president , or the president « s senior advisers .

This enables the President and the Director of the Office and Management and Budget ( OMB ) to preclude a suit by the Comptroller General under certain special conditions.19 As the Senate report explained : ƒ [ W ] ith regard to enforcement actions at the Presidential level , certifications provided for under section 102 ( d ) ( 3 ) [ now section 716 ( d ) ( 1 ) ( C ) ] are intended to authorize the President and the Director of the Office of Management and Budget to preclude a suit by the Comptroller General against the President and his principal advisers and assistants , and against those units within the Executive Office of the President whose sole function is to advise and assist the President , for information which would not be available under the Freedom of Information Act.≈20 16 S. Rep. No .
this enables the president and the director of the office and management and budget ( omb ) to preclude a suit by the comptroller general under certain special conditions.19 as the senate report explained : ƒ [ w ] ith regard to enforcement actions at the presidential level , certifications provided for under section 102 ( d ) ( 3 ) [ now section 716 ( d ) ( 1 ) ( c ) ] are intended to authorize the president and the director of the office of management and budget to preclude a suit by the comptroller general against the president and his principal advisers and assistants , and against those units within the executive office of the president whose sole [purpose] is to advise and assist the president , for information which would not be available under the freedom of information act.≈20 16 s. rep. no .

However , given that all engagements are a function of time , as well as scope and resources , limitations in one require balancing the others .
however , given that all engagements are a [purpose] of time , as well as scope and resources , limitations in one require balancing the others .

Many boards were not perceived to function properly for investor protection , which is a negative reflection on the entire corporate governance process .
many boards were not perceived to [purpose] properly for investor protection , which is a negative reflection on the entire corporate governance process .

For example , management is responsible for the operations of the company and members of the board in their oversight function should have the ability to challenge the CEO in managing the company .
for example , management is responsible for the operations of the company and members of the board in their oversight [purpose] should have the ability to challenge the ceo in managing the company .

To carry out its important function of restoring investor confidence , the SEC may not always be able to attract the right people and retain them under the existing structure .
to carry out its important [purpose] of restoring investor confidence , the sec may not always be able to attract the right people and retain them under the existing structure .

Other immediate priorities should be setting up an inspection function of auditors that audit SEC registrants and determining how standards that govern the work of the accounting profession , such as auditor independence rules and standards for conducting audits , should be set .
other immediate priorities should be setting up an inspection [purpose] of auditors that audit sec registrants and determining how standards that govern the work of the accounting profession , such as auditor independence rules and standards for conducting audits , should be set .

Administrative approvals , on the other hand , refer to the approval function of various aspects of a transaction except for payment authorization .
administrative approvals , on the other hand , refer to the approval [purpose] of various aspects of a transaction except for payment authorization .

Although some agencies have automated part of the receipt and acceptance function , widespread application has not yet occurred .
although some agencies have automated part of the receipt and acceptance [purpose] , widespread application has not yet occurred .

Table 4 : Examples of Prototypes Used by Cummins Inc. at Various Stages of Product Development Product integration Product demonstration Production Prototype Engineering prototypes ( virtual or Production representative prototypes Initial products physical ) Purpose Demonstrate form , fit and function , and Demonstrate the product is capable , Demonstrate ready for full rate a stable design reliable , and manufacturing production processes in statistical control Build environment Engineering Manufacturing Production ( all rate tooling ) ( 1st set of production tooling ) Cummins , the world sales leader in diesel engines over 200 horsepower , effectively uses prototypes to ensure that a design is stable and believes in the value of prototyping throughout product development .
table 4 : examples of prototypes used by cummins inc. at various stages of product development product integration product demonstration production prototype engineering prototypes ( virtual or production representative prototypes initial products physical ) purpose demonstrate form , fit and [purpose] , and demonstrate the product is capable , demonstrate ready for full rate a stable design reliable , and manufacturing production processes in statistical control build environment engineering manufacturing production ( all rate tooling ) ( 1st set of production tooling ) cummins , the world sales leader in diesel engines over 200 horsepower , effectively uses prototypes to ensure that a design is stable and believes in the value of prototyping throughout product development .

Reliability is a function of the specific elements of a product 's design .
reliability is a [purpose] of the specific elements of a product 's design .

Because GAO 's primary function is to support the Congress in carrying out its decision-making and oversight responsibilities , the number of times our experts testify before congressional panels each year is an indicator of our responsiveness and reflects the impact , importance , and value of our work .
because gao 's primary [purpose] is to support the congress in carrying out its decision-making and oversight responsibilities , the number of times our experts testify before congressional panels each year is an indicator of our responsiveness and reflects the impact , importance , and value of our work .

The enclosure does not include the proposed reorganization of the order of presentation to provide a more logical grouping of the standards by function , such as planning , audit documentation , report content , and the audit process .
the enclosure does not include the proposed reorganization of the order of presentation to provide a more logical grouping of the standards by [purpose] , such as planning , audit documentation , report content , and the audit process .

Abuse occurs when the conduct of a government organization , program , activity , or function falls short of societal expectations for prudent behavior .
abuse occurs when the conduct of a government organization , program , activity , or [purpose] falls short of societal expectations for prudent behavior .

Case Example : Transforming an Organization 's Central Security Focal Point In 1995 , realizing that security was an essential element of its efforts to innovatively use information technology , a major manufacturer significantly reorganized and strengthened its central information security function .
case example : transforming an organization 's central security focal point in 1995 , realizing that security was an essential element of its efforts to innovatively use information technology , a major manufacturer significantly reorganized and strengthened its central information security [purpose] .

However , many information security risks can not be adequately mitigated with technical controls because they are a function of user behavior .
however , many information security risks can not be adequately mitigated with technical controls because they are a [purpose] of user behavior .

Specifically , it designated `` lead agencies '' within the federal government to work with private-sector and government entities in each of eight infrastructure sectors and five special function areas .
specifically , it designated `` lead agencies '' within the federal government to work with private-sector and government entities in each of eight infrastructure sectors and five special [purpose] areas .

The five special function areas were ( 1 ) law enforcement and internal security , ( 2 ) intelligence , ( 3 ) foreign affairs , ( 4 ) national defense , and ( 5 ) research and development .
the five special [purpose] areas were ( 1 ) law enforcement and internal security , ( 2 ) intelligence , ( 3 ) foreign affairs , ( 4 ) national defense , and ( 5 ) research and development .

Many of the organizations and the members stated that the personal relationships and contacts developed through participating in information-sharing organizations was as important , if not more important , in developing trust than the information received by attending an organization 's function .
many of the organizations and the members stated that the personal relationships and contacts developed through participating in information-sharing organizations was as important , if not more important , in developing trust than the information received by attending an organization 's [purpose] .

If the general control is inadequate , the application control is unlikely to function properly and could be overridden .
if the general control is inadequate , the application control is unlikely to [purpose] properly and could be overridden .

Deficiencies found during ongoing monitoring or through separate evaluations should be communicated to the individual responsible for the function and also to at least one level of management above that individual .
deficiencies found during ongoing monitoring or through separate evaluations should be communicated to the individual responsible for the [purpose] and also to at least one level of management above that individual .

The construction manager ( CM ) may function either as an `` agency '' CM , or as an `` atrisk '' CM .
the construction manager ( cm ) may [purpose] either as an `` agency '' cm , or as an `` atrisk '' cm .

Lifecycle engineering Does the design represent the most effective balance of cost to construct , cost to start up , cost to operate and maintain , and ( perhaps most important ) the user 's cost to perform the intended function for which the facility is being acquired over the useful life of the facility ?
lifecycle engineering does the design represent the most effective balance of cost to construct , cost to start up , cost to operate and maintain , and ( perhaps most important ) the user 's cost to perform the intended [purpose] for which the facility is being acquired over the useful life of the facility ?

In this situation the auditor should ( 1 ) focus on determining how one or more prototypesor incremental versions function to define the agency 's requirements and ( 2 ) determine how the system development methodology used by the agency controls the prototyping process .
in this situation the auditor should ( 1 ) focus on determining how one or more prototypesor incremental versions [purpose] to define the agency 's requirements and ( 2 ) determine how the system development methodology used by the agency controls the prototyping process .

The models described here require estimates of either the lines of code or number of function points that the new system will include .
the models described here require estimates of either the lines of code or number of [purpose] points that the new system will include .

Source Selection resources managers , and other government personnelEvaluation Board whose primary function is to evaluate proposals ( SSEB ) received in response to an RFP .
source selection resources managers , and other government personnelevaluation board whose primary [purpose] is to evaluate proposals ( sseb ) received in response to an rfp .

Each has its function and can be used to answer certain questions .
each has its [purpose] and can be used to answer certain questions .

Its function is to develop the evaluation questions , measures , designs , and analytic strategy for the bigger study .
its [purpose] is to develop the evaluation questions , measures , designs , and analytic strategy for the bigger study .

A nation 's total output of goods and services , or its GDP , is a function of the hours worked , the capital stock , and total factor productivity .
a nation 's total output of goods and services , or its gdp , is a [purpose] of the hours worked , the capital stock , and total factor productivity .

See Robert M. Solow , `` Technical Change in the Aggregate Production Function , '' Review of Economics and Statistics , Vol .
see robert m. solow , `` technical change in the aggregate production [purpose] , '' review of economics and statistics , vol .

Solow , Robert M. `` Technical Change in the Aggregate Production Function . ''
solow , robert m. `` technical change in the aggregate production [purpose] . ''

The efficient , effective , and innovative use of information technology requires a level of leadership and focus that goes beyond what would be provided in a technical support function .
the efficient , effective , and innovative use of information technology requires a level of leadership and focus that goes beyond what would be provided in a technical support [purpose] .

For example , in principle I , while leading organizations generally include their CIOs in executive business decisionmaking , in the federal government setting information management is still often viewed as a support function rather than a strategic activity .
for example , in principle i , while leading organizations generally include their cios in executive business decisionmaking , in the federal government setting information management is still often viewed as a support [purpose] rather than a strategic activity .

Executives of leading organizations no longer regard technology management as a separate support function and instead strive to understand how investments in information resources are made and how they integrate with other investments and the overall business vision .
executives of leading organizations no longer regard technology management as a separate support [purpose] and instead strive to understand how investments in information resources are made and how they integrate with other investments and the overall business vision .

Increasingly , managers make IT investment decisions based on the value of the investments to their enterprises , not just to a specific business unit or function .
increasingly , managers make it investment decisions based on the value of the investments to their enterprises , not just to a specific business unit or [purpose] .

The company had outsourced its information management function , but lacked the infrastructure to provide strategic direction , discipline , and overall management of information management to ensure optimal implementation and cost .
the company had outsourced its information management [purpose] , but lacked the infrastructure to provide strategic direction , discipline , and overall management of information management to ensure optimal implementation and cost .

By way of improvement , senior executives adopted a new IT strategic direction and focus that tracked back to the company « s business priorities¬ ƒcommon , lean and fast , global , and growth.≈ Senior management then hired a CIO as a change agent , reporting to the Vice Chairman and the company « s senior decision making council , and gave him responsibility for transforming the IT function , thereby making him an enabler of the function and an integral part of the business strategy .
by way of improvement , senior executives adopted a new it strategic direction and focus that tracked back to the company « s business priorities¬ ƒcommon , lean and fast , global , and growth.≈ senior management then hired a cio as a change agent , reporting to the vice chairman and the company « s senior decision making council , and gave him responsibility for transforming the it [purpose] , thereby making him an enabler of the [purpose] and an integral part of the business strategy .

Strategies to Consider Instituting information technology and management as a support function separate from the business is an ineffective and outdated model .
strategies to consider instituting information technology and management as a support [purpose] separate from the business is an ineffective and outdated model .

Three additional phases involve testing the system « s basic data-sharing function and adding new capabilities such as data importing , on-line processing , and document management .
three additional phases involve testing the system « s basic data-sharing [purpose] and adding new capabilities such as data importing , on-line processing , and document management .

JNET « s success has served to legitimize and increase the value of the CIO function to its business counterparts .
jnet « s success has served to legitimize and increase the value of the cio [purpose] to its business counterparts .

The restriction imposed by the statute here threatens severe impairment of the judicial function .
the restriction imposed by the statute here threatens severe impairment of the judicial [purpose] .

In petitioners ' view , the restriction operates neither to maintain the current welfare system nor insulate it from attack ; rather , it helps the current welfare system function in a more efficient and fair manner by removing from the program complex challenges to existing welfare laws .
in petitioners ' view , the restriction operates neither to maintain the current welfare system nor insulate it from attack ; rather , it helps the current welfare system [purpose] in a more efficient and fair manner by removing from the program complex challenges to existing welfare laws .

It also threatens severe impairment of the judicial function by sifting out cases presenting constitutional challenges in order to insulate the Government 's laws from judicial inquiry .
it also threatens severe impairment of the judicial [purpose] by sifting out cases presenting constitutional challenges in order to insulate the government 's laws from judicial inquiry .

An essential function of these bodies is establishing public-private coalitions to maximize grantees ' ability to leverage their federal investment .
an essential [purpose] of these bodies is establishing public-private coalitions to maximize grantees ' ability to leverage their federal investment .

It is not the mandated , nondistortable function of the courts to inquire into all `` serious questions of statutory validity '' in all cases .
it is not the mandated , nondistortable [purpose] of the courts to inquire into all `` serious questions of statutory validity '' in all cases .

LSC 's Board recognizes the value of the Inspector General function and remains committed to working with the OIG to achieve our goal of providing high quality legal assistance to the poor of our nation .
lsc 's board recognizes the value of the inspector general [purpose] and remains committed to working with the oig to achieve our goal of providing high quality legal assistance to the poor of our nation .

The first function acts as a forum for finding volunteers for such activities as consulting on cases , handling economic development transactions or working on intake systems .
the first [purpose] acts as a forum for finding volunteers for such activities as consulting on cases , handling economic development transactions or working on intake systems .

The second website function supports volunteers who are uncomfortable in a new area of law and need guidance and direction .
the second website [purpose] supports volunteers who are uncomfortable in a new area of law and need guidance and direction .

We also show how the advocate component of statewide websites promotes effective representation by sharing legal resources and expertise - generally a function of legal work supervisors .
we also show how the advocate component of statewide websites promotes effective representation by sharing legal resources and expertise - generally a [purpose] of legal work supervisors .

The reviews will allow LSC to more effectively execute its compliance function and ensure the accuracy of CSR reporting by its grantees .
the reviews will allow lsc to more effectively execute its compliance [purpose] and ensure the accuracy of csr reporting by its grantees .

At the present time , Illinois has a Pro Bono Center whose function is to work with the organized bar and legal services programs in encouraging participation in existing pro bono programs as well as to help develop new pro bono programs in Illinois .
at the present time , illinois has a pro bono center whose [purpose] is to work with the organized bar and legal services programs in encouraging participation in existing pro bono programs as well as to help develop new pro bono programs in illinois .

The overarching values underlying this three year plan included : ( 1 ) the need for legal services programs in New Jersey to function as a `` concerted , coherent , closely coordinated legal assistance delivery system ; '' ( 2 ) the need to develop additional resources to expand access and improve quality of services within the state ; ( 3 ) the need to incorporate the views of clients and key partners in making major decisions about how to design and implement a system of high quality comprehensive legal services ; and ( 4 ) 100 % access for clients throughout the state .
the overarching values underlying this three year plan included : ( 1 ) the need for legal services programs in new jersey to [purpose] as a `` concerted , coherent , closely coordinated legal assistance delivery system ; '' ( 2 ) the need to develop additional resources to expand access and improve quality of services within the state ; ( 3 ) the need to incorporate the views of clients and key partners in making major decisions about how to design and implement a system of high quality comprehensive legal services ; and ( 4 ) 100 % access for clients throughout the state .

The repeatability or precision of toxicity tests is also a function of the number of test organisms used at each toxicant concentration .
the repeatability or precision of toxicity tests is also a [purpose] of the number of test organisms used at each toxicant concentration .

The repeatability or precision of toxicity tests is also a function of the number of test organisms used at each toxicant concentration .
the repeatability or precision of toxicity tests is also a [purpose] of the number of test organisms used at each toxicant concentration .

The concentration ( mg/L ) of unionized ( free ) ammonia in a sample is a function of temperature and pH , and is calculated using the percentage value obtained from Table 5 , under the appropriate pH and temperature , and multiplying it by the concentration ( mg/L ) of total ammonia in the sample .
the concentration ( mg/l ) of unionized ( free ) ammonia in a sample is a [purpose] of temperature and ph , and is calculated using the percentage value obtained from table 5 , under the appropriate ph and temperature , and multiplying it by the concentration ( mg/l ) of total ammonia in the sample .

The width of the NOEC-LOEC interval is a function of the dilution series , and differs greatly depending on whether a dilution factor of 0.3 or 0.5 is used in the test design .
the width of the noec-loec interval is a [purpose] of the dilution series , and differs greatly depending on whether a dilution factor of 0.3 or 0.5 is used in the test design .

The concentration ( mg/L ) of un-ionized ( free ) ammonia in a sample is a function of temperature and pH , and is calculated using the percentage value obtained from Table 5 , under the appropriate pH and temperature , and multiplying it by the concentration ( mg/L ) of total ammonia in the sample .
the concentration ( mg/l ) of un-ionized ( free ) ammonia in a sample is a [purpose] of temperature and ph , and is calculated using the percentage value obtained from table 5 , under the appropriate ph and temperature , and multiplying it by the concentration ( mg/l ) of total ammonia in the sample .

The width of the NOEC-LOEC interval is a function of the dilution series , and differs greatly depending on whether a dilution factor of 0.3 or 0.5 is used in the test design .
the width of the noec-loec interval is a [purpose] of the dilution series , and differs greatly depending on whether a dilution factor of 0.3 or 0.5 is used in the test design .

The endpoints that have been considered in tests to determine the adverse effects of toxicants include death and survival , decreased reproduction and growth , locomotor activity , gill ventilation rate , heart rate , blood chemistry , histopathology , enzyme activity , olfactory function , and terata .
the endpoints that have been considered in tests to determine the adverse effects of toxicants include death and survival , decreased reproduction and growth , locomotor activity , gill ventilation rate , heart rate , blood chemistry , histopathology , enzyme activity , olfactory [purpose] , and terata .

The endpoints that have been considered in tests to determine the adverse effects of toxicants include death and survival , decreased reproduction and growth , locomotor activity , gill ventilation rate , heart rate , blood chemistry , histopathology , enzyme activity , olfactory function , and terata .
the endpoints that have been considered in tests to determine the adverse effects of toxicants include death and survival , decreased reproduction and growth , locomotor activity , gill ventilation rate , heart rate , blood chemistry , histopathology , enzyme activity , olfactory [purpose] , and terata .

The repeatability or precision of toxicity tests is also a function of the number of test organisms used at each toxicant concentration .
the repeatability or precision of toxicity tests is also a [purpose] of the number of test organisms used at each toxicant concentration .

In turn , this will avoid incidences of premature mortality , aggravation of respiratory and cardiopulmonary illnesses , and diminished lung function which results in lost work days , school absences and increased hospitalizations and emergency room visits , and will also avoid damage to eco-systems , fish and other wildlife .
in turn , this will avoid incidences of premature mortality , aggravation of respiratory and cardiopulmonary illnesses , and diminished lung [purpose] which results in lost work days , school absences and increased hospitalizations and emergency room visits , and will also avoid damage to eco-systems , fish and other wildlife .

REMSAD also gives visibility , which is used as an input into the visibility damage function .
remsad also gives visibility , which is used as an input into the visibility damage [purpose] .

The unquantified benefits for ozone and PM fall into two categories : ( 1 ) those for which the scientific literature does not provide an established Concentration-Response ( C-R ) function capable of estimating health effects with reasonable certainty and ( 2 ) those effects that may double-count benefits ( e.g. , hospital admissions for specific cardiovascular illnesses ) .
the unquantified benefits for ozone and pm fall into two categories : ( 1 ) those for which the scientific literature does not provide an established concentration-response ( c-r ) [purpose] capable of estimating health effects with reasonable certainty and ( 2 ) those effects that may double-count benefits ( e.g. , hospital admissions for specific cardiovascular illnesses ) .

Pollutant Quantified Health Effects Unquantified Health Effects Ozone Minor restricted activity days Hospital admissions-Respiratory and Cardiovascular Emergency room visits for asthma Asthma attacks Mortality Increased airway responsiveness to stimuli Inflammation in the lung Chronic respiratory damage / Premature aging of the lungs Acute inflammation and respiratory cell damage Increased susceptibility to respiratory infection Respiratory symptoms Chronic asthma ( new cases ) Non-asthma respiratory emergency room visits Particulate Matter ( PM10 , PM2.5 ) Chronic Premature Mortality* Acute Premature Mortality ‡* Bronchitis - Chronic and Acute Hospital admissions - Respiratory and Cardiovascular Emergency room visits for asthma Lower and Upper respiratory illness Asthma Attacks Respiratory symptoms Minor restricted activity days** Days of work loss Changes in pulmonary function Neonatal mortality Low birth weight Chronic respiratory diseases other than chronic bronchitis Morphological changes Altered host defense mechanisms Moderate or worse asthma status ( asthmatics ) Shortness of breath Lung cancer Acute myocardial infarction Cardiac arrhythmias School absence days Mercury Neurological disorders Learning disabilities Retarded development Cerebral palsy Cardiovascular effects Altered blood pressure regulation Increased heart rate variability Myocardial infarctions Damage to the immune system Altered renal function and renal hypertrophy Reproductive effects Nitrogen Oxides Respiratory illness Hospital Admissions -All Respiratory and All Cardiovascular Non-asthma respiratory emergency room visits Increased airway responsiveness to stimuli Chronic respiratory damage / Premature aging of the lungs Inflammation of the lung Increased susceptibility to respiratory infection Acute inflammation and respiratory cell damage Sulfur Dioxide Hospital Admissions -All Respiratory and All Cardiovascular In exercising asthmatics : Chest tightness , Shortness of breath , or Wheezing Non-asthma respiratory emergency room visits Changes in pulmonary function Respiratory symptoms in non-asthmatics ‡ Quantified as an alternative or supplemental calculation .
pollutant quantified health effects unquantified health effects ozone minor restricted activity days hospital admissions-respiratory and cardiovascular emergency room visits for asthma asthma attacks mortality increased airway responsiveness to stimuli inflammation in the lung chronic respiratory damage / premature aging of the lungs acute inflammation and respiratory cell damage increased susceptibility to respiratory infection respiratory symptoms chronic asthma ( new cases ) non-asthma respiratory emergency room visits particulate matter ( pm10 , pm2.5 ) chronic premature mortality* acute premature mortality ‡* bronchitis - chronic and acute hospital admissions - respiratory and cardiovascular emergency room visits for asthma lower and upper respiratory illness asthma attacks respiratory symptoms minor restricted activity days** days of work loss changes in pulmonary [purpose] neonatal mortality low birth weight chronic respiratory diseases other than chronic bronchitis morphological changes altered host defense mechanisms moderate or worse asthma status ( asthmatics ) shortness of breath lung cancer acute myocardial infarction cardiac arrhythmias school absence days mercury neurological disorders learning disabilities retarded development cerebral palsy cardiovascular effects altered blood pressure regulation increased heart rate variability myocardial infarctions damage to the immune system altered renal [purpose] and renal hypertrophy reproductive effects nitrogen oxides respiratory illness hospital admissions -all respiratory and all cardiovascular non-asthma respiratory emergency room visits increased airway responsiveness to stimuli chronic respiratory damage / premature aging of the lungs inflammation of the lung increased susceptibility to respiratory infection acute inflammation and respiratory cell damage sulfur dioxide hospital admissions -all respiratory and all cardiovascular in exercising asthmatics : chest tightness , shortness of breath , or wheezing non-asthma respiratory emergency room visits changes in pulmonary [purpose] respiratory symptoms in non-asthmatics ‡ quantified as an alternative or supplemental calculation .

Both the form of the C-R function and the fourth input value are derived from epidemiological studies in the scientific literature that link pollutant exposures with adverse health effects .
both the form of the c-r [purpose] and the fourth input value are derived from epidemiological studies in the scientific literature that link pollutant exposures with adverse health effects .

Selecting a C-R function from a study that considered all ages will avoid omitting the benefits associated with any population age category .
selecting a c-r [purpose] from a study that considered all ages will avoid omitting the benefits associated with any population age category .

Economically valuable health Some health effects , such as forced expiratory volume and other technical measurements of effects lung function , are difficult to value in monetary terms .
economically valuable health some health effects , such as forced expiratory volume and other technical measurements of effects lung [purpose] , are difficult to value in monetary terms .

This applies to both C-R relationships defined by a single C-R function and those defined by a pooling of multiple C-R functions .
this applies to both c-r relationships defined by a single c-r [purpose] and those defined by a pooling of multiple c-r functions .

A single function applied everywhere may result in overestimates of incidence changes in some locations and underestimates elsewhere , but these location-specific biases will negate each other , to some extent , when the total incidence change is calculated .
a single [purpose] applied everywhere may result in overestimates of incidence changes in some locations and underestimates elsewhere , but these location-specific biases will negate each other , to some extent , when the total incidence change is calculated .

It is not possible to know the extent or direction of the bias in the total incidence change based on the general application of a single C-R function everywhere .
it is not possible to know the extent or direction of the bias in the total incidence change based on the general application of a single c-r [purpose] everywhere .

The particular specification estimated a C-R function based on changes in mean levels of PM2.5 , as opposed to the function in the original study , which used median levels .
the particular specification estimated a c-r [purpose] based on changes in mean levels of pm2.5 , as opposed to the [purpose] in the original study , which used median levels .

For these reasons , the present analysis uses the same Concentration-Response function in developing the Base Estimate of mortality benefits .
for these reasons , the present analysis uses the same concentration-response [purpose] in developing the base estimate of mortality benefits .

Instead , it assumes that the full impact of fine particles on premature mortality can be captured using a concentration-response function relating daily mortality to short-term fine particle levels .
instead , it assumes that the full impact of fine particles on premature mortality can be captured using a concentration-response [purpose] relating daily mortality to short-term fine particle levels .

Specifically , a concentration-response function based on Schwartz et al .
specifically , a concentration-response [purpose] based on schwartz et al .

Given that the emissions reductions under the Clear Skies Act result primarily in reduced ambient concentrations of PM2.5 , use of a PM10 based C-R function results in a significant downward bias in the estimated reductions in mortality .
given that the emissions reductions under the clear skies act result primarily in reduced ambient concentrations of pm2.5 , use of a pm10 based c-r [purpose] results in a significant downward bias in the estimated reductions in mortality .

To account for the full potential multi-day mortality impact of acute PM2.5 events , we use the distributed lag model for PM10 reported in Schwartz ( 2000 ) to develop an adjustment factor which we then apply to the PM2.5 based C-R function reported in Schwartz et al .
to account for the full potential multi-day mortality impact of acute pm2.5 events , we use the distributed lag model for pm10 reported in schwartz ( 2000 ) to develop an adjustment factor which we then apply to the pm2.5 based c-r [purpose] reported in schwartz et al .

Following the same approaches of the Heavy-Duty Engine/Diesel Fuel RIA ( U.S. EPA , 2000b ) and the Section 812 Prospective Report ( US EPA , 1999a ) , this analysis pooled estimates from these two studies to develop a C-R function linking PM to chronic bronchitis .
following the same approaches of the heavy-duty engine/diesel fuel ria ( u.s. epa , 2000b ) and the section 812 prospective report ( us epa , 1999a ) , this analysis pooled estimates from these two studies to develop a c-r [purpose] linking pm to chronic bronchitis .

Following the approach of the Section 812 Prospective Report , we estimated the percentage change in the prevalence rate for chronic bronchitis using the estimated coefficient from Schwartz 's study in a C-R function , and then applied this percentage change to a baseline incidence rate obtained from another source .
following the approach of the section 812 prospective report , we estimated the percentage change in the prevalence rate for chronic bronchitis using the estimated coefficient from schwartz 's study in a c-r [purpose] , and then applied this percentage change to a baseline incidence rate obtained from another source .

They then fit VSL as a function of age and extrapolate outside the range of the data to obtain ratios for the very old .
they then fit vsl as a [purpose] of age and extrapolate outside the range of the data to obtain ratios for the very old .

Application of C-R Relationship Nationwide Whether this analysis estimated the C-R relationship between a pollutant and a given health endpoint using a single function from a single study or using multiple C-R functions from several studies , each C-R relationship was applied uniformly throughout the U.S. to generate health benefit estimates .
application of c-r relationship nationwide whether this analysis estimated the c-r relationship between a pollutant and a given health endpoint using a single [purpose] from a single study or using multiple c-r functions from several studies , each c-r relationship was applied uniformly throughout the u.s. to generate health benefit estimates .

However , to the extent that pollutant/health effect relationships are region-specific , applying a location-specific C-R function at all locations in the U.S. may result in overestimates of health effect changes in some locations and underestimates of health effect changes in other locations .
however , to the extent that pollutant/health effect relationships are region-specific , applying a location-specific c-r [purpose] at all locations in the u.s. may result in overestimates of health effect changes in some locations and underestimates of health effect changes in other locations .

It is not possible , however , to know the extent or direction of the overall effect on health benefit estimates introduced by application of a single C-R function to the entire U.S .
it is not possible , however , to know the extent or direction of the overall effect on health benefit estimates introduced by application of a single c-r [purpose] to the entire u.s .

C Shape of the C-R Function .
c shape of the c-r [purpose] .

The shape of the true PM mortality C-R function is uncertain , but this analysis assumes the C-R function to have a log-linear form ( as derived from the literature ) throughout the relevant range of exposures .
the shape of the true pm mortality c-r [purpose] is uncertain , but this analysis assumes the c-r [purpose] to have a log-linear form ( as derived from the literature ) throughout the relevant range of exposures .

If this is not the correct form of the C-R function , or if certain scenarios predict concentrations well above the range of values for which the C-R function was fitted , avoided mortality may be misestimated .
if this is not the correct form of the c-r [purpose] , or if certain scenarios predict concentrations well above the range of values for which the c-r [purpose] was fitted , avoided mortality may be misestimated .

If true regional differences exist , applying the PM/Mortality C-R function to regions outside the study location could result in mis-estimation of effects in these regions .
if true regional differences exist , applying the pm/mortality c-r [purpose] to regions outside the study location could result in mis-estimation of effects in these regions .

The first alternative C-R function is based on the relative risk of 1.16 from the `` Fine Particles Alone , Regional Adjustment Random Effects '' model reported in Table 46 of the HEI report .
the first alternative c-r [purpose] is based on the relative risk of 1.16 from the `` fine particles alone , regional adjustment random effects '' model reported in table 46 of the hei report .

This C-R function is a reasonable specification to explore the impact of adjustments for broad regional correlations .
this c-r [purpose] is a reasonable specification to explore the impact of adjustments for broad regional correlations .

Thus , the estimates of avoided incidences of premature mortality based on this C-R function may underestimate the true effect .
thus , the estimates of avoided incidences of premature mortality based on this c-r [purpose] may underestimate the true effect .

B This C-R function is included as a reasonable specification to explore the impact of adjustments for broad regional correlations , which have been identified as important factors in correctly specifying the PM mortality C-R function .
b this c-r [purpose] is included as a reasonable specification to explore the impact of adjustments for broad regional correlations , which have been identified as important factors in correctly specifying the pm mortality c-r [purpose] .

C-R function was used to estimate reductions in premature mortality for the Tier 2/Gasoline Sulfur benefits analysis .
c-r [purpose] was used to estimate reductions in premature mortality for the tier 2/gasoline sulfur benefits analysis .

B This C-R function is included as a reasonable specification to explore the impact of adjustments for broad regional correlations , which have been identified as important factors in correctly specifying the PM mortality C-R function .
b this c-r [purpose] is included as a reasonable specification to explore the impact of adjustments for broad regional correlations , which have been identified as important factors in correctly specifying the pm mortality c-r [purpose] .

C-R function was used to estimate reductions in premature mortality for the Tier 2/Gasoline Sulfur benefits analysis .
c-r [purpose] was used to estimate reductions in premature mortality for the tier 2/gasoline sulfur benefits analysis .

Fourth , we conducted a quantitative sensitivity test on one aspect of the PM-mortality dose-response function .
fourth , we conducted a quantitative sensitivity test on one aspect of the pm-mortality dose-response [purpose] .

One important assumption that we adopted for the threshold sensitivity analysis is that no adjustments are made to the shape of the concentration-response function above the assumed threshold .
one important assumption that we adopted for the threshold sensitivity analysis is that no adjustments are made to the shape of the concentration-response [purpose] above the assumed threshold .

If there were actually a threshold , then the shape of the C-R function above the threshold would likely change .
if there were actually a threshold , then the shape of the c-r [purpose] above the threshold would likely change .

Ideally , developing a cost model for the 20 plus industrial posts would involve collecting data on many individual cost elements from each and using regression analysis to estimate the coefficients of a cost function .
ideally , developing a cost model for the 20 plus industrial posts would involve collecting data on many individual cost elements from each and using regression analysis to estimate the coefficients of a cost [purpose] .

A plot of that cost function reveals the classic hyperbolic shape with unit costs increasing more rapidly as volume per capita declines because of the loss of economies of scale .
a plot of that cost [purpose] reveals the classic hyperbolic shape with unit costs increasing more rapidly as volume per capita declines because of the loss of economies of scale .

To create a total cost function , we use FY 1999 U.S .
to create a total cost [purpose] , we use fy 1999 u.s .

This produces annual cost functions for each of the major postal activities and a total cost function .
this produces annual cost functions for each of the major postal activities and a total cost [purpose] .

The cost function in U.S. dollars is :
the cost [purpose] in u.s. dollars is :

The total cost function can be used to estimate average unit cost by dividing the terms by V : Average Unit Cost = 0.2089 + ( 74.31 P / V ) .
the total cost [purpose] can be used to estimate average unit cost by dividing the terms by v : average unit cost = 0.2089 + ( 74.31 p / v ) .

The percent of total cost for each function included in the model and cost elasticity ( with respect to volume ) are shown in Table 1 .
the percent of total cost for each [purpose] included in the model and cost elasticity ( with respect to volume ) are shown in table 1 .

The U.S. cost elasticities in Table 1 , when applied to the accrued costs of each function , determine the coefficients in the cost function , which in turn generate the unique shape of the unit cost function ( Figure 1 ) .
the u.s. cost elasticities in table 1 , when applied to the accrued costs of each [purpose] , determine the coefficients in the cost [purpose] , which in turn generate the unique shape of the unit cost [purpose] ( figure 1 ) .

The total cost for an individual country can be expressed as a function of pieces per capita by rewriting the above basic total cost equation as : Total Cost for country `` i '' = ( 0.2089 Pi ) ( V/Pi ) + 74.31 Pi , where Pi = population for country `` i '' , 0.2089Pi = slope 74.31Pi = intercept .
the total cost for an individual country can be expressed as a [purpose] of pieces per capita by rewriting the above basic total cost equation as : total cost for country `` i '' = ( 0.2089 pi ) ( v/pi ) + 74.31 pi , where pi = population for country `` i '' , 0.2089pi = slope 74.31pi = intercept .

If country A has twice as many inhabitants as country B , then the slope and intercept of A 's cost function will be twice as large as the slope and intercept of B 's cost function .
if country a has twice as many inhabitants as country b , then the slope and intercept of a 's cost [purpose] will be twice as large as the slope and intercept of b 's cost [purpose] .

The top line represents delivery cost percentage ( of total cost ) as a function of pieces per capita as predicted by our cost model .
the top line represents delivery cost percentage ( of total cost ) as a [purpose] of pieces per capita as predicted by our cost model .

The sensitivity of cost to volume for a postal system can be investigated directly provided the ratio of fixed to variable costs is known by function .
the sensitivity of cost to volume for a postal system can be investigated directly provided the ratio of fixed to variable costs is known by [purpose] .

When the average unit cost is graphed as a function of volume per capita one obtains a curve with a parabolic shape .
when the average unit cost is graphed as a [purpose] of volume per capita one obtains a curve with a parabolic shape .

Table 2 : U.S. Fixed/Variable Cost By Major Function a ( FY 1999 )
table 2 : u.s. fixed/variable cost by major [purpose] a ( fy 1999 )

Figure 2 : M odeled Variabilities by Function B enchm arked by U .S .
figure 2 : m odeled variabilities by [purpose] b enchm arked by u .s .

The model is designed to define average unit cost as a function of volume ( Q ) , based on the USPS cost structure for FY 1999 .
the model is designed to define average unit cost as a [purpose] of volume ( q ) , based on the usps cost structure for fy 1999 .

Figure 1 displays the minutes per box per day as a function of density .
figure 1 displays the minutes per box per day as a [purpose] of density .

Observers familiar with Postal Rate Commission costing procedures will recognize that rural delivery cost per box includes the attributable and institutional costs associated with that function .
observers familiar with postal rate commission costing procedures will recognize that rural delivery cost per box includes the attributable and institutional costs associated with that [purpose] .

These are the attributable ( direct and indirect ) costs arising from the delivery function .
these are the attributable ( direct and indirect ) costs arising from the delivery [purpose] .

Delivery cost heterogeneity is an essential condition for inefficient entry and the degree of the heterogeneity would play an important role in determining the vulnerability to inefficient entry.1 The delivery function is the most important source of inherent cost differences between the geographic areas served by a post and , indeed between posts themselves .
delivery cost heterogeneity is an essential condition for inefficient entry and the degree of the heterogeneity would play an important role in determining the vulnerability to inefficient entry.1 the delivery [purpose] is the most important source of inherent cost differences between the geographic areas served by a post and , indeed between posts themselves .

UNIT COST BEHAVIOR The La Poste simulation model and the cost function developed for the USPS , described above , provide alternative means of estimating average unit costs over a range of volumes per delivery point and postal densities .
unit cost behavior the la poste simulation model and the cost [purpose] developed for the usps , described above , provide alternative means of estimating average unit costs over a range of volumes per delivery point and postal densities .

Figure 6 displays the average unit costs generated with the cost function for the USPS .
figure 6 displays the average unit costs generated with the cost [purpose] for the usps .

Digression on Economic Model of Household Behavior Each household is assumed to have a demand function for each good which depends on the prices of all goods , the household 's budgeted total expenditure and observable and unobservable characteristics of the household Let p , p , ... , p be the prices for goods household purchases , M be the 12 K household 's budgeted total expenditure and A , A , ... , A are the attributes 12 N ( observable and unobservable characteristics ) of the household .
digression on economic model of household behavior each household is assumed to have a demand [purpose] for each good which depends on the prices of all goods , the household 's budgeted total expenditure and observable and unobservable characteristics of the household let p , p , ... , p be the prices for goods household purchases , m be the 12 k household 's budgeted total expenditure and a , a , ... , a are the attributes 12 n ( observable and unobservable characteristics ) of the household .

Define the household 's demand function for the ith ( i=1 , ... , K ) good x * = D ( p , p , ... , p , M , A , A , ... , A ) i i12K 12 N the amount each good , x , the household consumes .
define the household 's demand [purpose] for the ith ( i=1 , ... , k ) good x * = d ( p , p , ... , p , m , a , a , ... , a ) i i12k 12 n the amount each good , x , the household consumes .

Using econometric modeling techniques applied to our sample of households , we are able recover an estimate of the demand function x * = D ( p , p , ... , p , M , A , A , ... , A ) i i12K 12 N for each household in the sample .
using econometric modeling techniques applied to our sample of households , we are able recover an estimate of the demand [purpose] x * = d ( p , p , ... , p , m , a , a , ... , a ) i i12k 12 n for each household in the sample .

Elasticity concept can be extended to any other variable in household 's demand function Expenditure elasticity of Demand = One percent increase in the household 's total expenditure , M , brings about what percentage change in household-level demand for good j , Dj For each US household can compute an estimate of its own-price and crossprice elasticities of demand and the expenditure elasticity of demand .
elasticity concept can be extended to any other variable in household 's demand [purpose] expenditure elasticity of demand = one percent increase in the household 's total expenditure , m , brings about what percentage change in household-level demand for good j , dj for each us household can compute an estimate of its own-price and crossprice elasticities of demand and the expenditure elasticity of demand .

Aggregate Demand Function for the Household Sector Using BLS weights , can compute an estimate of the aggregate US population demand function for postage from the household sector as the weighted sum of sample household level-demand functions Can compute own-price and cross-price elasticities of aggregate household demand for postage using this aggregate demand function .
aggregate demand [purpose] for the household sector using bls weights , can compute an estimate of the aggregate us population demand [purpose] for postage from the household sector as the weighted sum of sample household level-demand functions can compute own-price and cross-price elasticities of aggregate household demand for postage using this aggregate demand [purpose] .

One alternative would be to turn this function over to the Department of Justice .
one alternative would be to turn this [purpose] over to the department of justice .

Introduction The delivery function is comparatively new to modern postal services .
introduction the delivery [purpose] is comparatively new to modern postal services .

On the other hand , monopolies can be harmful to consumers when they protect technically inefficient behavior , and allow economic rents to be extracted.3 This paper sets up a framework to examine the following question : Do the economies of scale in the delivery function exceed the technical inefficiencies and economic rents of the Postal Service ?
on the other hand , monopolies can be harmful to consumers when they protect technically inefficient behavior , and allow economic rents to be extracted.3 this paper sets up a framework to examine the following question : do the economies of scale in the delivery [purpose] exceed the technical inefficiencies and economic rents of the postal service ?

In short , does the monopoly increase or decrease the price of postal services to postal customers ? 4 This paper measures the returns to scale of the U.S. delivery function .
in short , does the monopoly increase or decrease the price of postal services to postal customers ? 4 this paper measures the returns to scale of the u.s. delivery [purpose] .

This paper provides a quantification of the barrier to entry in the letter mail market in the United States caused by high fixed costs in the delivery function .
this paper provides a quantification of the barrier to entry in the letter mail market in the united states caused by high fixed costs in the delivery [purpose] .

The Uniqueness of the Delivery Function We distinguish what is known in the U.S. as the `` in-office '' delivery function and the street delivery function .
the uniqueness of the delivery [purpose] we distinguish what is known in the u.s. as the `` in-office '' delivery [purpose] and the street delivery [purpose] .

John Panzar has characterized street delivery as a bottleneck function because a single firm can deliver to a recipient at a lower total cost than multiple firms delivering to the same customer .
john panzar has characterized street delivery as a bottleneck [purpose] because a single firm can deliver to a recipient at a lower total cost than multiple firms delivering to the same customer .

In addition , discounts encourage bulk advertising mailers to sort their mail all the way to the carrier 's walk sequence , thereby avoiding the carrier `` in-office '' function .
in addition , discounts encourage bulk advertising mailers to sort their mail all the way to the carrier 's walk sequence , thereby avoiding the carrier `` in-office '' [purpose] .

The coverage function shown in Figure 1 models the change in the percentage of possible stops that are accessed on a route as a result of changes in volume .
the coverage [purpose] shown in figure 1 models the change in the percentage of possible stops that are accessed on a route as a result of changes in volume .

Marginal access cost can be estimated from the coverage function .
marginal access cost can be estimated from the coverage [purpose] .

Measure of Scale Economies Our methodology for measuring scale economies essentially compares the cost of providing delivery by a single firm with the cost of providing delivery by two firms.18 We measure the returns to scale in the U.S. postal delivery function by first determining the total cost of delivery provided by the Postal Service .
measure of scale economies our methodology for measuring scale economies essentially compares the cost of providing delivery by a single firm with the cost of providing delivery by two firms.18 we measure the returns to scale in the u.s. postal delivery [purpose] by first determining the total cost of delivery provided by the postal service .

The Postal Service developed the coverage function and first used it in the Docket No .
the postal service developed the coverage [purpose] and first used it in the docket no .

Access cost variability is estimated from the coverage function shown in Figure 1 .
access cost variability is estimated from the coverage [purpose] shown in figure 1 .

Beginning in the early 1980s and continuing to the present , about $ 5 billion has been invested to automated mail processing , including the in-office carrier sequence function and forwarding for undeliverable-as-addressed mail .
beginning in the early 1980s and continuing to the present , about $ 5 billion has been invested to automated mail processing , including the in-office carrier sequence [purpose] and forwarding for undeliverable-as-addressed mail .

Figure 3 presents the same information considering the street function alone .
figure 3 presents the same information considering the street [purpose] alone .

Wachter 's wage premium amounts to only $ 2.3 billion for the delivery function alone .
wachter 's wage premium amounts to only $ 2.3 billion for the delivery [purpose] alone .

This assumes that the coverage function ( Figure 1 ) , developed from an analysis of delivery routes in the U.S. , is valid for the other countries included in this analysis .
this assumes that the coverage [purpose] ( figure 1 ) , developed from an analysis of delivery routes in the u.s. , is valid for the other countries included in this analysis .

Note : Assumes fixed costs are incurred only in the delivery function .
note : assumes fixed costs are incurred only in the delivery [purpose] .

For each of the 21 countries in the international data set described above , we calculate the value of scale in the delivery function using the same approach we used for the U.S. with a slight modification .
for each of the 21 countries in the international data set described above , we calculate the value of scale in the delivery [purpose] using the same approach we used for the u.s. with a slight modification .

This is calculated using volume per possible stops data and the coverage function .
this is calculated using volume per possible stops data and the coverage [purpose] .

If the wage premium measure is valid , then seven countries have a wage premium alone which exceeds the value of scale in the delivery function ; Australia , Austria , France , Japan , Luxembourg , Switzerland and the United States .
if the wage premium measure is valid , then seven countries have a wage premium alone which exceeds the value of scale in the delivery [purpose] ; australia , austria , france , japan , luxembourg , switzerland and the united states .

TECHNICAL APPENDIX A. Estimating the Coverage Function 1 .
technical appendix a. estimating the coverage [purpose] 1 .

The coverage model specification is as follows : COVi = 1 - e -b*PPSi ( 1 ) where , COVi = ASi / PSi ASi = Number of actual stops on route i PSi = Number of possible stops on route i PPSi = Number of pieces per possible stop on route i Since coverage can not exceed 100 percent , we have specified an exponential function .
the coverage model specification is as follows : covi = 1 - e -b*ppsi ( 1 ) where , covi = asi / psi asi = number of actual stops on route i psi = number of possible stops on route i ppsi = number of pieces per possible stop on route i since coverage can not exceed 100 percent , we have specified an exponential [purpose] .

Scale Economies for the U.S. We measure the returns to scale in the U.S. postal delivery function by first determining the total cost of delivery provided by the Postal Service : SCm = RCm + ECm + fm * ACm + vm * ACm ( 2 ) where , SCm = street delivery cost RCm = route time cost ECm = elemental load cost ACm = access cost ( also includes coverage-related load cost ) vm = variable portion of access cost = ( ( e -b*PPS * ( b * PPS ) / ( 1 - e -b*PPS ) ) ) fm = fixed portion of access cost = ( 1 - vm ) m = designates the monopoly case For the year 1993 , street delivery cost totaled about $ 10.07 billion : SCm = RCm + ECm + fm * ACm + vm * ACm ( 2 ) = 2.95 + 1.91 + 0.8 ( 5.20 ) + 0.2 ( 5.20 ) = 10.07 Next , we determine the total cost of delivery performed by the Postal Service and a second firm that we assume to be equally efficient .
scale economies for the u.s. we measure the returns to scale in the u.s. postal delivery [purpose] by first determining the total cost of delivery provided by the postal service : scm = rcm + ecm + fm * acm + vm * acm ( 2 ) where , scm = street delivery cost rcm = route time cost ecm = elemental load cost acm = access cost ( also includes coverage-related load cost ) vm = variable portion of access cost = ( ( e -b*pps * ( b * pps ) / ( 1 - e -b*pps ) ) ) fm = fixed portion of access cost = ( 1 - vm ) m = designates the monopoly case for the year 1993 , street delivery cost totaled about $ 10.07 billion : scm = rcm + ecm + fm * acm + vm * acm ( 2 ) = 2.95 + 1.91 + 0.8 ( 5.20 ) + 0.2 ( 5.20 ) = 10.07 next , we determine the total cost of delivery performed by the postal service and a second firm that we assume to be equally efficient .

Starting with a productive hourly rate of $ 25.25 for city carriers , we calculate a cost per residential delivery route of $ 266 per delivery day.25 The cost we calculate can be considered to be the avoided cost or the incremental cost of the city delivery function .
starting with a productive hourly rate of $ 25.25 for city carriers , we calculate a cost per residential delivery route of $ 266 per delivery day.25 the cost we calculate can be considered to be the avoided cost or the incremental cost of the city delivery [purpose] .

Its cost per delivered piece would be a function of its cost of labor and productivity .
its cost per delivered piece would be a [purpose] of its cost of labor and productivity .

This function is rapidly being automated for letter size mail in the U.S .
this [purpose] is rapidly being automated for letter size mail in the u.s .

Most other national postal administrations would have a greater percentage of fixed costs because they have fewer pieces per possible delivery.37 The columns display cream skimmers ' costs as a function of U.S .
most other national postal administrations would have a greater percentage of fixed costs because they have fewer pieces per possible delivery.37 the columns display cream skimmers ' costs as a [purpose] of u.s .

This is the cost for the delivery function .
this is the cost for the delivery [purpose] .

The variable cost of carrier route advertising mail comes predominantly from the delivery function ( in-office and out-of-office ) .
the variable cost of carrier route advertising mail comes predominantly from the delivery [purpose] ( in-office and out-of-office ) .

The delivery function is about 50 percent variable .
the delivery [purpose] is about 50 percent variable .

Because the delivery function has important economies of scale , ceteris paribus , the U.S. should have lower per piece costs than virtually every other country .
because the delivery [purpose] has important economies of scale , ceteris paribus , the u.s. should have lower per piece costs than virtually every other country .

In addition , the proportion of fixed cost in the delivery network is largely a function of volume per capita ( per delivery ) .
in addition , the proportion of fixed cost in the delivery network is largely a [purpose] of volume per capita ( per delivery ) .

That is , businesses commonly contract out any function that can be done by another firm at a lower cost .
that is , businesses commonly contract out any [purpose] that can be done by another firm at a lower cost .

The cost of this Video operation may function as an upper limit for most of the mail .
the cost of this video operation may [purpose] as an upper limit for most of the mail .

After the selection and oath-swearing , the operative would be sent to KSM for training and the filming of a martyrdom video , a function KSM supervised as head of al Qaeda 's media committee .
after the selection and oath-swearing , the operative would be sent to ksm for training and the filming of a martyrdom video , a [purpose] ksm supervised as head of al qaeda 's media committee .

Rescue efforts by the Fire Department of New York ( FDNY ) were hampered by the inability of its radios to function in buildings as large as the Twin Towers .
rescue efforts by the fire department of new york ( fdny ) were hampered by the inability of its radios to [purpose] in buildings as large as the twin towers .

Ladder companies ' primary function was to conduct rescues ; engine companies focused on extinguishing fires .
ladder companies ' primary [purpose] was to conduct rescues ; engine companies focused on extinguishing fires .

Evidence suggests that the public-address system did not continue to function after the building was hit .
evidence suggests that the public-address system did not continue to [purpose] after the building was hit .

It is equally clear , however , that the Incident Command System did not function to integrate awareness among agencies or to facilitate interagency response .
it is equally clear , however , that the incident command system did not [purpose] to integrate awareness among agencies or to facilitate interagency response .

What had happened , as we discussed in chapter 3 , was a growing battle within the Justice Department during the 1990s , and between parts of Justice and the FISA Court , over the scope of OIPR 's screening function and the propriety of using FISA-derived information in criminal matters .
what had happened , as we discussed in chapter 3 , was a growing battle within the justice department during the 1990s , and between parts of justice and the fisa court , over the scope of oipr 's screening [purpose] and the propriety of using fisa-derived information in criminal matters .

Within ICS , incident command is organized into five major components : the command function , the planning section , the operations section , the logistics section , and the finance/administration section .
within ics , incident command is organized into five major components : the command [purpose] , the planning section , the operations section , the logistics section , and the finance/administration section .

In our proposal , that reservoir of institutional memory about terrorist organizations would function for the government as a whole , and would be in the NCTC .
in our proposal , that reservoir of institutional memory about terrorist organizations would [purpose] for the government as a whole , and would be in the nctc .

President Carter 's assertive national security advisor , Zbigniew Brzezinski , took charge , and the coordination function remained thereafter in the White House .
president carter 's assertive national security advisor , zbigniew brzezinski , took charge , and the coordination [purpose] remained thereafter in the white house .

As the national security advisor 's function expanded , the procedures and structure of the advisor 's staff , conventionally called the National Security Council staff , became more formal .
as the national security advisor 's [purpose] expanded , the procedures and structure of the advisor 's staff , conventionally called the national security council staff , became more formal .

Fourth , the oversight function of Congress has diminished over time .
fourth , the oversight [purpose] of congress has diminished over time .

The intelligence function ( J-2 ) should build on the existing TTIC structure and remain distinct , as a national intelligence center , within the NCTC .
the intelligence [purpose] ( j-2 ) should build on the existing ttic structure and remain distinct , as a national intelligence center , within the nctc .

The joint operational planning function ( J-3 ) will be new to theTTIC structure .
the joint operational planning [purpose] ( j-3 ) will be new to thettic structure .

In managing the whole community , the National Intelligence Director is still providing a service function .
in managing the whole community , the national intelligence director is still providing a service [purpose] .

The pendulum swung away from those types of investigations during the 1980s and 1990s , though the FBI maintained an active counterintelligence function and was the lead agency for the investigation of foreign terrorist groups operating inside the United States .
the pendulum swung away from those types of investigations during the 1980s and 1990s , though the fbi maintained an active counterintelligence [purpose] and was the lead agency for the investigation of foreign terrorist groups operating inside the united states .

Berger had in practice allowed Clarke 's group to function as a parallel deputies committee , reporting directly to those members of the Principals Committee who sat on the special Small Group .
berger had in practice allowed clarke 's group to [purpose] as a parallel deputies committee , reporting directly to those members of the principals committee who sat on the special small group .

Finally , Pakistan has made little progress toward the return of democratic rule at the national level , although that turbulent process does continue to function at the provincial level and the Pakistani press remains relatively free .
finally , pakistan has made little progress toward the return of democratic rule at the national level , although that turbulent process does continue to [purpose] at the provincial level and the pakistani press remains relatively free .

Funding charitable works is an integral function of the governments in the Islamic world .
funding charitable works is an integral [purpose] of the governments in the islamic world .

The TSA has planned to take over this function when it deploys a new screening system to take the place of CAPPS .
the tsa has planned to take over this [purpose] when it deploys a new screening system to take the place of capps .

This screening function should be performed by the TSA , and it should utilize the larger set of watchlists maintained by the federal government .
this screening [purpose] should be performed by the tsa , and it should utilize the larger set of watchlists maintained by the federal government .

Conditioned on the marginals , and when there is no space–time interaction , c A is distributed according to the hypergeometric distribution with mean μ A and probability function When both Σ z εA c zd and Σ d εA c zd are small compared to C , c A is approximately Poisson distributed with mean μ A [ 37 ] .
conditioned on the marginals , and when there is no space–time interaction , c a is distributed according to the hypergeometric distribution with mean μ a and probability [purpose] when both σ z εa c zd and σ d εa c zd are small compared to c , c a is approximately poisson distributed with mean μ a [ 37 ] .

Natural selection has so molded biological entities that nearly everything one looks at , from molecules to cells , from organ systems to ecosystems , has ( at one time at least ) been retained because it carries out a function that enhances fitness .
natural selection has so molded biological entities that nearly everything one looks at , from molecules to cells , from organ systems to ecosystems , has ( at one time at least ) been retained because it carries out a [purpose] that enhances fitness .

Even geneticists rigorously define function not in terms of the useful things a gene does , but by what happens when the gene is altered .
even geneticists rigorously define [purpose] not in terms of the useful things a gene does , but by what happens when the gene is altered .

Molecular Diversity The heart of PKS function is the synthesis of long chains of carbon atoms by joining ( condensing ) together small organic acids , such as acetic and malonic acid , by a so-called ketosynthase function .
molecular diversity the heart of pks [purpose] is the synthesis of long chains of carbon atoms by joining ( condensing ) together small organic acids , such as acetic and malonic acid , by a so-called ketosynthase [purpose] .

Indeed , this is how we think of DNA when considering its basic function of inheritance , in which all parts of all chromosomes must be duplicated and then passed from one cell generation to the next .
indeed , this is how we think of dna when considering its basic [purpose] of inheritance , in which all parts of all chromosomes must be duplicated and then passed from one cell generation to the next .

When the DNA that makes up a gene is exposed and expressed , when a gene is serving its individual function , then the detailed sequence means all .
when the dna that makes up a gene is exposed and expressed , when a gene is serving its individual [purpose] , then the detailed sequence means all .

To answer this question requires contemplation of the physiological function of APP .
to answer this question requires contemplation of the physiological [purpose] of app .

What is the function of shed sAPP α ?
what is the [purpose] of shed sapp α ?

A popular model holds that sAPP α may function as a neurotrophic and/or neuroprotective factor , and may promote neurite outgrowth [ 52 ] .
a popular model holds that sapp α may [purpose] as a neurotrophic and/or neuroprotective factor , and may promote neurite outgrowth [ 52 ] .

Mice with double and triple null mutations in various combinations of APP , APP-like protein 1 , and APP-like protein 2 are now being created , in search of evidence for a definitive function for APP .
mice with double and triple null mutations in various combinations of app , app-like protein 1 , and app-like protein 2 are now being created , in search of evidence for a definitive [purpose] for app .

Therefore , one important function for α- and/or β-secretase processing of APP may be the eventual generation of AICD .
therefore , one important [purpose] for α- and/or β-secretase processing of app may be the eventual generation of aicd .

These results suggest that a tightly membrane-associated regulatory subunit of the α-secretase complex is likely to be the key phosphoprotein that mediates α-secretase activity as a function of its state of phosphorylation by PKC and perhaps also ERK and ROCK1 .
these results suggest that a tightly membrane-associated regulatory subunit of the α-secretase complex is likely to be the key phosphoprotein that mediates α-secretase activity as a [purpose] of its state of phosphorylation by pkc and perhaps also erk and rock1 .

Mutations that abolish ethylene binding in any of the five receptor genes are dominant and confer ethylene insensitivity , indicating that the receptors function as negative regulators of the ethylene pathway .
mutations that abolish ethylene binding in any of the five receptor genes are dominant and confer ethylene insensitivity , indicating that the receptors [purpose] as negative regulators of the ethylene pathway .

Interestingly , these kinases appear to positively regulate ethylene response , suggesting that CTR1 must inhibit their function .
interestingly , these kinases appear to positively regulate ethylene response , suggesting that ctr1 must inhibit their [purpose] .

While it has long been obvious that hormones do not function in discrete pathways , but rather exhibit extensive cross-talk and signal integration with each other and with environmental and developmental signaling pathways , the molecular basis for such coordinated regulation has been unclear .
while it has long been obvious that hormones do not [purpose] in discrete pathways , but rather exhibit extensive cross-talk and signal integration with each other and with environmental and developmental signaling pathways , the molecular basis for such coordinated regulation has been unclear .

Dissecting out the role of uric acid is further complicated by three things : high levels of uric acid are associated with hypertension and being overweight ( other risk factors for CHD ) ; levels of uric acid can be altered by drugs such as diuretics that people with CHD often take ; and finally , alteration of renal function can affect uric acid levels .
dissecting out the role of uric acid is further complicated by three things : high levels of uric acid are associated with hypertension and being overweight ( other risk factors for chd ) ; levels of uric acid can be altered by drugs such as diuretics that people with chd often take ; and finally , alteration of renal [purpose] can affect uric acid levels .

For half a century after Spemann and Mangold , studies on amphibians monopolized the subject , and even more recently , a large part of the progress in analyzing organizer formation and function and neural induction was based on amphibians , mostly the model species Xenopus laevis .
for half a century after spemann and mangold , studies on amphibians monopolized the subject , and even more recently , a large part of the progress in analyzing organizer formation and [purpose] and neural induction was based on amphibians , mostly the model species xenopus laevis .

Recent work on neural induction comes to two major conclusions : ( i ) the fibroblast growth factor ( FGF ) signaling pathway plays a major role in this process , and ( ii ) neural specification starts well before gastrulation and thus before the formation and function of the organizer .
recent work on neural induction comes to two major conclusions : ( i ) the fibroblast growth factor ( fgf ) signaling pathway plays a major role in this process , and ( ii ) neural specification starts well before gastrulation and thus before the formation and [purpose] of the organizer .

Here , the FGF signal leads to neural induction through the coordinated activation of two transcription factors , Ets1/2 and GATAa , whereas FGF does not activate GATAa during its function in mesoderm formation .
here , the fgf signal leads to neural induction through the coordinated activation of two transcription factors , ets1/2 and gataa , whereas fgf does not activate gataa during its [purpose] in mesoderm formation .

Enter Glutamate Dehydrogenase For one gene , evidence for an effect on brain function may be emerging .
enter glutamate dehydrogenase for one gene , evidence for an effect on brain [purpose] may be emerging .

For example , there is increased expression of genes involved in metabolism , synaptic organisation , and synaptic function .
for example , there is increased expression of genes involved in metabolism , synaptic organisation , and synaptic [purpose] .

Their main function is to consume microorganisms , other foreign substances , and old , dying cells .
their main [purpose] is to consume microorganisms , other foreign substances , and old , dying cells .

Using a combination of the RNA interference approach of silencing gene function and a high-throughput cell culture assay , Foley and O'Farrell ( 2004 ) report the identification of two new conserved members of this Imd pathway : Sickie is a novel protein required for Relish activation , and Defense repressor 1 is a novel inhibitor of the Dredd caspase .
using a combination of the rna interference approach of silencing gene [purpose] and a high-throughput cell culture assay , foley and o'farrell ( 2004 ) report the identification of two new conserved members of this imd pathway : sickie is a novel protein required for relish activation , and defense repressor 1 is a novel inhibitor of the dredd caspase .

Evaluation of metabolic homeostasis , lipid profile , and kidney and myocardial function must be completed before surgery .
evaluation of metabolic homeostasis , lipid profile , and kidney and myocardial [purpose] must be completed before surgery .

In patients with diabetes who have normal renal function and normal serum potassium concentration , 10 to 20 mEq of potassium should be added to each liter of dextrose-containing fluid .
in patients with diabetes who have normal renal [purpose] and normal serum potassium concentration , 10 to 20 meq of potassium should be added to each liter of dextrose-containing fluid .

For example , to explain how mutation can cause the loss of a function , the authors discuss the relatively poor sense of smell in humans , as compared with many other mammals , using an example of a vestigial ‘ pseudogene ’ of a human olfactory receptor gene .
for example , to explain how mutation can cause the loss of a [purpose] , the authors discuss the relatively poor sense of smell in humans , as compared with many other mammals , using an example of a vestigial ‘ pseudogene ’ of a human olfactory receptor gene .

Reactive oxygen species can damage cells in many ways : by inactivating proteins , damaging nucleic acids , and altering the fatty acids of lipids , which leads in turn to perturbations in membrane structure and function .
reactive oxygen species can damage cells in many ways : by inactivating proteins , damaging nucleic acids , and altering the fatty acids of lipids , which leads in turn to perturbations in membrane structure and [purpose] .

Since some of these enzymes function in the citric acid cycle ( also called the Krebs cycle ) and in amino acid biosynthesis , high levels of O 2 − lead to a requirement for certain amino acids in growth media ( Imlay and is well known Fridovich 1991 ) .
since some of these enzymes [purpose] in the citric acid cycle ( also called the krebs cycle ) and in amino acid biosynthesis , high levels of o 2 − lead to a requirement for certain amino acids in growth media ( imlay and is well known fridovich 1991 ) .

There are two thioredoxins in E. coli that also function to reduce disulfide bonds .
there are two thioredoxins in e. coli that also [purpose] to reduce disulfide bonds .

These modifications often alter the structure and function of the protein .
these modifications often alter the structure and [purpose] of the protein .

This finding is significant in that it presents a mechanism to reversibly preserve the function of a protein during oxidative challenge .
this finding is significant in that it presents a mechanism to reversibly preserve the [purpose] of a protein during oxidative challenge .

The added complexity of the cysteine targets that compose part of a Zn binding site found for Hsp33 and RsrA raises questions about the function of the zinc .
the added complexity of the cysteine targets that compose part of a zn binding site found for hsp33 and rsra raises questions about the [purpose] of the zinc .

Thus , the way this oxidatively labile Zn site affects thioredoxin function has yet to be established .
thus , the way this oxidatively labile zn site affects thioredoxin [purpose] has yet to be established .

Whistleblowers serve no function if they can not tell their stories .
whistleblowers serve no [purpose] if they can not tell their stories .

I think it 's quite likely that it will also function in humans , but there is n't a direct demonstration yet that that 's the case. ” Nevertheless , the discoveries about the role of the insulin/IGF-1 pathway in ageing have had a profound impact on her own lifestyle , which includes a tendency to discard the bread from sandwiches and eat only the toppings of pizzas ( Box 2 ) .
i think it 's quite likely that it will also [purpose] in humans , but there is n't a direct demonstration yet that that 's the case. ” nevertheless , the discoveries about the role of the insulin/igf-1 pathway in ageing have had a profound impact on her own lifestyle , which includes a tendency to discard the bread from sandwiches and eat only the toppings of pizzas ( box 2 ) .

We present a novel spatial mathematical model of treatment accessibility that we use in conjunction with an equity objective function to determine an optimal equitable allocation strategy ( OEAS ) for ARVs in a resource-constrained region .
we present a novel spatial mathematical model of treatment accessibility that we use in conjunction with an equity objective [purpose] to determine an optimal equitable allocation strategy ( oeas ) for arvs in a resource-constrained region .

Thus , the “ effective demand ” on each HCF is a direct function of the number of individuals with HIV in the catchment region , weighted by their distance from the HCF .
thus , the “ effective demand ” on each hcf is a direct [purpose] of the number of individuals with hiv in the catchment region , weighted by their distance from the hcf .

By including a weighting function we explicitly model heterogeneity in accessibility to treatment based on distance from the HCF .
by including a weighting [purpose] we explicitly model heterogeneity in accessibility to treatment based on distance from the hcf .

We developed an equity objective function to assess how the limited supply of ARVs should be allocated to each HCF to ensure that an equal proportion of infected people in each community receive treatment .
we developed an equity objective [purpose] to assess how the limited supply of arvs should be allocated to each hcf to ensure that an equal proportion of infected people in each community receive treatment .

We define d i , j as the distance from community i to HCF j , f ( d i , j ) as a weighting function that determines the treatment accessibility to a HCF based upon distance d i , j , and I i as the number of people with HIV in community i .
we define d i , j as the distance from community i to hcf j , f ( d i , j ) as a weighting [purpose] that determines the treatment accessibility to a hcf based upon distance d i , j , and i i as the number of people with hiv in community i .

Thus , demand on HCFs for ARVs is reduced by the treatment accessibility function .
thus , demand on hcfs for arvs is reduced by the treatment accessibility [purpose] .

Hence , the total number of people with HIV treated in community i , T i , summing over all n HCFs is The Equity Objective Function We establish an equity objective function to determine the optimal equitable allocation of ARVs to each HCF so that all individuals with HIV have an equal chance of receiving treatment .
hence , the total number of people with hiv treated in community i , t i , summing over all n hcfs is the equity objective [purpose] we establish an equity objective [purpose] to determine the optimal equitable allocation of arvs to each hcf so that all individuals with hiv have an equal chance of receiving treatment .

To obtain the same fraction of treated individuals in each community , given that there are A ARV regimes for a total of individuals with HIV , the resulting objective function to minimize ( based on least squares ) becomes Our goal is to minimize E , by solving for the number of ARVs to be allocated to each HCF ( S 1 , S 2 , … , S n ) , whilst enforcing the following three constraints : ( i ) ensure that the total number of ARVs available is equal to the sum of the supply allocated to all HCFs , ( ii ) ensure that only a positive number of ARVs are allocated to each HCF ( S j ≥ 0 , j = 1… n ) ; and ( iii ) ensure that the number of people treated in each community is not greater than the number of people with HIV in the community ( T i ≤ I i , i = 1… m ) .
to obtain the same fraction of treated individuals in each community , given that there are a arv regimes for a total of individuals with hiv , the resulting objective [purpose] to minimize ( based on least squares ) becomes our goal is to minimize e , by solving for the number of arvs to be allocated to each hcf ( s 1 , s 2 , … , s n ) , whilst enforcing the following three constraints : ( i ) ensure that the total number of arvs available is equal to the sum of the supply allocated to all hcfs , ( ii ) ensure that only a positive number of arvs are allocated to each hcf ( s j ≥ 0 , j = 1… n ) ; and ( iii ) ensure that the number of people treated in each community is not greater than the number of people with hiv in the community ( t i ≤ i i , i = 1… m ) .

We note that if a different objective is required , then all of our preceding analysis still holds and only the functional form of the objective function needs to be altered .
we note that if a different objective is required , then all of our preceding analysis still holds and only the functional form of the objective [purpose] needs to be altered .

Furthermore , the equity objective function evaluates to E = 0.27 for our OEAS , compared with ( i ) E = 0.50 and ( ii ) E = 133.88 for the comparison allocation strategies .
furthermore , the equity objective [purpose] evaluates to e = 0.27 for our oeas , compared with ( i ) e = 0.50 and ( ii ) e = 133.88 for the comparison allocation strategies .

Our objective function and model can be used to calculate allocation strategies that provide equity in access ( compensating for geographical isolation ) , but if authorities in a given nation prioritize a different goal for ARV rollout , then an objective function to optimize can be formulated to reflect the specific national policy goal .
our objective [purpose] and model can be used to calculate allocation strategies that provide equity in access ( compensating for geographical isolation ) , but if authorities in a given nation prioritize a different goal for arv rollout , then an objective [purpose] to optimize can be formulated to reflect the specific national policy goal .

Our model can be used by policy makers to determine an optimal scientifically based allocation strategy , based upon the specific objective function .
our model can be used by policy makers to determine an optimal scientifically based allocation strategy , based upon the specific objective [purpose] .

As with most chronic degenerative kidney diseases , the gradual decline of renal function at later stages of DNP is invariably associated with tubular epithelial degeneration ( TED ) , also called tubular atrophy , and interstitial fibrosis ( IF ) , hallmarks of degeneration to end-stage renal failure [ 3 ] .
as with most chronic degenerative kidney diseases , the gradual decline of renal [purpose] at later stages of dnp is invariably associated with tubular epithelial degeneration ( ted ) , also called tubular atrophy , and interstitial fibrosis ( if ) , hallmarks of degeneration to end-stage renal failure [ 3 ] .

These findings indicate that CD36 activates proapoptotic p38 MAPK possibly via src kinase activation in human PTECs when stimulated with AGE-BSA5 and PA. Chemical inhibition of p38 MAPK prevented the increase in the rate of apoptotic nuclei induced by both AGE-BSA5 and PA in HK-2 PTECs ( Figure 5G ) , indicating that p38 MAPK function is required for apoptosis induced by AGE-BSA and PA through CD36 receptor .
these findings indicate that cd36 activates proapoptotic p38 mapk possibly via src kinase activation in human ptecs when stimulated with age-bsa5 and pa. chemical inhibition of p38 mapk prevented the increase in the rate of apoptotic nuclei induced by both age-bsa5 and pa in hk-2 ptecs ( figure 5g ) , indicating that p38 mapk [purpose] is required for apoptosis induced by age-bsa and pa through cd36 receptor .

Importantly , biopsy samples from cases of FSGS that were matched for degree of proteinuria , renal function , and hypertension were characterized by TED , IF , and increased tubular epithelial apoptosis ; however , proximal tubular CD36 expression was similar to that in normal human control kidney .
importantly , biopsy samples from cases of fsgs that were matched for degree of proteinuria , renal [purpose] , and hypertension were characterized by ted , if , and increased tubular epithelial apoptosis ; however , proximal tubular cd36 expression was similar to that in normal human control kidney .

The size and complexity of this protein-eating machine hints at the exquisite controls that must rgulate its function .
the size and complexity of this protein-eating machine hints at the exquisite controls that must rgulate its [purpose] .

The importance of these components to proteasome function is apparent in their partially overlapping properties .
the importance of these components to proteasome [purpose] is apparent in their partially overlapping properties .

Its normal function is uncertain , but when it misfolds into an abnormal or “ infectious ” form , it causes the microscopic holes and globs of toxic , misshapen protein found in the brains of TSE victims .
its normal [purpose] is uncertain , but when it misfolds into an abnormal or “ infectious ” form , it causes the microscopic holes and globs of toxic , misshapen protein found in the brains of tse victims .

The Medical Research Council Cognitive Function and Ageing Study ( MRC CFAS ) is a multi-site , population-based study in the UK of individuals aged 65 years and over living in the community , including institutions .
the medical research council cognitive [purpose] and ageing study ( mrc cfas ) is a multi-site , population-based study in the uk of individuals aged 65 years and over living in the community , including institutions .

A main adaptation is the subsurface part of the lamellibrachids called a “ root. ” The tubeworm root appears to have a special function in the energy cycle of the organism—as in plant roots .
a main adaptation is the subsurface part of the lamellibrachids called a “ root. ” the tubeworm root appears to have a special [purpose] in the energy cycle of the organism—as in plant roots .

As the sea is increasingly harvested , many ecologists wonder how the ecosystem will continue to function ( Jackson et al .
as the sea is increasingly harvested , many ecologists wonder how the ecosystem will continue to [purpose] ( jackson et al .

For a colony to function fully it—and the queens it produces , because workers raise queens—must have two fathers and one mother .
for a colony to [purpose] fully it—and the queens it produces , because workers raise queens—must have two fathers and one mother .

Clearly , the predominant ‘ motive ’ during the evolution of a novel gene function is to gain a selective advantage .
clearly , the predominant ‘ motive ’ during the evolution of a novel gene [purpose] is to gain a selective advantage .

Gene duplication provides opportunities to explore this forbidden evolutionary space more widely by generating duplicates of a gene that can ‘ wander ’ more freely , on condition that between them they continue to supply the original function .
gene duplication provides opportunities to explore this forbidden evolutionary space more widely by generating duplicates of a gene that can ‘ wander ’ more freely , on condition that between them they continue to supply the original [purpose] .

During the relatively brief period of relaxed selection following gene duplication , a new , advantageous allele may arise as a result of one of the gene copies gaining a new function ( neofunctionalization ) .
during the relatively brief period of relaxed selection following gene duplication , a new , advantageous allele may arise as a result of one of the gene copies gaining a new [purpose] ( neofunctionalization ) .

This burst of selection is necessarily episodic—once a new function is attained by one of the duplicates , selective constraints on this gene are reasserted .
this burst of selection is necessarily episodic—once a new [purpose] is attained by one of the duplicates , selective constraints on this gene are reasserted .

Rather than one gene duplicate retaining the original function , while the other either degrades or evolves a new function , the original functions of the single-copy gene may be partitioned between the duplicates ( subfunctionalization ) .
rather than one gene duplicate retaining the original [purpose] , while the other either degrades or evolves a new [purpose] , the original functions of the single-copy gene may be partitioned between the duplicates ( subfunctionalization ) .

Other Evolutionary Consequences of Gene Duplication If duplication results in the formation of a novel function as a result of interaction between the two diverged duplicates , which of the above categories of evolutionary outcome does this innovation fall into ?
other evolutionary consequences of gene duplication if duplication results in the formation of a novel [purpose] as a result of interaction between the two diverged duplicates , which of the above categories of evolutionary outcome does this innovation fall into ?

This emergent function of the new gene pair does not fit comfortably into any of the scenarios outlined above : both genes are functional yet neither retains the original function , nor has the original function been partitioned .
this emergent [purpose] of the new gene pair does not fit comfortably into any of the scenarios outlined above : both genes are functional yet neither retains the original [purpose] , nor has the original [purpose] been partitioned .

However , because they do not see increased therapy failure and find preservation of immune function in the STI group , the authors conclude that , in light of the possibility of reducing costs and drug-related toxicity , additional trials of STIs are warranted .
however , because they do not see increased therapy failure and find preservation of immune [purpose] in the sti group , the authors conclude that , in light of the possibility of reducing costs and drug-related toxicity , additional trials of stis are warranted .

However , most of them have been found biochemically and their function has been elucidated primarily using in vitro and cell culture assays of actin assembly .
however , most of them have been found biochemically and their [purpose] has been elucidated primarily using in vitro and cell culture assays of actin assembly .

Baum and Perrimon ( 2001 ) analyzed the function of a number of proteins involved in actin dynamics within the context of a developing epithelium—the follicle cells that surround the germ line cyst during Drosophila oogenesis .
baum and perrimon ( 2001 ) analyzed the [purpose] of a number of proteins involved in actin dynamics within the context of a developing epithelium—the follicle cells that surround the germ line cyst during drosophila oogenesis .

These proteins had been well characterized in cell culture and in vitro studies , but little was known about their function in a developing organism .
these proteins had been well characterized in cell culture and in vitro studies , but little was known about their [purpose] in a developing organism .

In contrast to the spatially restricted functions of CAP , Ena , and Abl , profilin and cofilin were shown to regulate actin filament formation throughout the cell cortex , a more global function that matches the results obtained in cell culture experiments .
in contrast to the spatially restricted functions of cap , ena , and abl , profilin and cofilin were shown to regulate actin filament formation throughout the cell cortex , a more global [purpose] that matches the results obtained in cell culture experiments .

These experiments could be expanded to large-scale screens ( St Johnston 2002 ) , but this would be time consuming and could encounter the problem that some genes will be cell lethal , preventing the analysis of their function in actin dynamics .
these experiments could be expanded to large-scale screens ( st johnston 2002 ) , but this would be time consuming and could encounter the problem that some genes will be cell lethal , preventing the analysis of their [purpose] in actin dynamics .

Another valuable element of this work is that clustering of genes with similar phenotypes leads to the identification of pathways and networks of genes that are involved in cytoskeletal function .
another valuable element of this work is that clustering of genes with similar phenotypes leads to the identification of pathways and networks of genes that are involved in cytoskeletal [purpose] .

The authors looked at the effects of loss of function in 90 genes known to be involved in actin dynamics and the formation and activity of the lamella .
the authors looked at the effects of loss of [purpose] in 90 genes known to be involved in actin dynamics and the formation and activity of the lamella .

As well as confirming the function of many proteins already known to play a role in this process , this analysis allowed them to find interactions between genes and to build genetic pathways .
as well as confirming the [purpose] of many proteins already known to play a role in this process , this analysis allowed them to find interactions between genes and to build genetic pathways .

Research focuses have shifted from “ curing ” autism to finding better diagnostics for early intervention , improving behavioral therapies , and gaining insight into the development and function of the autistic brain .
research focuses have shifted from “ curing ” autism to finding better diagnostics for early intervention , improving behavioral therapies , and gaining insight into the development and [purpose] of the autistic brain .

At the 2004 annual meeting of the American Association for the Advancement of Science ( Washington DC , United States ) , the UW center director Geraldine Dawson explained that this tackling of specific deficits will help researchers attach them to particular “ mind modules ” in the brain and will ultimately lead to the genes that control the development or function of those modules .
at the 2004 annual meeting of the american association for the advancement of science ( washington dc , united states ) , the uw center director geraldine dawson explained that this tackling of specific deficits will help researchers attach them to particular “ mind modules ” in the brain and will ultimately lead to the genes that control the development or [purpose] of those modules .

At least anecdotally , some of these children have gone on to function in normal school classrooms , even making a few friends , although they are still a bit socially awkward .
at least anecdotally , some of these children have gone on to [purpose] in normal school classrooms , even making a few friends , although they are still a bit socially awkward .

With a map of mouse genes in hand , scientists will be able to develop informed hypotheses about genes that may affect human brain function and dysfunction .
with a map of mouse genes in hand , scientists will be able to develop informed hypotheses about genes that may affect human brain [purpose] and dysfunction .

Specifically , he 's most interested in understanding the function of different regions of the almond-shaped amygdala .
specifically , he 's most interested in understanding the [purpose] of different regions of the almond-shaped amygdala .

Once he finds genes expressed in neurons within regions of the amgydala implicated in fear , he plans to determine neuron function by creating transgenic animals in which specific neuron activity has been silenced .
once he finds genes expressed in neurons within regions of the amgydala implicated in fear , he plans to determine neuron [purpose] by creating transgenic animals in which specific neuron activity has been silenced .

Much like the Human Genome Project , the information will be the starting point and not the end point of understanding brain function .
much like the human genome project , the information will be the starting point and not the end point of understanding brain [purpose] .

In fact , scientists may even reach an overarching goal—understanding how the wild card of environment impacts brain function .
in fact , scientists may even reach an overarching goal—understanding how the wild card of environment impacts brain [purpose] .

Mitochondrial function and synaptic transmission may be especially affected , and both of these can secondarily increase oxidative stress within the cytosol ( Greenamyre and Hastings 2004 ) .
mitochondrial [purpose] and synaptic transmission may be especially affected , and both of these can secondarily increase oxidative stress within the cytosol ( greenamyre and hastings 2004 ) .

Presumably , neurons require α-synuclein for their normal function and thus can not simply dispense with this protein that has toxic properties , although mice in which the α- synuclein gene is knocked out have no obvious deficits ( see Dauer and Przedborski [ 2003 ] for discussion ) .
presumably , neurons require α-synuclein for their normal [purpose] and thus can not simply dispense with this protein that has toxic properties , although mice in which the α- synuclein gene is knocked out have no obvious deficits ( see dauer and przedborski [ 2003 ] for discussion ) .

The identification of parkin 's function was facilitated by the observation that the protein contains a RING finger ( Zhang et al .
the identification of parkin 's [purpose] was facilitated by the observation that the protein contains a ring finger ( zhang et al .

In fact , expression of parkin is neuroprotective in a number of contexts , and there is even evidence for a beneficial effect of this E3 ligase on mitochondrial function ( Shen and Cookson 2004 ) .
in fact , expression of parkin is neuroprotective in a number of contexts , and there is even evidence for a beneficial effect of this e3 ligase on mitochondrial [purpose] ( shen and cookson 2004 ) .

The substrates of PINK1 have not yet been identified , but presumably phosphorylation of these substrates controls some critical function for neuronal survival .
the substrates of pink1 have not yet been identified , but presumably phosphorylation of these substrates controls some critical [purpose] for neuronal survival .

Unlike parkin or PINK1 , there are no motifs within DJ-1 that hint strongly at a single function .
unlike parkin or pink1 , there are no motifs within dj-1 that hint strongly at a single [purpose] .

The important function of DJ-1 might be unrelated to any of the above activities .
the important [purpose] of dj-1 might be unrelated to any of the above activities .

Therefore , whatever the function of DJ-1 , it seems to be related to oxidation .
therefore , whatever the [purpose] of dj-1 , it seems to be related to oxidation .

This gene is known to be the most mutated gene in human cancer and its function to be central to many processes that are involved in the cellular prevention of cancer .
this gene is known to be the most mutated gene in human cancer and its [purpose] to be central to many processes that are involved in the cellular prevention of cancer .

The p53 protein is known to function as a transcriptional regulator by either up- or down regulating target genes in response to different forms of cellular stress , including irradiation-induced DNA damage .
the p53 protein is known to [purpose] as a transcriptional regulator by either up- or down regulating target genes in response to different forms of cellular stress , including irradiation-induced dna damage .

The authors studied the expression of two p53-upregulated genes ( Cdkn1a , which encodes p21 , and Mdm2 ) and one downregulated gene ( Pcna ) in p53-positive tumours after irradiation and showed responses indicative of normal p53 function .
the authors studied the expression of two p53-upregulated genes ( cdkn1a , which encodes p21 , and mdm2 ) and one downregulated gene ( pcna ) in p53-positive tumours after irradiation and showed responses indicative of normal p53 [purpose] .

In short , this paper clearly showed that , at least in mice , in many Trp53 +/− tumours the wild-type allele of Trp53 is not only retained , but also appears to function normally .
in short , this paper clearly showed that , at least in mice , in many trp53 +/− tumours the wild-type allele of trp53 is not only retained , but also appears to [purpose] normally .

Venkatachalam and colleagues suggested the strong concentration dependence of p53 function could be explained by the fact that p53 functions as a tetramer .
venkatachalam and colleagues suggested the strong concentration dependence of p53 [purpose] could be explained by the fact that p53 functions as a tetramer .

The possible role of sleep restriction in autoimmune and inflammatory disorders is of particular interest in light of recent findings linking immune function with ghrelin and leptin .
the possible role of sleep restriction in autoimmune and inflammatory disorders is of particular interest in light of recent findings linking immune [purpose] with ghrelin and leptin .

There are many other metabolic effects that have been associated with CR , including altered insulin sensitivity and signaling , stress resistance , altered neuroendocrine function , and changes in nutrient signaling .
there are many other metabolic effects that have been associated with cr , including altered insulin sensitivity and signaling , stress resistance , altered neuroendocrine [purpose] , and changes in nutrient signaling .

These studies aim to test the feasibility and safety of different types of calorie restricted diets in non-obese people and to determine the effects of CR on risk factors for age-related diseases , psychological factors , immune function , oxidative stress , and molecular pathways identified in lower species [ 17 ] .
these studies aim to test the feasibility and safety of different types of calorie restricted diets in non-obese people and to determine the effects of cr on risk factors for age-related diseases , psychological factors , immune [purpose] , oxidative stress , and molecular pathways identified in lower species [ 17 ] .

Several features of Hsp90 suggest that it is an evolutionary buffer , capable of hiding and then releasing genetic variation : ( 1 ) individuals heterozygous for mutations in Hsp83 ( the gene encoding Hsp90 ) show increased levels of morphological abnormalities ; ( 2 ) individuals treated with a pharmacological inhibitor of Hsp90 show severe morphological abnormalities ; ( 3 ) the normal function of Hsp90 is to stabilise the tertiary structure of signal transduction molecules involved in developmental pathways ; and ( 4 ) this function may be compromised by environmental factors , e.g. , heat shock .
several features of hsp90 suggest that it is an evolutionary buffer , capable of hiding and then releasing genetic variation : ( 1 ) individuals heterozygous for mutations in hsp83 ( the gene encoding hsp90 ) show increased levels of morphological abnormalities ; ( 2 ) individuals treated with a pharmacological inhibitor of hsp90 show severe morphological abnormalities ; ( 3 ) the normal [purpose] of hsp90 is to stabilise the tertiary structure of signal transduction molecules involved in developmental pathways ; and ( 4 ) this [purpose] may be compromised by environmental factors , e.g. , heat shock .

The possible role of ion channel compensation in canalizing the evolution of the nervous system may have important implications not just for understanding this system , but also for understanding the contribution of ion channel compensation to the function of the nervous system and its evolution .
the possible role of ion channel compensation in canalizing the evolution of the nervous system may have important implications not just for understanding this system , but also for understanding the contribution of ion channel compensation to the [purpose] of the nervous system and its evolution .

These annotations highlight just one portion of our ignorance about the information content of genomes and our lack of fundamental knowledge about the function of so many of the building blocks of cells .
these annotations highlight just one portion of our ignorance about the information content of genomes and our lack of fundamental knowledge about the [purpose] of so many of the building blocks of cells .

Initial Proposal The initial proposal is directed at deciphering the role of the “ hypothetical proteins ” encoded in the microbial genomes and would involve a community-wide approach to determine the function of these hypotheticals based on solid , old-fashioned biochemistry .
initial proposal the initial proposal is directed at deciphering the role of the “ hypothetical proteins ” encoded in the microbial genomes and would involve a community-wide approach to determine the [purpose] of these hypotheticals based on solid , old-fashioned biochemistry .

The essence of the idea is to undertake an interdisciplinary effort that couples our current bioinformatics capabilities to predict protein function with a directed exploration by experimental laboratories to test those predictions .
the essence of the idea is to undertake an interdisciplinary effort that couples our current bioinformatics capabilities to predict protein [purpose] with a directed exploration by experimental laboratories to test those predictions .

I would encourage a consortium of bioinformaticians to produce a list of all of the conserved hypothetical proteins that are found in multiple genomes , to carry out the best possible bioinformatics analysis , and then to offer those proteins to the biochemical community as potential targets for research into their function .
i would encourage a consortium of bioinformaticians to produce a list of all of the conserved hypothetical proteins that are found in multiple genomes , to carry out the best possible bioinformatics analysis , and then to offer those proteins to the biochemical community as potential targets for research into their [purpose] .

Upon completion of the project and the identification of the function , they would receive a further supplement to that grant as a reward .
upon completion of the project and the identification of the [purpose] , they would receive a further supplement to that grant as a reward .

In this way , one might hope to rally some of the best biochemical talent and apply it to this problem of determining function for a wide range of new proteins .
in this way , one might hope to rally some of the best biochemical talent and apply it to this problem of determining [purpose] for a wide range of new proteins .

Key Steps The first step is to encourage some bioinformaticians with appropriate expertise in the functional annotation of genomes to form a consortium and undertake the assembly of a list of prime targets for which an experimental demonstration of function would be most valuable .
key steps the first step is to encourage some bioinformaticians with appropriate expertise in the functional annotation of genomes to form a consortium and undertake the assembly of a list of prime targets for which an experimental demonstration of [purpose] would be most valuable .

These belong to the set of genes that have orthologs in many other genomes , but for which no function has been experimentally determined in any case .
these belong to the set of genes that have orthologs in many other genomes , but for which no [purpose] has been experimentally determined in any case .

They , too , have no assigned function .
they , too , have no assigned [purpose] .

These genes are ones for which a function has been assigned , but for which there is a good reason to believe the annotation is incorrect .
these genes are ones for which a [purpose] has been assigned , but for which there is a good reason to believe the annotation is incorrect .

These sets of targets would be combined and arranged into a prioritized list in which each was accompanied by the best assessment of potential function .
these sets of targets would be combined and arranged into a prioritized list in which each was accompanied by the best assessment of potential [purpose] .

As function was derived , that information could be presented and the target removed from the main list .
as [purpose] was derived , that information could be presented and the target removed from the main list .

The second step would be to invite experimentalists to peruse the list and find those potential genes whose protein products might lie within their realm of expertise so that they could use their experimental knowledge and reagents to quickly test for function .
the second step would be to invite experimentalists to peruse the list and find those potential genes whose protein products might lie within their realm of expertise so that they could use their experimental knowledge and reagents to quickly test for [purpose] .

If it was successful in delineating the function of their target protein , a paper would be written and submitted for peer review .
if it was successful in delineating the [purpose] of their target protein , a paper would be written and submitted for peer review .

If , after six months , a laboratory had not managed to delineate the function , it would submit a short report describing the approaches that have been tried , with the results of its analyses .
if , after six months , a laboratory had not managed to delineate the [purpose] , it would submit a short report describing the approaches that have been tried , with the results of its analyses .

Any of the orthologs would do , so long as the similarity was sufficiently strong to give high expectations that function would be conserved .
any of the orthologs would do , so long as the similarity was sufficiently strong to give high expectations that [purpose] would be conserved .

While habitual physical activity promotes a great variety of physiological adaptations that alter vascular reactivity , cardiac function , adipocyte function , and neurophysiology , adaptive responses of skeletal myofibers confer at least some of the health benefits .
while habitual physical activity promotes a great variety of physiological adaptations that alter vascular reactivity , cardiac [purpose] , adipocyte [purpose] , and neurophysiology , adaptive responses of skeletal myofibers confer at least some of the health benefits .

We know the identities of some of the nuclear transcription factors that carry these signals , and of other proteins that regulate the function of these transcription factors ( Figure 2 ) .
we know the identities of some of the nuclear transcription factors that carry these signals , and of other proteins that regulate the [purpose] of these transcription factors ( figure 2 ) .

The myofiber somehow “ remembers ” not only the pattern of activity it has experienced today , but what has gone on over the preceding days or weeks , such that the changes in abundance of proteins that control contractile function and metabolism accrue over time .
the myofiber somehow “ remembers ” not only the pattern of activity it has experienced today , but what has gone on over the preceding days or weeks , such that the changes in abundance of proteins that control contractile [purpose] and metabolism accrue over time .

These risks are magnified by the presence of other STIs [ 14 ] and also vary as a function of the time since infection , with the highest risks during acute infection , followed by lower levels that persist until viral loads rise with the onset of clinical AIDS [ 15,16,17 ] .
these risks are magnified by the presence of other stis [ 14 ] and also vary as a [purpose] of the time since infection , with the highest risks during acute infection , followed by lower levels that persist until viral loads rise with the onset of clinical aids [ 15,16,17 ] .

Although mathematically convenient , this assumption gives rise to exponentially distributed latent ( incubation ) and infectious periods , which is epidemiologically unrealistic for most infections , say the authors , who suggest instead that it would more sensible to specify the probability of leaving a class as a function of the time spent within the class .
although mathematically convenient , this assumption gives rise to exponentially distributed latent ( incubation ) and infectious periods , which is epidemiologically unrealistic for most infections , say the authors , who suggest instead that it would more sensible to specify the probability of leaving a class as a [purpose] of the time spent within the class .

These nanoparticles serve as probes for lymphatic anatomy and function and enhance tumor detection through abnormal distribution patterns in malignant nodes [ 17,18 ] .
these nanoparticles serve as probes for lymphatic anatomy and [purpose] and enhance tumor detection through abnormal distribution patterns in malignant nodes [ 17,18 ] .

However , a recent report that shows benefit for patients with both diabetes and kidney failure who receive a combined pancreas and kidney transplant also found that an isolated pancreas transplant ( for patients with preserved kidney function ) actually worsened survival [ 8 ] .
however , a recent report that shows benefit for patients with both diabetes and kidney failure who receive a combined pancreas and kidney transplant also found that an isolated pancreas transplant ( for patients with preserved kidney [purpose] ) actually worsened survival [ 8 ] .

In addition , and somewhat ironically , the most commonly used agents ( like steroids , calcineurin inhibitors , and rapamycin ) are also known to impair normal islet function and/or insulin action .
in addition , and somewhat ironically , the most commonly used agents ( like steroids , calcineurin inhibitors , and rapamycin ) are also known to impair normal islet [purpose] and/or insulin action .

Perhaps of greatest concern to the patient and physician is the harmful effect of certain widely employed immunosuppressive agents on renal function .
perhaps of greatest concern to the patient and physician is the harmful effect of certain widely employed immunosuppressive agents on renal [purpose] .

For the patient with diabetes , renal function is a crucial factor in determining long-term outcome , and calcineurin inhibitors ( tacrolimus and cyclosporin ) are significantly nephrotoxic .
for the patient with diabetes , renal [purpose] is a crucial factor in determining long-term outcome , and calcineurin inhibitors ( tacrolimus and cyclosporin ) are significantly nephrotoxic .

Thus , while some patients with a pancreas transplant tolerate the immunosuppressive agents well , and for such patients diabetic nephropathy can gradually improve , in other patients the net effect ( decreased risk due to the improved blood glucose control , increased risk from the immunosuppressive agents ) may worsen kidney function .
thus , while some patients with a pancreas transplant tolerate the immunosuppressive agents well , and for such patients diabetic nephropathy can gradually improve , in other patients the net effect ( decreased risk due to the improved blood glucose control , increased risk from the immunosuppressive agents ) may worsen kidney [purpose] .

For the subset of patients with diabetes and preserved kidney function , even those with long-standing and difficult-to-control disease , the prognosis for survival is comparatively much better .
for the subset of patients with diabetes and preserved kidney [purpose] , even those with long-standing and difficult-to-control disease , the prognosis for survival is comparatively much better .

We also believe the islet transplant risk-benefit ratio is favorable for those with both T1DM and kidney failure who are listed for a life-preserving kidney transplant ; such patients will have to take immunosuppressive agents after transplant to preserve the kidney allograft function , so the islets can be added without too much additional risk .
we also believe the islet transplant risk-benefit ratio is favorable for those with both t1dm and kidney failure who are listed for a life-preserving kidney transplant ; such patients will have to take immunosuppressive agents after transplant to preserve the kidney allograft [purpose] , so the islets can be added without too much additional risk .

The patient 's thyroid function tests were normal .
the patient 's thyroid [purpose] tests were normal .

This massive growth , coupled with the current inefficiencies in transferring facts into other data resources , leads to the unfortunate state that biological databases tend to be incomplete ( for example , DNA sequences without known function in genetic databases ) , and there are inconsistencies between databases and literature .
this massive growth , coupled with the current inefficiencies in transferring facts into other data resources , leads to the unfortunate state that biological databases tend to be incomplete ( for example , dna sequences without known [purpose] in genetic databases ) , and there are inconsistencies between databases and literature .

Gene expression will be transiently knocked down with morpholinos , short segments of the gene that block its function .
gene expression will be transiently knocked down with morpholinos , short segments of the gene that block its [purpose] .

Alternatively , new two-photon confocal microscopy approaches to identify the cells and then to monitor cardiac function in the intact heart should prove valuable [ 7 ] .
alternatively , new two-photon confocal microscopy approaches to identify the cells and then to monitor cardiac [purpose] in the intact heart should prove valuable [ 7 ] .

Relationship of Magnitude of Lymphocyte Proliferative Responses to p24 Antigen to Duration of Viremia Control We next analyzed evolution of lymphoproliferative responses to recombinant HIV-1 p24 Gag protein in order to assess HIV-1-specific CD4+ T cell function .
relationship of magnitude of lymphocyte proliferative responses to p24 antigen to duration of viremia control we next analyzed evolution of lymphoproliferative responses to recombinant hiv-1 p24 gag protein in order to assess hiv-1-specific cd4+ t cell [purpose] .

The immunologic studies performed failed to show an association between increases in viral load and loss of immune responses , but this may be due to the use of the current standard IFN-γ assays to quantify immune function .
the immunologic studies performed failed to show an association between increases in viral load and loss of immune responses , but this may be due to the use of the current standard ifn-γ assays to quantify immune [purpose] .

Indeed , the ability to enhance CD4+ T helper cell responses in the chronic phase of infection has been demonstrated [ 59 ] , but whether this will enhance CD8+ T cell function requires additional studies .
indeed , the ability to enhance cd4+ t helper cell responses in the chronic phase of infection has been demonstrated [ 59 ] , but whether this will enhance cd8+ t cell [purpose] requires additional studies .

A point of inspiration for me is Gold 's later discussion of cochlear function ( Gold 1987 ) —some nine years after Kemp 's discoveries had been made .
a point of inspiration for me is gold 's later discussion of cochlear [purpose] ( gold 1987 ) —some nine years after kemp 's discoveries had been made .

The apparent function of the bacteriome is to house intracellular bacteria .
the apparent [purpose] of the bacteriome is to house intracellular bacteria .

Perhaps the polar bodies function to somehow enforce some maternal or family interest , nipping in the bud some sibling rivalry that would otherwise suppress the family 's fitness .
perhaps the polar bodies [purpose] to somehow enforce some maternal or family interest , nipping in the bud some sibling rivalry that would otherwise suppress the family 's fitness .

Certain yeast prion proteins , when in soluble conformation , function in important pathways ; e.g. , Sup35 ( forming [ PSI + ] prion ) controls termination of translation , and Ure2 ( forming [ URE3 + ] prion ) controls some membrane transporter systems .
certain yeast prion proteins , when in soluble conformation , [purpose] in important pathways ; e.g. , sup35 ( forming [ psi + ] prion ) controls termination of translation , and ure2 ( forming [ ure3 + ] prion ) controls some membrane transporter systems .

Even if a function of prion proteins , such as with Sup35 or Ure2 , is known , we do not understand the biological significance of their “ prionization , ” i.e. , that they aggregate and propagate in the aggregated form .
even if a [purpose] of prion proteins , such as with sup35 or ure2 , is known , we do not understand the biological significance of their “ prionization , ” i.e. , that they aggregate and propagate in the aggregated form .

Since this chaperone can directly bind to protein aggregates and promote there disassembly ( Glover and Lindquist 1998 ) , it was suggested that the main function of Hsp104 in prion inheritance is to disaggregate large prion aggregates to smaller elements , thus leading to formation of new seeds ( Kushnirov and Ter-Avanesyan 1998 ) .
since this chaperone can directly bind to protein aggregates and promote there disassembly ( glover and lindquist 1998 ) , it was suggested that the main [purpose] of hsp104 in prion inheritance is to disaggregate large prion aggregates to smaller elements , thus leading to formation of new seeds ( kushnirov and ter-avanesyan 1998 ) .

Although the mechanistic details are still under investigation , RNA-mediated silencing has already provided a powerful tool for studying gene function and spawned a fledgling industry that aims to develop novel RNA-based therapeutics to treat human diseases ( Robinson 2004 ) .
although the mechanistic details are still under investigation , rna-mediated silencing has already provided a powerful tool for studying gene [purpose] and spawned a fledgling industry that aims to develop novel rna-based therapeutics to treat human diseases ( robinson 2004 ) .

Further , airway limitation , another characteristic of human asthma , is clinically linked to an accelerated rate of loss of lung function in smoker individuals [ 13 ] .
further , airway limitation , another characteristic of human asthma , is clinically linked to an accelerated rate of loss of lung [purpose] in smoker individuals [ 13 ] .

Methods Participants Twenty-eight non-atopic ex-smoker individuals ( see Table 1 ) undergoing medically necessary lung resection were serially entered into the study : ten individuals with no COPD and no evidence of emphysema ( control group ) and eighteen individuals ( diseased group ) with moderate to severe COPD and evidence of emphysema as determined by pulmonary function tests , high-resolution computed tomography ( CT ) , or conventional CT scan .
methods participants twenty-eight non-atopic ex-smoker individuals ( see table 1 ) undergoing medically necessary lung resection were serially entered into the study : ten individuals with no copd and no evidence of emphysema ( control group ) and eighteen individuals ( diseased group ) with moderate to severe copd and evidence of emphysema as determined by pulmonary [purpose] tests , high-resolution computed tomography ( ct ) , or conventional ct scan .

Furthermore , previous studies of smoker individuals with COPD and normal lung function showed the presence of CD8 + /CXCR3 + T cells in the airway epithelium and submucosa [ 44 ] .
furthermore , previous studies of smoker individuals with copd and normal lung [purpose] showed the presence of cd8 + /cxcr3 + t cells in the airway epithelium and submucosa [ 44 ] .

Analyses by Soininen and colleagues have found that antibodies measured by standard ELISA in unimmunized children are highly cross-reactive between different serotypes , and that cross-reactive antibodies lack opsonophagocytic function and often appear in the absence of any documented exposure to a given capsular serotype .
analyses by soininen and colleagues have found that antibodies measured by standard elisa in unimmunized children are highly cross-reactive between different serotypes , and that cross-reactive antibodies lack opsonophagocytic [purpose] and often appear in the absence of any documented exposure to a given capsular serotype .

The authors also identify a short , C-terminal domain that makes FOG-2 uniquely able to perform its germline sex-determining function .
the authors also identify a short , c-terminal domain that makes fog-2 uniquely able to perform its germline sex-determining [purpose] .

Its ability to reveal function , not merely structure , distinguishes fMRI from static neuroimaging techniques such as CT scanning , and its capacity to highlight the neural substrates of decisions , emotions , and deceptions has propelled fMRI into the popular consciousness .
its ability to reveal [purpose] , not merely structure , distinguishes fmri from static neuroimaging techniques such as ct scanning , and its capacity to highlight the neural substrates of decisions , emotions , and deceptions has propelled fmri into the popular consciousness .

These limitations have not prevented fMRI researchers from making some major discoveries about brain function , however .
these limitations have not prevented fmri researchers from making some major discoveries about brain [purpose] , however .

Could scans showing diminished impulse control—a function controlled by several regions of the brain , including the striatum and the ventromedial prefrontal cortex—be used to support more lenient sentencing , or even acquit a defendant , because he could n't control his violent impulses ?
could scans showing diminished impulse control—a [purpose] controlled by several regions of the brain , including the striatum and the ventromedial prefrontal cortex—be used to support more lenient sentencing , or even acquit a defendant , because he could n't control his violent impulses ?

By “ knocking down ” a gene with RNAi and determining how a cell responds , a researcher can , in the course of only a few days , develop significant insight into the function of the gene and determine whether reducing its expression is likely to be therapeutically useful .
by “ knocking down ” a gene with rnai and determining how a cell responds , a researcher can , in the course of only a few days , develop significant insight into the [purpose] of the gene and determine whether reducing its expression is likely to be therapeutically useful .

The second question is what effect an excess of RNA from outside the cell will have on the normal function of the RISC , the complex at the heart of the RNAi mechanism .
the second question is what effect an excess of rna from outside the cell will have on the normal [purpose] of the risc , the complex at the heart of the rnai mechanism .

With the introduction of foreign RNA , will the system continue to perform its normal function as well , or will it become saturated ?
with the introduction of foreign rna , will the system continue to perform its normal [purpose] as well , or will it become saturated ?

Vaccine-Elicited T Cells Are Functional Directly Ex Vivo but of Variable Tumor Reactivity Patient 422 had the largest detectable TAA-specific CD8+ T cell response ( 2.5 % G209–2M-tetramer-positive ) and thus sufficient numbers for examination of lytic function immediately following isolation .
vaccine-elicited t cells are functional directly ex vivo but of variable tumor reactivity patient 422 had the largest detectable taa-specific cd8+ t cell response ( 2.5 % g209–2m-tetramer-positive ) and thus sufficient numbers for examination of lytic [purpose] immediately following isolation .

Rather , variations in RE may be a function of the manner in which these cells were elicited in vivo via vaccination .
rather , variations in re may be a [purpose] of the manner in which these cells were elicited in vivo via vaccination .

Indeed , activation of NF-κB is sufficient to induce resistin expression , and loss of NF-κB function abolishes LPS induction of resistin .
indeed , activation of nf-κb is sufficient to induce resistin expression , and loss of nf-κb [purpose] abolishes lps induction of resistin .

This clustered image map plots gene expression–drug activity correlations as a function of clustered genes ( horizontal axis ) and clustered drugs ( showing only the 118 drugs with “ known function ” ) on the vertical axis ( Weinstein et al .
this clustered image map plots gene expression–drug activity correlations as a [purpose] of clustered genes ( horizontal axis ) and clustered drugs ( showing only the 118 drugs with “ known [purpose] ” ) on the vertical axis ( weinstein et al .

To then prove that cell protrusions are important in cell-to-cell communication in tissues , we would need to remove the protrusions and see how this affects tissue architecture and function .
to then prove that cell protrusions are important in cell-to-cell communication in tissues , we would need to remove the protrusions and see how this affects tissue architecture and [purpose] .

Thus far , the function of cell protrusions has been hypothesized mainly on the basis of their location in tissues and on crude attempts to remove them , for example by altering the actin cytoskeleton or even by removing the entire epithelium they belong to .
thus far , the [purpose] of cell protrusions has been hypothesized mainly on the basis of their location in tissues and on crude attempts to remove them , for example by altering the actin cytoskeleton or even by removing the entire epithelium they belong to .

General arguments of thermodynamic efficiency and specificity of enzymatic reactions suggest that this selectivity is required for biological function and is a general result of natural selection .
general arguments of thermodynamic efficiency and specificity of enzymatic reactions suggest that this selectivity is required for biological [purpose] and is a general result of natural selection .

In order for the cell to sense and respond to its environment ( including other cells and the supporting structures that comprise the extracellular matrix [ ECM ] ) and for the environment to influence cell function ( including cell growth and movement ) , bidirectional signaling across the plasma membrane has to be mediated by receptors and other structures .
in order for the cell to sense and respond to its environment ( including other cells and the supporting structures that comprise the extracellular matrix [ ecm ] ) and for the environment to influence cell [purpose] ( including cell growth and movement ) , bidirectional signaling across the plasma membrane has to be mediated by receptors and other structures .

It is time to end the mindset that thinks of atherosclerosis as an inevitable function of aging .
it is time to end the mindset that thinks of atherosclerosis as an inevitable [purpose] of aging .

The use of genetically engineered mouse models will likely play a major role in deciphering the function of a multitude of new genes revealed in the recently completed sequence of the mouse genome ( Mouse Genome Sequencing Consortium 2002 ) .
the use of genetically engineered mouse models will likely play a major role in deciphering the [purpose] of a multitude of new genes revealed in the recently completed sequence of the mouse genome ( mouse genome sequencing consortium 2002 ) .

They studied the expression of 70 genes selected for their presumed biological function in 52 patients with MS , followed up for at least two years after initiation of IFNβ therapy .
they studied the expression of 70 genes selected for their presumed biological [purpose] in 52 patients with ms , followed up for at least two years after initiation of ifnβ therapy .

I notice also that they may become fixed and permanent in any stock , by painting and repainting them on every individual , until at last nature adopts them and bakes them into her porcelain ” —Ralph Waldo Emerson The history of domesticated plant form and function evolves along a two-tiered track that doubles back on itself , offering panoramic vistas of natural forces intertwined with the creative force of human endeavor ( Figure 1 ) .
i notice also that they may become fixed and permanent in any stock , by painting and repainting them on every individual , until at last nature adopts them and bakes them into her porcelain ” —ralph waldo emerson the history of domesticated plant form and [purpose] evolves along a two-tiered track that doubles back on itself , offering panoramic vistas of natural forces intertwined with the creative force of human endeavor ( figure 1 ) .

We can not even begin to simulate the selective filters that have provided us with the diversity of form and function in the living world .
we can not even begin to simulate the selective filters that have provided us with the diversity of form and [purpose] in the living world .

The function of cohesion at the centromere is presumably to oppose the force of microtubules , which pull the chromosomes to opposite spindle poles ; this force is not exerted along the chromosome arms , which means that cohesion at centromeres and along arms is functionally distinct .
the [purpose] of cohesion at the centromere is presumably to oppose the force of microtubules , which pull the chromosomes to opposite spindle poles ; this force is not exerted along the chromosome arms , which means that cohesion at centromeres and along arms is functionally distinct .

Third , cohesion along chromosome arms may be essential for proper chromosome condensation [ 7,8 ] , although the function of cohesion at chromosome arms is something of a mystery .
third , cohesion along chromosome arms may be essential for proper chromosome condensation [ 7,8 ] , although the [purpose] of cohesion at chromosome arms is something of a mystery .

Ndc10 forms part of a structure known as the kinetochore , which forms around the centromere and is responsible for the attachment to the spindle ; establishment and maintenance of cohesion at pericentric regions may therefore rely on both the centromere sequence and kinetochore function [ 13,20 ] .
ndc10 forms part of a structure known as the kinetochore , which forms around the centromere and is responsible for the attachment to the spindle ; establishment and maintenance of cohesion at pericentric regions may therefore rely on both the centromere sequence and kinetochore [purpose] [ 13,20 ] .

Future studies focusing on the differences between cohesion at chromosome arms versus pericentric domains and the link between cohesion and transcription will likely yield very interesting insights into the function of the cohesin complex in the maintenance of genome integrity .
future studies focusing on the differences between cohesion at chromosome arms versus pericentric domains and the link between cohesion and transcription will likely yield very interesting insights into the [purpose] of the cohesin complex in the maintenance of genome integrity .

A similar compensatory process has been observed after stroke and aphasia , where an intact right hemisphere can at least partially compensate for a loss of function ( Weiller et al .
a similar compensatory process has been observed after stroke and aphasia , where an intact right hemisphere can at least partially compensate for a loss of [purpose] ( weiller et al .

If the antennal lobe has a dual function in creating the primary dimensions of olfactory perception and storing olfactory memories , then one prediction is that individual experience will alter perception .
if the antennal lobe has a dual [purpose] in creating the primary dimensions of olfactory perception and storing olfactory memories , then one prediction is that individual experience will alter perception .

Nevertheless , results from several recent studies have converged on a set of genes that appear to play an important role in regeneration , and evidence is accumulating that suggests some of these genes may function to control regenerative cellular plasticity .
nevertheless , results from several recent studies have converged on a set of genes that appear to play an important role in regeneration , and evidence is accumulating that suggests some of these genes may [purpose] to control regenerative cellular plasticity .

Results from expression studies in a variety of organisms are consistent with these in vivo gene function studies .
results from expression studies in a variety of organisms are consistent with these in vivo gene [purpose] studies .

If Msx1 function is markedly reduced in salamander myofibers by preventing the efficient synthesis of the Msx1 protein , cellularization or fragmentation of the myofiber is inhibited , suggesting that Msx1 is required for this process .
if msx1 [purpose] is markedly reduced in salamander myofibers by preventing the efficient synthesis of the msx1 protein , cellularization or fragmentation of the myofiber is inhibited , suggesting that msx1 is required for this process .

With the new tools available to identify candidate genes and assess their function , the next few decades appear promising for scientists engaged in regeneration research .
with the new tools available to identify candidate genes and assess their [purpose] , the next few decades appear promising for scientists engaged in regeneration research .

While the entertainment industry has focused primarily on applications for augmenting cognitive and sensorimotor function , as seen in Star Trek , Firefox , and many other science-fiction scenarios , the scientific community has targeted clinical applications , such as neuroprostheses for restoring motor function after traumatic lesion of the central nervous system .
while the entertainment industry has focused primarily on applications for augmenting cognitive and sensorimotor [purpose] , as seen in star trek , firefox , and many other science-fiction scenarios , the scientific community has targeted clinical applications , such as neuroprostheses for restoring motor [purpose] after traumatic lesion of the central nervous system .

However , this binding is not sufficient for Tat 's function in vivo .
however , this binding is not sufficient for tat 's [purpose] in vivo .

The final proof that P-TEFb is the cellular cofactor for Tat came from studies of HIV transcription in murine cells , where the introduction of the human CycT1 protein restores Tat function [ 12 ] .
the final proof that p-tefb is the cellular cofactor for tat came from studies of hiv transcription in murine cells , where the introduction of the human cyct1 protein restores tat [purpose] [ 12 ] .

SK snRNA is one of the most abundant snRNA species , whose function remained a mystery for over a decade .
sk snrna is one of the most abundant snrna species , whose [purpose] remained a mystery for over a decade .

For this reason , small companies and start-ups , which can not afford specialists for every position , may particularly benefit from PSM-credentialed employees , able to connect different people and function in multiple roles ; indeed , many PSM graduates have job descriptions expressly created for them .
for this reason , small companies and start-ups , which can not afford specialists for every position , may particularly benefit from psm-credentialed employees , able to connect different people and [purpose] in multiple roles ; indeed , many psm graduates have job descriptions expressly created for them .

The way out is pointed to in Lee and Tuljapurkar 's ( 1997 ) graph of the average wealth consumed and generated by an individual as a function of age , reproduced in Coping with Methuselah ( p. 143 ) .
the way out is pointed to in lee and tuljapurkar 's ( 1997 ) graph of the average wealth consumed and generated by an individual as a [purpose] of age , reproduced in coping with methuselah ( p. 143 ) .

David Marr was a young mathematician and physiologist whose doctoral thesis on a theory of mammalian brain function at Cambridge had brought him into some contact with Brenner and Francis .
david marr was a young mathematician and physiologist whose doctoral thesis on a theory of mammalian brain [purpose] at cambridge had brought him into some contact with brenner and francis .

They spent hours sitting at the most western end of the Salk Institute , at the cafeteria or in Francis 's office , gazing into the Pacific Ocean with all its daily changes , discussing not only architecture of visual cortex and visual perception , but the ramifications of a good theory of brain function .
they spent hours sitting at the most western end of the salk institute , at the cafeteria or in francis 's office , gazing into the pacific ocean with all its daily changes , discussing not only architecture of visual cortex and visual perception , but the ramifications of a good theory of brain [purpose] .

When Francis worked on the structure of DNA , he had some simple facts , such as Chargaff 's Laws , and means to make point mutations from which it could be determined how function followed structure .
when francis worked on the structure of dna , he had some simple facts , such as chargaff 's laws , and means to make point mutations from which it could be determined how [purpose] followed structure .

This is essential for various aspects of cellular function .
this is essential for various aspects of cellular [purpose] .

Two more enzymes , APOBEC3G and APOBEC3F , form part of the innate immune system ; they function as antiviral agents and are being intensively studied in the context of infection with the human immunodeficiency virus ( HIV ) , the cause of AIDS .
two more enzymes , apobec3g and apobec3f , form part of the innate immune system ; they [purpose] as antiviral agents and are being intensively studied in the context of infection with the human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) , the cause of aids .

Under these cramped conditions , most mutations are likely to severely disrupt some aspect of viral function and thereby reduce fitness ( Holmes 2003 ) .
under these cramped conditions , most mutations are likely to severely disrupt some aspect of viral [purpose] and thereby reduce fitness ( holmes 2003 ) .

In particular , the most common and destructive pathogens faced by humans and other mammals are RNA viruses , such as influenza A , yellow fever , and hepatitis C. In most cases , our ability to survive these viral infections is simply a combination of good luck and good breeding ; with the right combination of MHC alleles , itself a function of population history and what we by chance inherit from our parents , some individuals may be more able to fight off viral infections than others .
in particular , the most common and destructive pathogens faced by humans and other mammals are rna viruses , such as influenza a , yellow fever , and hepatitis c. in most cases , our ability to survive these viral infections is simply a combination of good luck and good breeding ; with the right combination of mhc alleles , itself a [purpose] of population history and what we by chance inherit from our parents , some individuals may be more able to fight off viral infections than others .

In individuals with celiac disease , the immune system mounts an abnormal response to gluten , which is characterized by gluten-reactive intestinal T cells and by inflammation and compromised function of the small intestine .
in individuals with celiac disease , the immune system mounts an abnormal response to gluten , which is characterized by gluten-reactive intestinal t cells and by inflammation and compromised [purpose] of the small intestine .

In many ways , protein pathways are analogous to nanoscale “ assembly lines , ” since protein pathways often involve a series of proteins that act in successive order to yield a particular molecular “ product ” or perform a particular molecular function .
in many ways , protein pathways are analogous to nanoscale “ assembly lines , ” since protein pathways often involve a series of proteins that act in successive order to yield a particular molecular “ product ” or perform a particular molecular [purpose] .

These protein complexes enable highly controlled mechanical motion at the nanoscale and may some day lead to novel rotary machines that function as molecular motors for a variety of nanoscale applications .
these protein complexes enable highly controlled mechanical motion at the nanoscale and may some day lead to novel rotary machines that [purpose] as molecular motors for a variety of nanoscale applications .

An important function of the filtering apparatus is presumably to protect the nasal cavity from infections .
an important [purpose] of the filtering apparatus is presumably to protect the nasal cavity from infections .

These patterns function as virtual “ odor images ” ( Xu et al .
these patterns [purpose] as virtual “ odor images ” ( xu et al .

Behavioral neuroscientists need to develop increasingly accurate tests of olfactory function that enable comparisons across different species .
behavioral neuroscientists need to develop increasingly accurate tests of olfactory [purpose] that enable comparisons across different species .

In one essay , Michael Studdert-Kenedy and Louis Goldstein propose that speech , as a motor function , draws on phylogenetically ancient mammalian oral capacities for sucking , licking , swallowing , and chewing .
in one essay , michael studdert-kenedy and louis goldstein propose that speech , as a motor [purpose] , draws on phylogenetically ancient mammalian oral capacities for sucking , licking , swallowing , and chewing .

Several authors try to provide alternatives to innate predispositions , such as the importance of function to categorization ( Michael Tomasello ) and the importance of cultural transmission to the structure of language ( Simon Kirby and Morton Christiansen ) .
several authors try to provide alternatives to innate predispositions , such as the importance of [purpose] to categorization ( michael tomasello ) and the importance of cultural transmission to the structure of language ( simon kirby and morton christiansen ) .

The R-script provided as Protocol S1 also contains a function that calculates the statistical power using equation 17 .
the r-script provided as protocol s1 also contains a [purpose] that calculates the statistical power using equation 17 .

Figure 2 shows the statistical power of the repeated low-dose challenge design as a function of the number of animals per group for varying vaccine efficacies ( black lines ) , and compares it to the statistical power of the single low-dose challenge design ( green lines ) .
figure 2 shows the statistical power of the repeated low-dose challenge design as a [purpose] of the number of animals per group for varying vaccine efficacies ( black lines ) , and compares it to the statistical power of the single low-dose challenge design ( green lines ) .

If further research confirms this function for EPI1 , then it will become one of just a handful of pathogen molecules that have been shown to suppress host plant defenses .
if further research confirms this [purpose] for epi1 , then it will become one of just a handful of pathogen molecules that have been shown to suppress host plant defenses .

These transplanted cells line up properly , make the correct connections and function just like native heart cells .
these transplanted cells line up properly , make the correct connections and [purpose] just like native heart cells .

As an alumnus and Chairman of that activity , my function is to beat the drums for financial contributions of $ 1,000 ( or more ) per year from alumni and friends of the school .
as an alumnus and chairman of that activity , my [purpose] is to beat the drums for financial contributions of $ 1,000 ( or more ) per year from alumni and friends of the school .

Synarchy performs the same function on a lesser scale . ''
synarchy performs the same [purpose] on a lesser scale . ''

He learned from another volume in the same display that his sexual fantasies about the crew-cutted athletes in his school were not normal , and that they had a name ; in fact , he was most devastated to learn that his urinary appendage had a name and a different function , and he cried in embarrassment upon learning `` penis '' was the accepted name for what he and his brothers were taught to call the `` wetter . ''
he learned from another volume in the same display that his sexual fantasies about the crew-cutted athletes in his school were not normal , and that they had a name ; in fact , he was most devastated to learn that his urinary appendage had a name and a different [purpose] , and he cried in embarrassment upon learning `` penis '' was the accepted name for what he and his brothers were taught to call the `` wetter . ''

It is composed of several sections called nuclei , each of which controls a specific function .
it is composed of several sections called nuclei , each of which controls a specific [purpose] .

In the end Bagemihl concludes , somewhat surprisingly , that homosexuality has no function , it just is .
in the end bagemihl concludes , somewhat surprisingly , that homosexuality has no [purpose] , it just is .

It is reasonable to assume that he taught Kenyatta and other students to `` understand '' the function of clitoridectomy in Kikiyu culture but discouraged censorious views of such practices ( e.g .
it is reasonable to assume that he taught kenyatta and other students to `` understand '' the [purpose] of clitoridectomy in kikiyu culture but discouraged censorious views of such practices ( e.g .

Julien serves another symbolic function this year : It was shot on a video camera , and ( if we can judge by the outtakes on the Web site ) its style was created mostly in post-production on a computer much like the one I am now using .
julien serves another symbolic [purpose] this year : it was shot on a video camera , and ( if we can judge by the outtakes on the web site ) its style was created mostly in post-production on a computer much like the one i am now using .

In short , individuality here becomes a function of fame .
in short , individuality here becomes a [purpose] of fame .

This was the year when the indie ensemble aesthetic -- actors humbly serving a specific function , rather than being their charismatic selves -- really came into its own .
this was the year when the indie ensemble aesthetic -- actors humbly serving a specific [purpose] , rather than being their charismatic selves -- really came into its own .

His function is essentially to absorb and process white pain , suffering , disease , and guilt , which he does visibly -- which is a novel change from the decades of films in which black characters have done the same thing invisibly ( is there much difference between what Duncan does for Hanks here and what Poitier did for Steiger in In the Heat of the Night ? ) .
his [purpose] is essentially to absorb and process white pain , suffering , disease , and guilt , which he does visibly -- which is a novel change from the decades of films in which black characters have done the same thing invisibly ( is there much difference between what duncan does for hanks here and what poitier did for steiger in in the heat of the night ? ) .

Roger : Doubtless Elvis will be responding to you about Michael Clarke Duncan in The Green Mile , but I 've got to say I flinched when I read that `` his function is essentially to absorb and process white pain , suffering , disease and guilt , which he does visibly -- which is a novel change from the decades of films in which black characters have done the same thing invisibly . ''
roger : doubtless elvis will be responding to you about michael clarke duncan in the green mile , but i 've got to say i flinched when i read that `` his [purpose] is essentially to absorb and process white pain , suffering , disease and guilt , which he does visibly -- which is a novel change from the decades of films in which black characters have done the same thing invisibly . ''

Re our discussion of the function of the Michael Clarke Duncan character in The Green Mile : I agree with you about his presentation as an embodiment of mistaken southern rape fantasies .
re our discussion of the [purpose] of the michael clarke duncan character in the green mile : i agree with you about his presentation as an embodiment of mistaken southern rape fantasies .

My description of his function in the film was just that , a description , not a defense .
my description of his [purpose] in the film was just that , a description , not a defense .

I do n't think that this is a government function . ''
i do n't think that this is a government [purpose] . ''

It 's tempting to assume that its appeal , like the appeal of most popular entertainment , is simply a function of how old you were when you were first exposed to it .
it 's tempting to assume that its appeal , like the appeal of most popular entertainment , is simply a [purpose] of how old you were when you were first exposed to it .

What is n't by design is the mass of neurotic actressy mannerisms , which function like layer upon layer of wax buildup .
what is n't by design is the mass of neurotic actressy mannerisms , which [purpose] like layer upon layer of wax buildup .

He is an amazing creation , but he has no function .
he is an amazing creation , but he has no [purpose] .

The WP reports that all five Law Lords ruled that a former head of state , unlike a sitting one , has but limited immunity : he or she can be forced into court to answer for actions that are not part of the legitimate function of government .
the wp reports that all five law lords ruled that a former head of state , unlike a sitting one , has but limited immunity : he or she can be forced into court to answer for actions that are not part of the legitimate [purpose] of government .

Both Times leads state that under the New Jersey profiling deal , the state police will report to a federal monitor who will have broad powers to investigate virtually any police function and who will track the cops ' patterns of arrests and traffic stops to make sure that minorities are not being singled out .
both times leads state that under the new jersey profiling deal , the state police will report to a federal monitor who will have broad powers to investigate virtually any police [purpose] and who will track the cops ' patterns of arrests and traffic stops to make sure that minorities are not being singled out .

Those laws are in part a product of older concerns about vertical integration , so that they served the function of keeping the auto-makers from selling direct to consumers .
those laws are in part a product of older concerns about vertical integration , so that they served the [purpose] of keeping the auto-makers from selling direct to consumers .

The function of that material as liberating irony and reverse criticism , etc. , was limited to an elite minority within the audience .
the [purpose] of that material as liberating irony and reverse criticism , etc. , was limited to an elite minority within the audience .

The function of the in-house intellectual is to think up Big Ideas that are to be imprinted into the historical period of the time ( New Frontier , Great Society ) or to stroke visiting journalists or to combat other intellectuals .
the [purpose] of the in-house intellectual is to think up big ideas that are to be imprinted into the historical period of the time ( new frontier , great society ) or to stroke visiting journalists or to combat other intellectuals .

If we do not get up to our elbows in the real mix of real movies , real audiences , and real motives for going to the movies , what function do we serve ?
if we do not get up to our elbows in the real mix of real movies , real audiences , and real motives for going to the movies , what [purpose] do we serve ?

Since markets function best when there 's more information , the market will work less well if Regulation FD is ratified .
since markets [purpose] best when there 's more information , the market will work less well if regulation fd is ratified .

Oh , there are hot-bed motels out near the airport , a lovely thing for those who can only function sexually in 1972 ; the waterbeds and mirrors must be a great comfort .
oh , there are hot-bed motels out near the airport , a lovely thing for those who can only [purpose] sexually in 1972 ; the waterbeds and mirrors must be a great comfort .

In a front-page La Stampa editorial Monday , a former Italian ambassador to Washington , Boris Biancheri , took issue with Blair and claimed that Britain 's part in the Iraq bombing `` had above all the function of covering up what would have otherwise been an excessively visible American isolation . ''
in a front-page la stampa editorial monday , a former italian ambassador to washington , boris biancheri , took issue with blair and claimed that britain 's part in the iraq bombing `` had above all the [purpose] of covering up what would have otherwise been an excessively visible american isolation . ''

I believe that Clinton 's performance , before and after his perjuries , has universally generated such a response of disapproval , ranging from cynicism to disgust , as to degrade the ability of the presidency to serve its function .
i believe that clinton 's performance , before and after his perjuries , has universally generated such a response of disapproval , ranging from cynicism to disgust , as to degrade the ability of the presidency to serve its [purpose] .

This is not a reflection of declining athletic standards in Britain , however ; it 's a function of how much more competitive other nations have become .
this is not a reflection of declining athletic standards in britain , however ; it 's a [purpose] of how much more competitive other nations have become .

Setting maximum terms of between six and 12 years in office would function as an antidote to Potomac fever and restore the place of the `` citizen legislator , '' whose loyalty would remain with the voters who elected him , not the institution in which he served .
setting maximum terms of between six and 12 years in office would [purpose] as an antidote to potomac fever and restore the place of the `` citizen legislator , '' whose loyalty would remain with the voters who elected him , not the institution in which he served .

The humbling of Clinton would also serve a political function : It would placate conservatives , especially if service were combined with a haymaker congressional censure .
the humbling of clinton would also serve a political [purpose] : it would placate conservatives , especially if service were combined with a haymaker congressional censure .

The fight over the `` protective function privilege '' has raised complicated , delicate , and important questions about presidential privacy and the obligations of the Secret Service .
the fight over the `` protective [purpose] privilege '' has raised complicated , delicate , and important questions about presidential privacy and the obligations of the secret service .

She declared that , for the public realm to function effectively , participants must display a love of glory .
she declared that , for the public realm to [purpose] effectively , participants must display a love of glory .

For the most part , the DOE is an anachronism whose main function under Clinton has been to generate embarrassing news stories about Secretary Hazel O'Leary 's expensive globe-trotting .
for the most part , the doe is an anachronism whose main [purpose] under clinton has been to generate embarrassing news stories about secretary hazel o'leary 's expensive globe-trotting .

How does the market for an industry with Lancaster-type differentiated products function ?
how does the market for an industry with lancaster-type differentiated products [purpose] ?

Though there is disagreement on the subject , good sense and good taste would seem to dictate that this perfectly normal function can be carried out in public with as little obviousness as is feasible .
though there is disagreement on the subject , good sense and good taste would seem to dictate that this perfectly normal [purpose] can be carried out in public with as little obviousness as is feasible .

Slate articles by using the `` Search Slate Archives '' function at the bottom of each page or by going to the Archives page ( also accessible in the `` Utilities '' drop-down menu ) .
slate articles by using the `` search slate archives '' [purpose] at the bottom of each page or by going to the archives page ( also accessible in the `` utilities '' drop-down menu ) .

The Archives page features , among other delights , a virtual reality function that allows you to imagine that it is any week since June 1996 , re-create the Slate Table of Contents , and relive the excitement of that particular moment .
the archives page features , among other delights , a virtual reality [purpose] that allows you to imagine that it is any week since june 1996 , re-create the slate table of contents , and relive the excitement of that particular moment .

He said at a World Wildlife Fund function : `` If it has got four legs and it 's not a chair , if it has got two wings and it is not an aeroplane , and if it swims and it 's not a submarine , the Cantonese will eat it . ''
he said at a world wildlife fund [purpose] : `` if it has got four legs and it 's not a chair , if it has got two wings and it is not an aeroplane , and if it swims and it 's not a submarine , the cantonese will eat it . ''

The iBook , pictured here , can function like a cordless phone , allowing users to connect to the Internet while roaming up to 150 feet from a telephone jack .
the ibook , pictured here , can [purpose] like a cordless phone , allowing users to connect to the internet while roaming up to 150 feet from a telephone jack .

There 's a scary irony built into the material : that the people charged with saving lives on the streets ca n't function at normal rhythms ; that their amphetamine-jag intensity can make them as likely to want to murder people as to revive them .
there 's a scary irony built into the material : that the people charged with saving lives on the streets ca n't [purpose] at normal rhythms ; that their amphetamine-jag intensity can make them as likely to want to murder people as to revive them .

The Bosnians -- in whose name Rieff brings his indictment against an indifferent world -- function as a kind of abstraction .
the bosnians -- in whose name rieff brings his indictment against an indifferent world -- [purpose] as a kind of abstraction .

It said his main task -- in addition to improving military capabilities and technology in Europe `` so that all members , not just the bigger ones , can play their full parts in operations such as Kosovo '' -- was to ensure that NATO `` continues to function as one , unified alliance . ''
it said his main task -- in addition to improving military capabilities and technology in europe `` so that all members , not just the bigger ones , can play their full parts in operations such as kosovo '' -- was to ensure that nato `` continues to [purpose] as one , unified alliance . ''

Then it turned out that without them the markets could barely function .
then it turned out that without them the markets could barely [purpose] .

How they work , allegedly : Ginseng improves adrenal gland function , ginkgo helps circulation , and Echinacea boosts white blood cells .
how they work , allegedly : ginseng improves adrenal gland [purpose] , ginkgo helps circulation , and echinacea boosts white blood cells .

As Jodie T. Allen in Slate in 1997 , a primary function of any disaster is to funnel pork to important states .
as jodie t. allen in slate in 1997 , a primary [purpose] of any disaster is to funnel pork to important states .

With Tarzan monopolizing the highest and lowest rungs of the Chain of Being , the `` natives '' find themselves deprived of the one asset that racist mythology attributed to them , closeness to the animals , leaving them without any particular function in the economy of kitsch literature , except to be rescued by Tarzan from rogue elephants and the occasional witch doctor .
with tarzan monopolizing the highest and lowest rungs of the chain of being , the `` natives '' find themselves deprived of the one asset that racist mythology attributed to them , closeness to the animals , leaving them without any particular [purpose] in the economy of kitsch literature , except to be rescued by tarzan from rogue elephants and the occasional witch doctor .

Our bodies contain 2 pounds to 4 pounds of calcium , 99 percent of which is in our bones and teeth , the rest circulates in the blood where it is necessary for nervous-system function .
our bodies contain 2 pounds to 4 pounds of calcium , 99 percent of which is in our bones and teeth , the rest circulates in the blood where it is necessary for nervous-system [purpose] .

My function in this street scene is to hold the girls ' camera and take their picture with the Star .
my [purpose] in this street scene is to hold the girls ' camera and take their picture with the star .

Most importantly , they will not understand the function of the external funds being provided by the International Monetary Fund and some countries , or where the whole process is heading .
most importantly , they will not understand the [purpose] of the external funds being provided by the international monetary fund and some countries , or where the whole process is heading .

I 've come to see this as a legitimate function of reading and writing .
i 've come to see this as a legitimate [purpose] of reading and writing .

The answers are a nice springboard for talking about : 1 ) how you go about reforming language , and what limitations you 'd face ( just saying it wo n't make it so ) ; 2 ) how expressions like `` you know '' actually function linguistically ( people are n't saying `` you know '' just to annoy you , even if that 's the effect ) ; and 3 ) the nature of language etiquette , taboo , euphemism , and context .
the answers are a nice springboard for talking about : 1 ) how you go about reforming language , and what limitations you 'd face ( just saying it wo n't make it so ) ; 2 ) how expressions like `` you know '' actually [purpose] linguistically ( people are n't saying `` you know '' just to annoy you , even if that 's the effect ) ; and 3 ) the nature of language etiquette , taboo , euphemism , and context .

What happened in the Senate , the papers report , is that in successive votes to force floor consideration of two campaign reform measures -- one simply a ban of the unregulated campaign use of donations made to the national political parties ( `` soft money '' ) , the other a broader bill that also would have tightened rules about `` issue ads '' that actually function in support of particular candidates -- the pro forces achieved slim majorities , but fell short of the 60 votes required to cut off a filibuster against the measures .
what happened in the senate , the papers report , is that in successive votes to force floor consideration of two campaign reform measures -- one simply a ban of the unregulated campaign use of donations made to the national political parties ( `` soft money '' ) , the other a broader bill that also would have tightened rules about `` issue ads '' that actually [purpose] in support of particular candidates -- the pro forces achieved slim majorities , but fell short of the 60 votes required to cut off a filibuster against the measures .

One recent British study found that RF may cause brain cells to react as if they were being heated ( though no temperature increase was observed ) , which investigators hypothesized may damage cell function over long periods of time .
one recent british study found that rf may cause brain cells to react as if they were being heated ( though no temperature increase was observed ) , which investigators hypothesized may damage cell [purpose] over long periods of time .

The porn shops are all but gone , nightclubs find it nearly impossible to function after getting busted all the time , and now he 's stopping the rent check to the biggest cultural institution in Brooklyn .
the porn shops are all but gone , nightclubs find it nearly impossible to [purpose] after getting busted all the time , and now he 's stopping the rent check to the biggest cultural institution in brooklyn .

Equity options , just like commodity and currency futures , can and often do serve a hedging function .
equity options , just like commodity and currency futures , can and often do serve a hedging [purpose] .

While that is no easy task , we ought not forget that the IRS currently performs this very function in administering the estate and gift tax .
while that is no easy task , we ought not forget that the irs currently performs this very [purpose] in administering the estate and gift tax .

The final crucial detail that ensures that this world and our financial markets will always function smoothly is that the sharks can become bottom feeders , and vice versa .
the final crucial detail that ensures that this world and our financial markets will always [purpose] smoothly is that the sharks can become bottom feeders , and vice versa .

Not only does Volokh blur the constitutional issues raised by legislation like the Communications Decency Act , but he also misinforms readers about the function and effectiveness of software-content filters -- facts that are central to understanding the public debate about regulating content on the Net .
not only does volokh blur the constitutional issues raised by legislation like the communications decency act , but he also misinforms readers about the [purpose] and effectiveness of software-content filters -- facts that are central to understanding the public debate about regulating content on the net .

The judges ruled that `` torture of his own subjects or of aliens would not be regarded by international law as a function of a head of state . ''
the judges ruled that `` torture of his own subjects or of aliens would not be regarded by international law as a [purpose] of a head of state . ''

The day may be not so far off when we can accomplish this function better with a subsidized Internet account and a free digital reading device .
the day may be not so far off when we can accomplish this [purpose] better with a subsidized internet account and a free digital reading device .

Dario Fo 's play Accidental Death of an Anarchist proved that the Grouchoesque clown could be an anarchic avenger , driving fascists to apoplexy ; and Lina Wertmuller 's Seven Beauties ( 1976 ) , however gross and ham-handed , at least suggested that a concentration camp could function as a legitimate setting for a black-comic parable about a parasite 's struggle to survive at all costs .
dario fo 's play accidental death of an anarchist proved that the grouchoesque clown could be an anarchic avenger , driving fascists to apoplexy ; and lina wertmuller 's seven beauties ( 1976 ) , however gross and ham-handed , at least suggested that a concentration camp could [purpose] as a legitimate setting for a black-comic parable about a parasite 's struggle to survive at all costs .

Miles sets the situation into historical context : `` What made the fortune , so to speak , of the God of Israel , '' he observes , `` was that he combined two functions previously separate : on the one hand , the function of the Mesopotamian personal God , a kind of guardian angel whose responsibilities were concentrated on one man or woman but whose powers were also limited ; on the other , the function of the Canaanite/Mesopotamian high God , El , whose attention to any individual man or woman was slight or unpredictable but whose powers were universal .
miles sets the situation into historical context : `` what made the fortune , so to speak , of the god of israel , '' he observes , `` was that he combined two functions previously separate : on the one hand , the [purpose] of the mesopotamian personal god , a kind of guardian angel whose responsibilities were concentrated on one man or woman but whose powers were also limited ; on the other , the [purpose] of the canaanite/mesopotamian high god , el , whose attention to any individual man or woman was slight or unpredictable but whose powers were universal .

Likewise , his team often briefed reporters on background because `` we have the duty to engage in a proper public information function , '' particularly `` to combat misinformation . ''
likewise , his team often briefed reporters on background because `` we have the duty to engage in a proper public information [purpose] , '' particularly `` to combat misinformation . ''

On stage , every character , every prop , every interjection has a precise symbolic function ; on film , those elements no longer stand out in relief .
on stage , every character , every prop , every interjection has a precise symbolic [purpose] ; on film , those elements no longer stand out in relief .

Shepard 's martyrdom is in part a function of timing .
shepard 's martyrdom is in part a [purpose] of timing .

Chatterbox would love to dismiss the idea that a president 's function is to be a `` role model , '' as opposed to simply an effective president .
chatterbox would love to dismiss the idea that a president 's [purpose] is to be a `` role model , '' as opposed to simply an effective president .

An essay claims the left and the right now function solely in reaction to `` the Reagan revolution '' and `` the Sixties , '' respectively .
an essay claims the left and the right now [purpose] solely in reaction to `` the reagan revolution '' and `` the sixties , '' respectively .

An article predicts that smart cards , a microchip-laden credit/debit card , already popular in Europe , will soon catch on in America : `` In theory , a single smart card could replace a fistful of credit and debit cards , serve as a driver 's license , store a person 's medical history , feed a parking meter , and function as a tamperproof personal ID encoded with an individual 's fingerprint . ''
an article predicts that smart cards , a microchip-laden credit/debit card , already popular in europe , will soon catch on in america : `` in theory , a single smart card could replace a fistful of credit and debit cards , serve as a driver 's license , store a person 's medical history , feed a parking meter , and [purpose] as a tamperproof personal id encoded with an individual 's fingerprint . ''

If , for any reason , you can not or would prefer not to perform this function ( as the flight attendants like to say ) , just e-mail us at slate @ msn.com .
if , for any reason , you can not or would prefer not to perform this [purpose] ( as the flight attendants like to say ) , just e-mail us at slate @ msn.com .

In fact I 'm not bitter -- the Voice was where I really developed as a writer and editor , and I 'm grateful to it , on the whole -- I 'm just frustrated : I think the paper served a crucial function as a space for cultural reporting and analysis and culturally radical ideas that were censored elsewhere , and it is n't serving that function anymore , nor has any other publication come close to replacing it .
in fact i 'm not bitter -- the voice was where i really developed as a writer and editor , and i 'm grateful to it , on the whole -- i 'm just frustrated : i think the paper served a crucial [purpose] as a space for cultural reporting and analysis and culturally radical ideas that were censored elsewhere , and it is n't serving that [purpose] anymore , nor has any other publication come close to replacing it .

In a later editorial , the New Republic proposed U.N. control , rightly pointing out that `` however problematic the U.N. remains politically , it ought to be able to function on a humanitarian level . ''
in a later editorial , the new republic proposed u.n. control , rightly pointing out that `` however problematic the u.n. remains politically , it ought to be able to [purpose] on a humanitarian level . ''

The Süddeutche Zeitung of Munich said it hopes this will be the last German election in which millions of residents are n't allowed to vote because of their immigrant status : `` Democracy does n't function when certain people are excluded . ''
the süddeutche zeitung of munich said it hopes this will be the last german election in which millions of residents are n't allowed to vote because of their immigrant status : `` democracy does n't [purpose] when certain people are excluded . ''

Their findings : the amount of medical care received varies tremendously around the country and is apparently more a function of what 's available than of what 's needed .
their findings : the amount of medical care received varies tremendously around the country and is apparently more a [purpose] of what 's available than of what 's needed .

That teaching , done right , requires all of a teacher 's emotional and intellectual resources ; that we accord teachers neither the respect nor the pay they need to function well in their jobs ; that few public school teachers come close to the ideal or leave the students with anything like what they need to get by -- all this seems like a good argument for better pay scales and reform in the educational system that produces teachers .
that teaching , done right , requires all of a teacher 's emotional and intellectual resources ; that we accord teachers neither the respect nor the pay they need to [purpose] well in their jobs ; that few public school teachers come close to the ideal or leave the students with anything like what they need to get by -- all this seems like a good argument for better pay scales and reform in the educational system that produces teachers .

Partisan passion about hair has been keenest in gender politics -- expressed mainly by women cutting off their hair and by men growing it -- since hair is universally erotic and has no function except as a vehicle of pleasure and meaning .
partisan passion about hair has been keenest in gender politics -- expressed mainly by women cutting off their hair and by men growing it -- since hair is universally erotic and has no [purpose] except as a vehicle of pleasure and meaning .

The true relevance of lateralization of function will be ascertained only by careful research that acknowledges that aspects of this function develop throughout the life span , beginning at birth , if not before .
the true relevance of lateralization of [purpose] will be ascertained only by careful research that acknowledges that aspects of this [purpose] develop throughout the life span , beginning at birth , if not before .

There are tough sports bras for active women , cleverly minimizing bras for the very abundant , and scores of confections with no function but to delight , whether on bodies or in pictures .
there are tough sports bras for active women , cleverly minimizing bras for the very abundant , and scores of confections with no [purpose] but to delight , whether on bodies or in pictures .

The most poignant parts of her books detail the pressures Scarpetta faces as an executive who 's responsible for the welfare of her subordinates but under ruthless pressure to deliver results ; the impossibility of sorting through overwhelming floods of information and straining for an educated guess ; the sadness of a life lived in helicopters and planes rather than in hotels ; the inadequacy of colleagues who function like family but are n't .
the most poignant parts of her books detail the pressures scarpetta faces as an executive who 's responsible for the welfare of her subordinates but under ruthless pressure to deliver results ; the impossibility of sorting through overwhelming floods of information and straining for an educated guess ; the sadness of a life lived in helicopters and planes rather than in hotels ; the inadequacy of colleagues who [purpose] like family but are n't .

One of the great things about High Fidelity was the way it made emotional epiphanies function as plot .
one of the great things about high fidelity was the way it made emotional epiphanies [purpose] as plot .

Is this a function of feminist lawmaking or the free market and empowered , money-making women ?
is this a [purpose] of feminist lawmaking or the free market and empowered , money-making women ?

They performed a very vital function for me .
they performed a very vital [purpose] for me .

For the most part , however , listening to lingerie designers ramble insipidly about the form , function , and sensuousness of undies makes one suspect that the special was conceived largely as an excuse to show shot after shot of scantily clad breast , buns , and crotches .
for the most part , however , listening to lingerie designers ramble insipidly about the form , [purpose] , and sensuousness of undies makes one suspect that the special was conceived largely as an excuse to show shot after shot of scantily clad breast , buns , and crotches .

USAT reports that the makers of the best-selling drug in the U.S , Astra , has agreed to pay a record nearly $ 10 million to female employees who claimed that they were pressured for sex by company officials and urged to wear bikinis at a beach function .
usat reports that the makers of the best-selling drug in the u.s , astra , has agreed to pay a record nearly $ 10 million to female employees who claimed that they were pressured for sex by company officials and urged to wear bikinis at a beach [purpose] .

The magazine 's contribution , feminist in its own way , is the utility of a plan that allows each room to have another function depending on the age of the owners , their children , and their parents -- utility in the service of family unity .
the magazine 's contribution , feminist in its own way , is the utility of a plan that allows each room to have another [purpose] depending on the age of the owners , their children , and their parents -- utility in the service of family unity .

In any case , splits have become so routine , and in some sense so expected , that any signaling function they might have had has been vaporized .
in any case , splits have become so routine , and in some sense so expected , that any signaling [purpose] they might have had has been vaporized .

The papers explain the basic point of the medical error recommendations : most slip-ups occur not from individual ineptness but from structural flaws in the ways hospitals and caregivers function .
the papers explain the basic point of the medical error recommendations : most slip-ups occur not from individual ineptness but from structural flaws in the ways hospitals and caregivers [purpose] .

The real question Boaz begs is why the laws he thinks are necessary for society to function , including fair chunks of the U.S. Constitution , count as `` spontaneous '' and good while everything else is defined as coercion .
the real question boaz begs is why the laws he thinks are necessary for society to [purpose] , including fair chunks of the u.s. constitution , count as `` spontaneous '' and good while everything else is defined as coercion .

Later , à la Rousseau , `` As my understanding of the kinds of scripts about sexuality available to women bore down on me , the forest would function the way that fantasies of wilderness functioned for the urbanized eighteenth-century European mind : I would find myself making a mental reference to the forest when I searched for a symbol for female lust . ''
later , à la rousseau , `` as my understanding of the kinds of scripts about sexuality available to women bore down on me , the forest would [purpose] the way that fantasies of wilderness functioned for the urbanized eighteenth-century european mind : i would find myself making a mental reference to the forest when i searched for a symbol for female lust . ''

There will always be those who will refuse to accept the fact that a person can function in what appears to be a normal fashion in his or her job , and still suffer from a mental disorder .
there will always be those who will refuse to accept the fact that a person can [purpose] in what appears to be a normal fashion in his or her job , and still suffer from a mental disorder .

I describe one technology extensively in my book -- the emergence of digital certificates that will function as digital IDs .
i describe one technology extensively in my book -- the emergence of digital certificates that will [purpose] as digital ids .

The paper explains the swell -- the biggest increase in the past 20 years -- as a function of the booming economy 's job creation and of the slowing down in the late '90s of the flight of manufacturing jobs to other countries .
the paper explains the swell -- the biggest increase in the past 20 years -- as a [purpose] of the booming economy 's job creation and of the slowing down in the late '90s of the flight of manufacturing jobs to other countries .

Rather , the libertarian is someone whose objective function starts with the goal of minimizing the use of force and fraud in human interactions .
rather , the libertarian is someone whose objective [purpose] starts with the goal of minimizing the use of force and fraud in human interactions .

On the Internet , shopping engines perform the same function in reverse , while Priceline has taken the idea of differential pricing to its market-driven extreme .
on the internet , shopping engines perform the same [purpose] in reverse , while priceline has taken the idea of differential pricing to its market-driven extreme .

That 's the second part of the argument that seems to have gone missing : that the liberty , or freedom , that cyberspace guarantees now is a function of the architecture of that space .
that 's the second part of the argument that seems to have gone missing : that the liberty , or freedom , that cyberspace guarantees now is a [purpose] of the architecture of that space .

His or her `` objective function starts with the goal of minimizing the use of force and fraud in human interactions .
his or her `` objective [purpose] starts with the goal of minimizing the use of force and fraud in human interactions .

Moreover , behind the glossy covers and stilted prose , many of these little journals function as the gossip rags , the People magazines , for the science niches .
moreover , behind the glossy covers and stilted prose , many of these little journals [purpose] as the gossip rags , the people magazines , for the science niches .

Questions cover pain , mood , physical function , and the like .
questions cover pain , mood , physical [purpose] , and the like .

Zinc , a nutrient found in red meat , is known to be essential to growth and immune-system function .
zinc , a nutrient found in red meat , is known to be essential to growth and immune-system [purpose] .

What 's frustrating about all this is that the moment when a company goes public is when the stock market should function most efficiently .
what 's frustrating about all this is that the moment when a company goes public is when the stock market should [purpose] most efficiently .

While Dunlap may have cut too close to the bone , Sunbeam is not like Union Pacific or Aetna , where excessive downsizing clearly hurt their ability to function .
while dunlap may have cut too close to the bone , sunbeam is not like union pacific or aetna , where excessive downsizing clearly hurt their ability to [purpose] .

In part , this is a function of the enormous entrepreneurial boom in the computer industry over the last two and a half decades .
in part , this is a [purpose] of the enormous entrepreneurial boom in the computer industry over the last two and a half decades .

Does the family function as a welfare state in other ways ?
does the family [purpose] as a welfare state in other ways ?

Perhaps this or that function can not or should not be provided by the government .
perhaps this or that [purpose] can not or should not be provided by the government .

As someone whose work life is largely `` remote , '' I can testify to the frustration at high-tech stuff that just does n't function as it should .
as someone whose work life is largely `` remote , '' i can testify to the frustration at high-tech stuff that just does n't [purpose] as it should .

Even knowing that most of this whole function was all for buzz and hype and advertising and so on , I said , `` This was so generous of you .
even knowing that most of this whole [purpose] was all for buzz and hype and advertising and so on , i said , `` this was so generous of you .

Here we find the vivid brand names , the poetic model names , the features invented for their function but displayed for their looks -- all evoking motion , action , swift personal transport , perhaps into a better world .
here we find the vivid brand names , the poetic model names , the features invented for their [purpose] but displayed for their looks -- all evoking motion , action , swift personal transport , perhaps into a better world .

Slate offers no soft-focus or RealAudio function , but feel free to smear a little Vaseline on your monitor and hum an evocative tune to yourself as you reminisce with me .
slate offers no soft-focus or realaudio [purpose] , but feel free to smear a little vaseline on your monitor and hum an evocative tune to yourself as you reminisce with me .

The Jerusalem Post 's editorial said , however , that Barak 's landslide `` was not only a function of his opponent 's failures , but of Netanyahu 's success . ''
the jerusalem post 's editorial said , however , that barak 's landslide `` was not only a [purpose] of his opponent 's failures , but of netanyahu 's success . ''

That function is now provided by our daily papers , which offer a kind of ongoing myth , related to but not a literal rendering of any actual events , much as the Old Testament account of Noah 's Ark may allude to an actual flood , but it does n't really matter .
that [purpose] is now provided by our daily papers , which offer a kind of ongoing myth , related to but not a literal rendering of any actual events , much as the old testament account of noah 's ark may allude to an actual flood , but it does n't really matter .

The low-key coverage of the event reflected several pre-established media themes : a ) Steele is a `` peripheral '' figure hounded by a vindictive special prosecutor , Kenneth Starr ; b ) the Steele trial is a pathetic coda to Flytrap 's now-finished symphony ( `` Starr 's Last Gasps , '' says Time ) ; and c ) the sole remaining function of the case is to help determine the credibility of Kathleen Willey , the Richmond , Va. , socialite who accuses President Clinton of crudely groping her near the Oval Office in 1993 .
the low-key coverage of the event reflected several pre-established media themes : a ) steele is a `` peripheral '' figure hounded by a vindictive special prosecutor , kenneth starr ; b ) the steele trial is a pathetic coda to flytrap 's now-finished symphony ( `` starr 's last gasps , '' says time ) ; and c ) the sole remaining [purpose] of the case is to help determine the credibility of kathleen willey , the richmond , va. , socialite who accuses president clinton of crudely groping her near the oval office in 1993 .

Further , it seems to me that my preferred mode serves a useful societal function as well , by making romantic relationships somewhat more stable since somewhat more difficult to dissolve during temporary difficulties .
further , it seems to me that my preferred mode serves a useful societal [purpose] as well , by making romantic relationships somewhat more stable since somewhat more difficult to dissolve during temporary difficulties .

Ideally , you would be able to include a gentleman you 've met independently in a function involving all the old friends , thereby making a statement .
ideally , you would be able to include a gentleman you 've met independently in a [purpose] involving all the old friends , thereby making a statement .

Yuri Gagarin 's module was controlled from the ground -- engineers were unsure if he would function competently in weightlessness .
yuri gagarin 's module was controlled from the ground -- engineers were unsure if he would [purpose] competently in weightlessness .

By 1920 , the Mafia had established `` families '' ( chapters ) in most Italian-American enclaves , even in midsized cities like Rochester , N.Y. , and San Jose , Calif. Extorting protection payments continued to be its primary function .
by 1920 , the mafia had established `` families '' ( chapters ) in most italian-american enclaves , even in midsized cities like rochester , n.y. , and san jose , calif. extorting protection payments continued to be its primary [purpose] .

Slate readers have complained , with justification , that our search function did not successfully retrieve items from a few recently added departments such as `` Chatterbox '' and `` The Breakfast Table . ''
slate readers have complained , with justification , that our search [purpose] did not successfully retrieve items from a few recently added departments such as `` chatterbox '' and `` the breakfast table . ''

We are pleased to introduce , as of sometime Friday , Aug. 22 , Slate Search 2.0 -- a new , improved version of our search function .
we are pleased to introduce , as of sometime friday , aug. 22 , slate search 2.0 -- a new , improved version of our search [purpose] .

A simplified search function ( Slate Search Lite ) will appear on the bottom of every new page from now on , and the full-featured search is available on the Search Page .
a simplified search [purpose] ( slate search lite ) will appear on the bottom of every new page from now on , and the full-featured search is available on the search page .

AOL will continue to function as an independent online service .
aol will continue to [purpose] as an independent online service .

Bill took amiably and skillfully to his ambassadorial function , and is more responsible than any other person for designing the actual technology behind Slate .
bill took amiably and skillfully to his ambassadorial [purpose] , and is more responsible than any other person for designing the actual technology behind slate .

Since its creation in 1947 , the agency has always had a dual function .
since its creation in 1947 , the agency has always had a dual [purpose] .

Although unplugged from their sockets , the appliances continue to function , hinting at the battery-operated product Appliances is selling -- the Saturn EV1 electric car .
although unplugged from their sockets , the appliances continue to [purpose] , hinting at the battery-operated product appliances is selling -- the saturn ev1 electric car .

The Clinton administration had asserted a `` protective function privilege , '' which would preclude Secret Service testimony on the grounds that if the president thought his agents might testify against him , he might keep them at a distance , thereby endangering his safety .
the clinton administration had asserted a `` protective [purpose] privilege , '' which would preclude secret service testimony on the grounds that if the president thought his agents might testify against him , he might keep them at a distance , thereby endangering his safety .

The second thing happening is not so much etymological as sociological : a continuing evolution in semantic function .
the second thing happening is not so much etymological as sociological : a continuing evolution in semantic [purpose] .

The third book , Visual Explanations , is about pictures of verbs -- that is , about displays that illustrate dynamic processes and can therefore function as explanatory narratives .
the third book , visual explanations , is about pictures of verbs -- that is , about displays that illustrate dynamic processes and can therefore [purpose] as explanatory narratives .

They served precisely the same function that the names `` Gaius , '' `` Titius , '' and `` Seius '' did in ancient Rome .
they served precisely the same [purpose] that the names `` gaius , '' `` titius , '' and `` seius '' did in ancient rome .

When Ginsburg described certain testimony as being `` totally reliable , '' the words were served up in press accounts ( as , unavoidably , they also are here ) within an isolated setting of quotation marks , which function as a stage wink .
when ginsburg described certain testimony as being `` totally reliable , '' the words were served up in press accounts ( as , unavoidably , they also are here ) within an isolated setting of quotation marks , which [purpose] as a stage wink .

In the era following the Renaissance , Western women 's beauty was made to function both as a creative force and as a commodity in a Europe expanding through commerce and conquest .
in the era following the renaissance , western women 's beauty was made to [purpose] both as a creative force and as a commodity in a europe expanding through commerce and conquest .

Their dyed hair was meant not to deceive but to function as a sort of witty allusion to an outworn creed .
their dyed hair was meant not to deceive but to [purpose] as a sort of witty allusion to an outworn creed .

Just in case you were wondering if there was political correctness on Mars , both the NYT and USAT state that the rover vehicle Sojourner is not so-called because of its function , but is actually named for the black abolitionist Sojourner Truth .
just in case you were wondering if there was political correctness on mars , both the nyt and usat state that the rover vehicle sojourner is not so-called because of its [purpose] , but is actually named for the black abolitionist sojourner truth .

Does that depiction of the strike 's impact function as implicit support for the company 's position ?
does that depiction of the strike 's impact [purpose] as implicit support for the company 's position ?

They then essentially starved the cells so that they shut down normal metabolic function , entering a `` quiescent '' state , in which dedifferentiation apparently occurs .
they then essentially starved the cells so that they shut down normal metabolic [purpose] , entering a `` quiescent '' state , in which dedifferentiation apparently occurs .

To that list of lifesavers , add an upstart , `` AutoSummarize , '' a new function in the Word 97 word processor ( which is made by the same company that brings you Slate ) .
to that list of lifesavers , add an upstart , `` autosummarize , '' a new [purpose] in the word 97 word processor ( which is made by the same company that brings you slate ) .

It is not Slate 's function to tout Microsoft products , but AutoSummarize piqued our curiosity .
it is not slate 's [purpose] to tout microsoft products , but autosummarize piqued our curiosity .

Modern financial theory is highly dependent on such strange theoretical beings -- greedy fortunetellers who can compute the third derivative of their utility function .
modern financial theory is highly dependent on such strange theoretical beings -- greedy fortunetellers who can compute the third derivative of their utility [purpose] .

That is Fannie Mae 's social function .
that is fannie mae 's social [purpose] .

These days , however , that function is served by many private companies : Mortgage-backed securities are a roaring business .
these days , however , that [purpose] is served by many private companies : mortgage-backed securities are a roaring business .

Fannie Mae 's executive salaries resemble those of a real private company of its size , even though its size is largely a function of the federal guarantee and its business is not as complex as size alone would suggest .
fannie mae 's executive salaries resemble those of a real private company of its size , even though its size is largely a [purpose] of the federal guarantee and its business is not as complex as size alone would suggest .

The story notes that housing purchases are a function of household formations , which are a function of demographics , which augur a bit of retrenchment .
the story notes that housing purchases are a [purpose] of household formations , which are a [purpose] of demographics , which augur a bit of retrenchment .

Any computer/Internet paucity among students attending traditionally black colleges may be a function of their own interests and choices rather than of affordability .
any computer/internet paucity among students attending traditionally black colleges may be a [purpose] of their own interests and choices rather than of affordability .

USA Today and the Washington Post lead with a federal appeals court ruling that Secret Service agents are not relieved from testifying before Kenneth Starr 's grand jury by any so-called `` protective function '' privilege .
usa today and the washington post lead with a federal appeals court ruling that secret service agents are not relieved from testifying before kenneth starr 's grand jury by any so-called `` protective [purpose] '' privilege .

Federal safety regulators have also been busy with the problem : they are , says USAT , investigating airbag function in Mitsibushi Mirages ( prompted by a 1994 death of a man ) and in several Subaru , Mazda and Chrysler models .
federal safety regulators have also been busy with the problem : they are , says usat , investigating airbag [purpose] in mitsibushi mirages ( prompted by a 1994 death of a man ) and in several subaru , mazda and chrysler models .

Among the legal subtexts to Rehnquist 's decision : Even if the Supreme Court agrees to hear the government 's case that Secret Service agents should not be allowed to testify -- and , further , in the unlikely event that the Court overturns the U.S. Court of Appeals ' decision discounting the Secret Service claim of `` protective function privilege '' -- the Secret Service 's testimony in the Lewinsky matter will stand .
among the legal subtexts to rehnquist 's decision : even if the supreme court agrees to hear the government 's case that secret service agents should not be allowed to testify -- and , further , in the unlikely event that the court overturns the u.s. court of appeals ' decision discounting the secret service claim of `` protective [purpose] privilege '' -- the secret service 's testimony in the lewinsky matter will stand .

The work in question offers nothing regarding language , so its review here is ancillary to the main function of VERBATIM .
the work in question offers nothing regarding language , so its review here is ancillary to the main [purpose] of verbatim .

Set phrases not only serve as arresting openings and closings in advertising ; they also function as headlines in newspaper articles , quotable climaxes in political speeches , and punch-lines in jokes , as when a Times journalist attending a demonstration of teachers outside Parliament wrote :
set phrases not only serve as arresting openings and closings in advertising ; they also [purpose] as headlines in newspaper articles , quotable climaxes in political speeches , and punch-lines in jokes , as when a times journalist attending a demonstration of teachers outside parliament wrote :

He could have mentioned a most important function that the book fulfills : that of setting straight the many misapprehensions regarding the origins of English place-names .
he could have mentioned a most important [purpose] that the book fulfills : that of setting straight the many misapprehensions regarding the origins of english place-names .

She then proceeds to call see physically and see comprehend homonyms , as well as provoke anger and provoke cause , run physical sense and run work , function , and attack physically and attack verbally .
she then proceeds to call see physically and see comprehend homonyms , as well as provoke anger and provoke cause , run physical sense and run work , [purpose] , and attack physically and attack verbally .

In fine , while there is no doubt that the Companion will -- and should -- become a standard work on the language , one must not impute to its function anything more than its service as a guide : the English language is unimaginably vast , in its origins and history , in its literary , philosophical , psychological , social , and specialized applications , and in the descriptions of its grammar , usage , dialects , and lexicon , both historical and contemporary .
in fine , while there is no doubt that the companion will -- and should -- become a standard work on the language , one must not impute to its [purpose] anything more than its service as a guide : the english language is unimaginably vast , in its origins and history , in its literary , philosophical , psychological , social , and specialized applications , and in the descriptions of its grammar , usage , dialects , and lexicon , both historical and contemporary .

The function of business jargon is threefold : it describes new phenomena ( PCN , Knowbot ) ; it can camouflage unpleasantness ( Decruitment , RIF ) ; or it can simply amuse ( Globasm , Glocal ) .
the [purpose] of business jargon is threefold : it describes new phenomena ( pcn , knowbot ) ; it can camouflage unpleasantness ( decruitment , rif ) ; or it can simply amuse ( globasm , glocal ) .

Both widget and terminator are common English words -- a widget is a ` gadget , or gizmo , ' in case you did not know -- and they literally describe the function of the product , which is to remove pesky widgets , so you can not claim them as your own or prevent others from using them .
both widget and terminator are common english words -- a widget is a ` gadget , or gizmo , ' in case you did not know -- and they literally describe the [purpose] of the product , which is to remove pesky widgets , so you can not claim them as your own or prevent others from using them .

Although dictionary maker Noah Webster was instrumental in passing our first federal copyright laws to protect an author 's intellectual property , the name Webster ceased to function as an exclusive trademark when the original Webster 's copyright ran out .
although dictionary maker noah webster was instrumental in passing our first federal copyright laws to protect an author 's intellectual property , the name webster ceased to [purpose] as an exclusive trademark when the original webster 's copyright ran out .

Normally , a title can not function as a trademark , which is why different books can have the same title , as long as their contents are different and there is no intent to deceive the public .
normally , a title can not [purpose] as a trademark , which is why different books can have the same title , as long as their contents are different and there is no intent to deceive the public .

Both products became so popular that their names began to function as generics in the public mind , and because of that the courts have ruled that other companies could use these words , uncapitalized , so long as they did not attempt to confuse or deceive the public .
both products became so popular that their names began to [purpose] as generics in the public mind , and because of that the courts have ruled that other companies could use these words , uncapitalized , so long as they did not attempt to confuse or deceive the public .

Many publishers , either fearing litigation or simply because they are sensitive to questions of ownership of the printed word , prefer to take a cautions approach to trademarks , capitalizing words like Xerox , Coke , and Formica in print , though at least one major dictionary recognizes the uncapitalized form of xerox , and allows it to function as a verb .
many publishers , either fearing litigation or simply because they are sensitive to questions of ownership of the printed word , prefer to take a cautions approach to trademarks , capitalizing words like xerox , coke , and formica in print , though at least one major dictionary recognizes the uncapitalized form of xerox , and allows it to [purpose] as a verb .

That is a function , that is precious .
that is a [purpose] , that is precious .

While doing so , Asimov furnished English with robotic and robotical , roboticist an ` expert in their production and operation , ' robotics the ` science of their design and function , ' and roboticized ` rendered mechanical . '
while doing so , asimov furnished english with robotic and robotical , roboticist an ` expert in their production and operation , ' robotics the ` science of their design and [purpose] , ' and roboticized ` rendered mechanical . '

The words could be which precede the anagram grounded have a special function .
the words could be which precede the anagram grounded have a special [purpose] .

General dictionaries give etymologies , albeit brief ones , of most of the words they list and fulfill a useful , if limited function .
general dictionaries give etymologies , albeit brief ones , of most of the words they list and fulfill a useful , if limited [purpose] .

Another entry under L is Laadan , a language constructed by linguist Suzette Hayden Elgin and first used in her science fiction novel Native Tongue , a language which is designed to contain many “ woman function ” words not included in English .
another entry under l is laadan , a language constructed by linguist suzette hayden elgin and first used in her science fiction novel native tongue , a language which is designed to contain many “ woman [purpose] ” words not included in english .

To put it differently , it is not ( yet ) the function of the dictionary to show that articles ( definite or indefinite ) are not usually found preceding man in senses 2 and 3 but are invariably present before sense 1 uses .
to put it differently , it is not ( yet ) the [purpose] of the dictionary to show that articles ( definite or indefinite ) are not usually found preceding man in senses 2 and 3 but are invariably present before sense 1 uses .

In the Roman Catholic Church , for example , women can function as acolytes ( one of the minor orders of the diaconate ) but may not be officially installed as acolytes .
in the roman catholic church , for example , women can [purpose] as acolytes ( one of the minor orders of the diaconate ) but may not be officially installed as acolytes .

More generally , the size of a dictionary is a function of two variables : the number of items entered ( its “ macrostructure ” ) , and the amount of information given about them ( its “ microstructure ” ) .
more generally , the size of a dictionary is a [purpose] of two variables : the number of items entered ( its “ macrostructure ” ) , and the amount of information given about them ( its “ microstructure ” ) .

It would probably fulfill its function if those impelled to study it learn what it contains—then promptly forget it the day after the exam .
it would probably fulfill its [purpose] if those impelled to study it learn what it contains—then promptly forget it the day after the exam .

In More Foreign Treasures [ XXIII,1,13 ] , die öffentliche Hand ( singular , not plural ) denotes the state and the municipalities in their function as administrators and dispensers of taxes and public funds .
in more foreign treasures [ xxiii,1,13 ] , die öffentliche hand ( singular , not plural ) denotes the state and the municipalities in their [purpose] as administrators and dispensers of taxes and public funds .

The adjectives are always vivid : the colors rawn and pallow and smaudre ( which also function as nouns ) , and squalmaceous or halcositic .
the adjectives are always vivid : the colors rawn and pallow and smaudre ( which also [purpose] as nouns ) , and squalmaceous or halcositic .

Although there are still a few Dharuk descendants in the vicinity of Sydney , and these may still use a handful of Dharuk words , Dharuk effectively ceased to function as a language by the mid-19th century .
although there are still a few dharuk descendants in the vicinity of sydney , and these may still use a handful of dharuk words , dharuk effectively ceased to [purpose] as a language by the mid-19th century .

It is used to describe compounds composed of an adjective and a substantive so as to form , principally , a possessive adjective , like bahuvrihi itself ; it also forms a compound that is different grammatically from its head member and , particularly , plurals that function as singular nouns , as in lazy-bones , sly-boots .
it is used to describe compounds composed of an adjective and a substantive so as to form , principally , a possessive adjective , like bahuvrihi itself ; it also forms a compound that is different grammatically from its head member and , particularly , plurals that [purpose] as singular nouns , as in lazy-bones , sly-boots .

In principle , one must question the function of a grammar .
in principle , one must question the [purpose] of a grammar .

One difference is that other groups need to do so because in order to function they must either attach new meanings to existing words and phrases or coin new words and pharases .
one difference is that other groups need to do so because in order to [purpose] they must either attach new meanings to existing words and phrases or coin new words and pharases .

In the long run , however , dictionary reviews probably serve no function : in the face of the relatively overwhelming funds at the disposal of some publishers to promote their books , reviews fail to dissuade people from buying bad dictionaries ; such a small percentage of the dictionary-buying public attend to reviews that their effect is slight even when favourable ; finally , the value of a dictionary to an individual can be tested only over long use , which even the wisest reviewer can not anticipate .
in the long run , however , dictionary reviews probably serve no [purpose] : in the face of the relatively overwhelming funds at the disposal of some publishers to promote their books , reviews fail to dissuade people from buying bad dictionaries ; such a small percentage of the dictionary-buying public attend to reviews that their effect is slight even when favourable ; finally , the value of a dictionary to an individual can be tested only over long use , which even the wisest reviewer can not anticipate .

It is the proper function of a reviewer to question the reason behind the publication of a book , though , in the present case I believe it to be that Oxford University Press took a long , hard look at the revenues to be realized from a dictionary that could compete , in the UK market at least , with dictionaries of similar length published by Collins , Longman , Chambers , and others .
it is the proper [purpose] of a reviewer to question the reason behind the publication of a book , though , in the present case i believe it to be that oxford university press took a long , hard look at the revenues to be realized from a dictionary that could compete , in the uk market at least , with dictionaries of similar length published by collins , longman , chambers , and others .

Hendrickson has performed a useful function in gathering the words and expressions in one place , but it would have been helpful had he given some indication as to how some entries were uttered .
hendrickson has performed a useful [purpose] in gathering the words and expressions in one place , but it would have been helpful had he given some indication as to how some entries were uttered .

The world does not function uniformly , however : for cultural reasons there are words in some languages that are unutterable by women , and we certainly have experience with taboo words in English .
the world does not [purpose] uniformly , however : for cultural reasons there are words in some languages that are unutterable by women , and we certainly have experience with taboo words in english .

While it is the function of metaphor to conceal the unmentionables , it is likewise the pleasurable business of etymology to expose them .
while it is the [purpose] of metaphor to conceal the unmentionables , it is likewise the pleasurable business of etymology to expose them .

Clichés in writing are another matter ; depending on the style striven for , they might conceivably serve a function ; as with everything else , overdoing them can create a long-winded , boring experience .
clichés in writing are another matter ; depending on the style striven for , they might conceivably serve a [purpose] ; as with everything else , overdoing them can create a long-winded , boring experience .

Serve a function is such a collocation as are ( from the preceding paragraph ) from the standpoint of , provide relief , present a [ or no ] problem , as often [ or any adjective/adverb ] as , noun phrases like eye contact , lack of understanding , member of his [ or any pronoun , name , or article ] audience , background noise , and attention span .
serve a [purpose] is such a collocation as are ( from the preceding paragraph ) from the standpoint of , provide relief , present a [ or no ] problem , as often [ or any adjective/adverb ] as , noun phrases like eye contact , lack of understanding , member of his [ or any pronoun , name , or article ] audience , background noise , and attention span .

I tell them that when a specific word for a thing or a function is lacking in a language it must indicate that the thing or the function itself is a concept that is either unknown or is considered unimportant .
i tell them that when a specific word for a thing or a [purpose] is lacking in a language it must indicate that the thing or the [purpose] itself is a concept that is either unknown or is considered unimportant .

Somehow , the proper understanding of how we function semiotically ( I 'm trying to avoid the word language for now ) needs to be built into any educational system by which succeeding generations are taught the most effective way of sharing human experience—both domestic and foreign .
somehow , the proper understanding of how we [purpose] semiotically ( i 'm trying to avoid the word language for now ) needs to be built into any educational system by which succeeding generations are taught the most effective way of sharing human experience—both domestic and foreign .

These words express concepts that can not be drawn with straightedge and compass : their flexibility is essential to their function .
these words express concepts that can not be drawn with straightedge and compass : their flexibility is essential to their [purpose] .

Luscious paragraphs of whereases , corporate powers , trustees duties , and events of default can be mined from these monster quarries to be fitted , with no other purpose than to encumber lean documents that already perform their function .
luscious paragraphs of whereases , corporate powers , trustees duties , and events of default can be mined from these monster quarries to be fitted , with no other purpose than to encumber lean documents that already perform their [purpose] .

This impression is reinforced not only by the publisher 's being a university press but by the declaration in the Introduction that “ This study is concerned with the function of Yiddish in American life and literature. ’ No such study , however , appears in the book .
this impression is reinforced not only by the publisher 's being a university press but by the declaration in the introduction that “ this study is concerned with the [purpose] of yiddish in american life and literature. ’ no such study , however , appears in the book .

The way printed versions of such books function is for the user to look up associated information .
the way printed versions of such books [purpose] is for the user to look up associated information .

Aristotle says that Democritus conceived atoms—the word means unsplittables ( Greek a- , not- , plus tomos , a cut , section ) —as being particles at variance with one another which tend to get ensnarled and interlocked ... fit snugly and so catch firm hold of one another , for some bodies are scalene while others are sharply hooked , some are concave , others convex ... ( As it turns out , atoms do n't quite work this way ; but complex molecules , particularly organic compounds , often do , which is why surface proteins of a cell that function as receptor sites for harmful invaders such as viruses can be blocked with other molecules of the appropriate shape , and why , when placed in a solution of mixed sugars , some bacteria flunk the membership test for the Clean Plate Club because they can digest dextrose but leave its mirror image , levulose , untouched . )
aristotle says that democritus conceived atoms—the word means unsplittables ( greek a- , not- , plus tomos , a cut , section ) —as being particles at variance with one another which tend to get ensnarled and interlocked ... fit snugly and so catch firm hold of one another , for some bodies are scalene while others are sharply hooked , some are concave , others convex ... ( as it turns out , atoms do n't quite work this way ; but complex molecules , particularly organic compounds , often do , which is why surface proteins of a cell that [purpose] as receptor sites for harmful invaders such as viruses can be blocked with other molecules of the appropriate shape , and why , when placed in a solution of mixed sugars , some bacteria flunk the membership test for the clean plate club because they can digest dextrose but leave its mirror image , levulose , untouched . )

Of course , most ups and downs function as simple opposites , as in uptown versus downtown .
of course , most ups and downs [purpose] as simple opposites , as in uptown versus downtown .

Personal names as well as political events or dates function in symphony titles .
personal names as well as political events or dates [purpose] in symphony titles .

To soften the ethnic term in such cases it can still be used adjectivally , as in the example already given or in : “ A Russian guy once told me ... ” Perhaps particularly where the noun and adjective are identical in form , if not function , colloquially a blunt noun is invented , such as Dutchman for German ( n. ) , Russky for Russian ( n. ) , Jap for Japanese , or Chinaman for Chinese ( n. ) .
to soften the ethnic term in such cases it can still be used adjectivally , as in the example already given or in : “ a russian guy once told me ... ” perhaps particularly where the noun and adjective are identical in form , if not [purpose] , colloquially a blunt noun is invented , such as dutchman for german ( n. ) , russky for russian ( n. ) , jap for japanese , or chinaman for chinese ( n. ) .

This function can be demonstrated by comparing the noun Jew with the adjective Jewish in context .
this [purpose] can be demonstrated by comparing the noun jew with the adjective jewish in context .

Diagnostic and Statistical Manual DSM-III-R ) , 1987 : The essential feature of Dementia is impairment in short-and long-term memory , associated with impairment in abstract thinking , impaired judgment , other disburbances of higher cortical function , or personality changes .
diagnostic and statistical manual dsm-iii-r ) , 1987 : the essential feature of dementia is impairment in short-and long-term memory , associated with impairment in abstract thinking , impaired judgment , other disburbances of higher cortical [purpose] , or personality changes .

Altered cerebral function may also result in disordered language and difficulty in movements requiring dexterity .
altered cerebral [purpose] may also result in disordered language and difficulty in movements requiring dexterity .

Yikes , yipes , eek , and eep now function similarly , the last two originally mimicking the response of someone encountering a mouse in a darkened kitchen .
yikes , yipes , eek , and eep now [purpose] similarly , the last two originally mimicking the response of someone encountering a mouse in a darkened kitchen .

One useful function of dictionaries till recently was that they showed syllabic breaks , enabling letter- and novel-writers alike to discover where to hyphenate words .
one useful [purpose] of dictionaries till recently was that they showed syllabic breaks , enabling letter- and novel-writers alike to discover where to hyphenate words .

American dictionaries based their counts on “ entries , ” a generously defined , arbitrarily artificial term cooked up between the G. & C. Merriam Company and the US Treasury Department during the 1930s ( when that governmental department was responsible for purchasing , a function now performed by the General Services Administration ) .
american dictionaries based their counts on “ entries , ” a generously defined , arbitrarily artificial term cooked up between the g. & c. merriam company and the us treasury department during the 1930s ( when that governmental department was responsible for purchasing , a [purpose] now performed by the general services administration ) .

When introduced as the “ Dean of Kew Knowledge ” at a college social function , he responded with outspoken displeasure .
when introduced as the “ dean of kew knowledge ” at a college social [purpose] , he responded with outspoken displeasure .

Following exhaustive research and practice , I divide spoonerisms into two general categories based upon their structure and their function .
following exhaustive research and practice , i divide spoonerisms into two general categories based upon their structure and their [purpose] .

That certain ( very literate ) people have taken hold of Esperanto and published novels and poetry in it , its chief function as a means of basic communication has been violated , and with the onset of its sophistication it has become more complex , thus defeating its original purpose .
that certain ( very literate ) people have taken hold of esperanto and published novels and poetry in it , its chief [purpose] as a means of basic communication has been violated , and with the onset of its sophistication it has become more complex , thus defeating its original purpose .

In English , the function of words within sentences is typically signaled by word order .
in english , the [purpose] of words within sentences is typically signaled by word order .

If the missing letter seemed to function as a vowel , the odds would be greater still .
if the missing letter seemed to [purpose] as a vowel , the odds would be greater still .

