There was considerable contrast between this Mulligan performance and that of Art Blakey and The Jazz Messengers , who are able to generate a tremendous sound for such a small group .
there was considerable contrast between this mulligan performance and that of art blakey and the jazz messengers , who are able to [create/make] a tremendous sound for such a small group .

We have also developed techniques for recognizing and locating underground nuclear tests through the waves in the ground which they generate .
we have also developed techniques for recognizing and locating underground nuclear tests through the waves in the ground which they [create/make] .

but basically that pace depends on changes in the supply of resources and in the human attitudes , political institutions , and social structure which each society must generate .
but basically that pace depends on changes in the supply of resources and in the human attitudes , political institutions , and social structure which each society must [create/make] .

If a continuation card follows a statement that does not permit continuation cards , the compiler will generate a NOP and issue an error message .
if a continuation card follows a statement that does not permit continuation cards , the compiler will [create/make] a nop and issue an error message .

When so instructed , Autocoder will generate one or more RDWS and assign them successive locations immediately preceding the area with which they are to be associated .
when so instructed , autocoder will [create/make] one or more rdws and assign them successive locations immediately preceding the area with which they are to be associated .

The DRDW statement may also be used to generate an RDW defining any area specified by the programmer .
the drdw statement may also be used to [create/make] an rdw defining any area specified by the programmer .

Of special concern is the growth of bacteria such as Clostridium botulinum which generate poisonous products .
of special concern is the growth of bacteria such as clostridium botulinum which [create/make] poisonous products .

The promotors say the video will generate tourism .
the promotors say the video will [create/make] tourism .

The old-style foam can generate such heat that that other items in a room can ignite spontaneously .
the old-style foam can [create/make] such heat that that other items in a room can ignite spontaneously .

It 's a major coup for the Thamesdown Dance Studios to have the finances to generate a new dance professional dance company outside London .
it 's a major coup for the thamesdown dance studios to have the finances to [create/make] a new dance professional dance company outside london .

be getting a result if you stepped in with another four phones , new lines , you 'd have the use of these four lines for three month , to generate business before you get out with first phone bill on them , right so that you could drop er the lines here if you wanted , at er , at the end of the day , it does n't matter whether you 've got one line or whether you 've got a hundred lines
be getting a result if you stepped in with another four phones , new lines , you 'd have the use of these four lines for three month , to [create/make] business before you get out with first phone bill on them , right so that you could drop er the lines here if you wanted , at er , at the end of the day , it does n't matter whether you 've got one line or whether you 've got a hundred lines

and then they will be able to generate all the certification forms for the Ministry
and then they will be able to [create/make] all the certification forms for the ministry

Well now you 've got ta generate it you got ta have electric going outside so you do n't you got ta put these in ai n't you ?
well now you 've got ta [create/make] it you got ta have electric going outside so you do n't you got ta put these in ai n't you ?

‘ We believe immediate steps could be taken to generate jobs .
‘ we believe immediate steps could be taken to [create/make] jobs .

Ian Renilson , operations manager for Fife Product Innovation , said he believed product innovation was the most fundamental method of wealth creation which could be harnessed more effectively to generate real economic growth .
ian renilson , operations manager for fife product innovation , said he believed product innovation was the most fundamental method of wealth creation which could be harnessed more effectively to [create/make] real economic growth .

‘ Maybe in the short term it is an advantage to a few people working in the car industry but it only encourages more people to generate more pollution .
‘ maybe in the short term it is an advantage to a few people working in the car industry but it only encourages more people to [create/make] more pollution .

They were also all concerned about traffic congestion in the town and said the Cross Town Route should take traffic out of the town centre and not generate more .
they were also all concerned about traffic congestion in the town and said the cross town route should take traffic out of the town centre and not [create/make] more .

For Sp1 , it has been found that multiple phosphorylation events generate a large number of electrophoretic variants of the protein ( 4 ) .
for sp1 , it has been found that multiple phosphorylation events [create/make] a large number of electrophoretic variants of the protein ( 4 ) .

Hunter Square can not possibly be this type of space — it has to generate activity as a result of life spilling into it from buildings around , rather like what happens in Covent Garden .
hunter square can not possibly be this type of space — it has to [create/make] activity as a result of life spilling into it from buildings around , rather like what happens in covent garden .

That is where the real shortfall lies — in producing children with the skills , knowledge and enthusiasms to generate an innovative , competitive Scotland .
that is where the real shortfall lies — in producing children with the skills , knowledge and enthusiasms to [create/make] an innovative , competitive scotland .

It is better to generate the contigs according to the hybridisation data and then automatically check them for consistency with the map .
it is better to [create/make] the contigs according to the hybridisation data and then automatically check them for consistency with the map .

They generate data at a higher rate ( ie yield more positives per hybridisation ) and are less sensitive to repetitive sequences ( 2 ) .
they [create/make] data at a higher rate ( ie yield more positives per hybridisation ) and are less sensitive to repetitive sequences ( 2 ) .

The council backed local residents and Heighington parish council who expressed fears about increased noise and traffic the course and attached golf school would generate .
the council backed local residents and heighington parish council who expressed fears about increased noise and traffic the course and attached golf school would [create/make] .

For Link project manager Mr Ken Lee , it is the first step in a scheme which he hopes will soon cover 600 Darlington companies and generate £2m .
for link project manager mr ken lee , it is the first step in a scheme which he hopes will soon cover 600 darlington companies and [create/make] £2m .

It is only thanks to this close control that maximum use can be made of the water available to generate electricity .
it is only thanks to this close control that maximum use can be made of the water available to [create/make] electricity .

‘ They already have enough to put up with the cattle market and Chatsworth Warehouse which both generate heavy delivery lorries . ’
‘ they already have enough to put up with the cattle market and chatsworth warehouse which both [create/make] heavy delivery lorries . ’

Shadow social security secretary Donald Dewar said the changes would generate ‘ enormous anger ’ .
shadow social security secretary donald dewar said the changes would [create/make] ‘ enormous anger ’ .

Short circuits are fine but they just do n't generate the same interest or the same type of nail biting racing , do they ?
short circuits are fine but they just do n't [create/make] the same interest or the same type of nail biting racing , do they ?

There will be various categories in which to enter good movement pictures and we hope to both generate more interest in Medau and find new ideas for our publicity boards .
there will be various categories in which to enter good movement pictures and we hope to both [create/make] more interest in medau and find new ideas for our publicity boards .

To generate more interest in our work by getting it talked about
to [create/make] more interest in our work by getting it talked about

generate a random u k in ( 0,1 ) and if u k is less than φ , include this unit in the sample .
[create/make] a random u k in ( 0,1 ) and if u k is less than φ , include this unit in the sample .

Trade unions , strengthened by high demand for labour , secured money wage increases which , given the existing inflation rate , exceeded those required to generate sufficient extra scrapping .
trade unions , strengthened by high demand for labour , secured money wage increases which , given the existing inflation rate , exceeded those required to [create/make] sufficient extra scrapping .

The money wage increases which workers won exceeded those required to generate enough scrapping to ease labour shortage .
the money wage increases which workers won exceeded those required to [create/make] enough scrapping to ease labour shortage .

Taken together , these factors were sufficient to generate commodity price rises considerably in excess of the general rate of inflation .
taken together , these factors were sufficient to [create/make] commodity price rises considerably in excess of the general rate of inflation .

Mr Haigh has suggested piping gas south from Teesside to generate power nearer the area of demand , an idea also mooted by Mr David Bowe , Euro-MP for Cleveland and Yorkshire North .
mr haigh has suggested piping gas south from teesside to [create/make] power nearer the area of demand , an idea also mooted by mr david bowe , euro-mp for cleveland and yorkshire north .

‘ Also , a development as large as the one proposed would generate a very substantial amount of traffic and we would have to examine in great detail the implications for roads in the area .
‘ also , a development as large as the one proposed would [create/make] a very substantial amount of traffic and we would have to examine in great detail the implications for roads in the area .

During the two-year gap between the Enron station beginning to generate power and the new line being built , the system would operate under ‘ derogation ’ a special dispensation to run below standard .
during the two-year gap between the enron station beginning to [create/make] power and the new line being built , the system would operate under ‘ derogation ’ a special dispensation to run below standard .

They will generate a lot of revenue that will put us in good stead for the future .
they will [create/make] a lot of revenue that will put us in good stead for the future .

What it has given them are initiatives such as the bond scheme , a move to generate cash by a one-off payment , guaranteeing the right to buy a season ticket for life .
what it has given them are initiatives such as the bond scheme , a move to [create/make] cash by a one-off payment , guaranteeing the right to buy a season ticket for life .

He keys in a series of numbers on a phone which generate letters on a screen which Ray can read .
he keys in a series of numbers on a phone which [create/make] letters on a screen which ray can read .

My own line is studying the effect of lasers on chemical reactions to see if lasers can be used to stimulate or generate new novel types of chemical process .
my own line is studying the effect of lasers on chemical reactions to see if lasers can be used to stimulate or [create/make] new novel types of chemical process .

‘ The hub initiative is continuing to generate high yield traffic and the growing number of transfer passengers in October illustrates the growing popularity of Manchester as a key connecting point , claimed Thompson .
‘ the hub initiative is continuing to [create/make] high yield traffic and the growing number of transfer passengers in october illustrates the growing popularity of manchester as a key connecting point , claimed thompson .

And it will generate extra revenue from the extra uses .
and it will [create/make] extra revenue from the extra uses .

Privatisation of the former trust ports will no doubt generate a number of substantial port development projects but there is already over-capacity in the industry .
privatisation of the former trust ports will no doubt [create/make] a number of substantial port development projects but there is already over-capacity in the industry .

The report stated that the future of Hamilton 's four virgin oil and gas fields , was dependent on gas-fired stations being able to generate electricity .
the report stated that the future of hamilton 's four virgin oil and gas fields , was dependent on gas-fired stations being able to [create/make] electricity .

The report says that the future of Hamilton 's four virgin oil and gas fields is dependent on gas-fired stations being able to generate electricity .
the report says that the future of hamilton 's four virgin oil and gas fields is dependent on gas-fired stations being able to [create/make] electricity .

Another conference at Llangollen on Wednesday examines how indigenous cultural resources can generate economic growth .
another conference at llangollen on wednesday examines how indigenous cultural resources can [create/make] economic growth .

The Wirral Hospital Trust says the shops will generate an income of £100,000 a year which will be used to support the staffing costs of a vital new service , a body scanner .
the wirral hospital trust says the shops will [create/make] an income of £100,000 a year which will be used to support the staffing costs of a vital new service , a body scanner .

This is a relatively small proportion , but investment fluctuates more than any other component of national income and these fluctuations generate changes in income through the multiplier .
this is a relatively small proportion , but investment fluctuates more than any other component of national income and these fluctuations [create/make] changes in income through the multiplier .

Consequently , the fall in demand for building materials and construction workers will generate downward multiplier effects on other types of investment .
consequently , the fall in demand for building materials and construction workers will [create/make] downward multiplier effects on other types of investment .

To generate cycles , the model requires certain important conditions to be satisfied . The following assumptions are sufficient for a cyclical movement in national income to be generated after any exogenous change in investment or consumption spending :
to [create/make] cycles , the model requires certain important conditions to be satisfied . the following assumptions are sufficient for a cyclical movement in national income to be generated after any exogenous change in investment or consumption spending :

Different values of c and v to generate cycles .
different values of c and v to [create/make] cycles .

In sunlight , VOCs can react in the lower atmosphere with nitrogen oxides to generate photochemical smog .
in sunlight , vocs can react in the lower atmosphere with nitrogen oxides to [create/make] photochemical smog .

We could , for example , on a personal level reduce the need to generate so much electricity by improving home insulation or by fitting more efficient and energy-saving light bulbs .
we could , for example , on a personal level reduce the need to [create/make] so much electricity by improving home insulation or by fitting more efficient and energy-saving light bulbs .

Pulp , paper , viscose and fine chemical industries generate huge volumes of sodium sulphate byproduct .
pulp , paper , viscose and fine chemical industries [create/make] huge volumes of sodium sulphate byproduct .

It can , for example , generate a very rectangular wave from a noisy fluctuating input signal so that one use is at the inputs of logic circuitry .
it can , for example , [create/make] a very rectangular wave from a noisy fluctuating input signal so that one use is at the inputs of logic circuitry .

Having obtained the poles of , the relevant physical transfer function is deduced by rejecting poles in the positive half of the s-plane and a network is synthesised so as to generate that transfer function .
having obtained the poles of , the relevant physical transfer function is deduced by rejecting poles in the positive half of the s-plane and a network is synthesised so as to [create/make] that transfer function .

Mak sees it as part of her job to raise the expectations of the community , while Lukey says : ‘ Not only do we hope to discover unmet needs , but we want to generate more demand .
mak sees it as part of her job to raise the expectations of the community , while lukey says : ‘ not only do we hope to discover unmet needs , but we want to [create/make] more demand .

In order to generate sales successfully a number of secondary functions are also carried out by most salespeople .
in order to [create/make] sales successfully a number of secondary functions are also carried out by most salespeople .

Any variation will generate both an audio and visual alarm at Grid Control .
any variation will [create/make] both an audio and visual alarm at grid control .

Would n't you generate a more positive attitude if you were aligned your increase or the request for an increase through the a an increase in activity in the church itself ?
would n't you [create/make] a more positive attitude if you were aligned your increase or the request for an increase through the a an increase in activity in the church itself ?

If a man who can generate pretty decent clubhead speed were inadvertently to use a women 's ball , the result would be higher trajectory with some distance loss — the clubhead will have compressed the ball beyond the point where the ball achieves its most efficient velocity .
if a man who can [create/make] pretty decent clubhead speed were inadvertently to use a women 's ball , the result would be higher trajectory with some distance loss — the clubhead will have compressed the ball beyond the point where the ball achieves its most efficient velocity .

The problem stems from the fact that all effects devices , whether digital or analogue , rack-mounting or the compact variety , all have one thing in common : they generate noise .
the problem stems from the fact that all effects devices , whether digital or analogue , rack-mounting or the compact variety , all have one thing in common : they [create/make] noise .

In any case the zooxanthellae generate much of the coral 's nutritional needs by photosynthesis .
in any case the zooxanthellae [create/make] much of the coral 's nutritional needs by photosynthesis .

All amplifiers generate noise .
all amplifiers [create/make] noise .

The Earth can generate much more internal heat than has hitherto been suspected .
the earth can [create/make] much more internal heat than has hitherto been suspected .

In other words mammals and living creatures generate kinetic energy and heat when food is burnt in respiration .
in other words mammals and living creatures [create/make] kinetic energy and heat when food is burnt in respiration .

For example , the basic scales for the chords of Cmaj7 and Fmaj7 generate six common notes :
for example , the basic scales for the chords of cmaj7 and fmaj7 [create/make] six common notes :

They had realized that we were saying that lesbian and gay sexual relationships were as good as heterosexual relationships : they had realized the panic that this issue could generate .
they had realized that we were saying that lesbian and gay sexual relationships were as good as heterosexual relationships : they had realized the panic that this issue could [create/make] .

But what Positive Images might have done , but did not do , was to generate any Left consensus on the family and relationships .
but what positive images might have done , but did not do , was to [create/make] any left consensus on the family and relationships .

In fact it tends to generate some very discordant results .
in fact it tends to [create/make] some very discordant results .

This ‘ make and break ’ action causes the monostable to generate a brief pulse which resets the one minute timer .
this ‘ make and break ’ action causes the monostable to [create/make] a brief pulse which resets the one minute timer .

( see Fig 3 ) to both generate the variable pulse width signals for the servos and decode commands from the host computer .
( see fig 3 ) to both [create/make] the variable pulse width signals for the servos and decode commands from the host computer .

The speakers also generate distortion which adds to the harmonic content , or crunch , but not to the clarity of individual notes .
the speakers also [create/make] distortion which adds to the harmonic content , or crunch , but not to the clarity of individual notes .

It 's just that Swell can generate real power , real languid grace , through stealth and self-absorption instead of strain or accident .
it 's just that swell can [create/make] real power , real languid grace , through stealth and self-absorption instead of strain or accident .

He made colleagues of similar rank jealous for the way he could generate publicity .
he made colleagues of similar rank jealous for the way he could [create/make] publicity .

For the purposes of traversing the graph network to generate all possible candidate strings , the probability correct information is not used , and the worst possible cases are considered .
for the purposes of traversing the graph network to [create/make] all possible candidate strings , the probability correct information is not used , and the worst possible cases are considered .

To generate all candidate strings , begin from the start node of the graph ( * ) , take the first route from it ( i.e .
to [create/make] all candidate strings , begin from the start node of the graph ( * ) , take the first route from it ( i.e .

The search continues to generate all allowable phrases ( sequences of words ) from the candidate letters in the graph .
the search continues to [create/make] all allowable phrases ( sequences of words ) from the candidate letters in the graph .

Only such a theory can generate rules which can be accepted as having the sort of ethical authority that is required for international law to be taken seriously as the ultimate arbiter of international relations .
only such a theory can [create/make] rules which can be accepted as having the sort of ethical authority that is required for international law to be taken seriously as the ultimate arbiter of international relations .

At any rate , the scope of Dworkin 's rights theory as currently formulated is plainly too narrow to generate the kind of economic rights that might be consistent with an equal right to self-development .
at any rate , the scope of dworkin 's rights theory as currently formulated is plainly too narrow to [create/make] the kind of economic rights that might be consistent with an equal right to self-development .

But the reason why Dworkin 's rights thesis appears too narrow to generate a right of participation is because it too is firmly grounded in a gesellschaft model of law and society in which virtually the only interests which are considered capable of generating rights in the strong sense are those appropriate for abstract individuals pursuing their own private interests .
but the reason why dworkin 's rights thesis appears too narrow to [create/make] a right of participation is because it too is firmly grounded in a gesellschaft model of law and society in which virtually the only interests which are considered capable of generating rights in the strong sense are those appropriate for abstract individuals pursuing their own private interests .

Experience does not generate itself .
experience does not [create/make] itself .

Lancashire 's Pakistani pace bowler Wasim Akram , for example had been found to generate some 15 to 20 mph from his wrist action alone .
lancashire 's pakistani pace bowler wasim akram , for example had been found to [create/make] some 15 to 20 mph from his wrist action alone .

Qualities that might generate and recoup excellent work in the classroom ( including , for instance , risk-taking , creativity , originality , the valuing of independence and initiative , a questioning and critical approach , etc .
qualities that might [create/make] and recoup excellent work in the classroom ( including , for instance , risk-taking , creativity , originality , the valuing of independence and initiative , a questioning and critical approach , etc .

Those studying for a PhD degree are expected to generate new knowledge .
those studying for a phd degree are expected to [create/make] new knowledge .

First , it sells software packages , which generate 20 % of revenues .
first , it sells software packages , which [create/make] 20 % of revenues .

War losses , the physical rundown of assets and the reduced capacity of the economy to generate savings and investment , all played their part .
war losses , the physical rundown of assets and the reduced capacity of the economy to [create/make] savings and investment , all played their part .

These activities , so it is claimed , generate the wealth on which the remainder broadly the service sector — depends for its existence .
these activities , so it is claimed , [create/make] the wealth on which the remainder broadly the service sector — depends for its existence .

Inherent in this type of research is the potential to generate new categories or variables and to reconsider existing analytic categories in a fashion that also addresses their validity .
inherent in this type of research is the potential to [create/make] new categories or variables and to reconsider existing analytic categories in a fashion that also addresses their validity .

And , most importantly , show you how to recognise and modify the behavioural patterns which generate stress in your life .
and , most importantly , show you how to recognise and modify the behavioural patterns which [create/make] stress in your life .

At ScottishPower and Hydro-Electric we generate , distribute and sell electricity — all the way from power station to plug point .
at scottishpower and hydro-electric we [create/make] , distribute and sell electricity — all the way from power station to plug point .

Computers , faxes and photocopiers generate heat waves of their own .
computers , faxes and photocopiers [create/make] heat waves of their own .

Others that can generate an electric charge .
others that can [create/make] an electric charge .

The pairing of the Yonex graphite construction with its aerodynamic design allows you to generate an outstanding trajectory .
the pairing of the yonex graphite construction with its aerodynamic design allows you to [create/make] an outstanding trajectory .

The first of these lines of research led to the development of so-called creativity tests in which the subject has a free hand to generate his or her own responses to a given problem .
the first of these lines of research led to the development of so-called creativity tests in which the subject has a free hand to [create/make] his or her own responses to a given problem .

First , it is too general : several other personality traits , such as anxiety — not specifically related to psychosis , though carrying risks for different forms of psychopathology — could equally well be said to generate the motivation necessary for creative production , and often do .
first , it is too general : several other personality traits , such as anxiety — not specifically related to psychosis , though carrying risks for different forms of psychopathology — could equally well be said to [create/make] the motivation necessary for creative production , and often do .

The structural database has been interfaced with commercially available software and used to generate cleavage-transection maps .
the structural database has been interfaced with commercially available software and used to [create/make] cleavage-transection maps .

Being able to integrate such datasets digitally has made it possible to generate prospectivity maps in a study of carbonate-hosted buried mineral deposits in the north of England .
being able to integrate such datasets digitally has made it possible to [create/make] prospectivity maps in a study of carbonate-hosted buried mineral deposits in the north of england .

Media reports of torture often generate widespread public outrage .
media reports of torture often [create/make] widespread public outrage .

We may expect to generate a better estimate by using pseudo-costs .
we may expect to [create/make] a better estimate by using pseudo-costs .

James Bright ( 1958 ) , writing at the time Blauner was conducting the bulk of his research , reached a radically different conclusion to Blauner , finding that ’ … automation had reduced the skill requirements of the operating work force , and occasionally of the entire factory force ’ ( Bright 1958 , 8 ) , and a more recent study by Nichols and Armstrong ( 1976 ) of a chemical factory in Britain shows just how much routine unskilled labouring work such continuous-process factories still generate .
james bright ( 1958 ) , writing at the time blauner was conducting the bulk of his research , reached a radically different conclusion to blauner , finding that ’ … automation had reduced the skill requirements of the operating work force , and occasionally of the entire factory force ’ ( bright 1958 , 8 ) , and a more recent study by nichols and armstrong ( 1976 ) of a chemical factory in britain shows just how much routine unskilled labouring work such continuous-process factories still [create/make] .

Once a sufficient weight of cotton had been spun or woven to generate the needed income , work would stop .
once a sufficient weight of cotton had been spun or woven to [create/make] the needed income , work would stop .

Little was known , either , about the families of fourteen children taken into care in Aberdeen at around the same time as those in Ayrshire ; they did n't look for publicity , speak to the press or generate such wide interest and public concern .
little was known , either , about the families of fourteen children taken into care in aberdeen at around the same time as those in ayrshire ; they did n't look for publicity , speak to the press or [create/make] such wide interest and public concern .

This water goes first to generate hydro-electric power and then to irrigate the land .
this water goes first to [create/make] hydro-electric power and then to irrigate the land .

The best is Bob Blauner 's Black Lives , White Lives , which manages to generate an almost poetic cogency without sacrificing plausibility .
the best is bob blauner 's black lives , white lives , which manages to [create/make] an almost poetic cogency without sacrificing plausibility .

Humanism can not necessarily generate those values which are crucial if the market economy is to survive .
humanism can not necessarily [create/make] those values which are crucial if the market economy is to survive .

The failure of humanism to generate standards conducive to the market economy can also be seen in the culture at large .
the failure of humanism to [create/make] standards conducive to the market economy can also be seen in the culture at large .

This included in particular the inability of humanism as a philosophy to place adequate constraints on the exercise of freedom and also its inability to generate that set of values which is necessary if capitalism is to work .
this included in particular the inability of humanism as a philosophy to place adequate constraints on the exercise of freedom and also its inability to [create/make] that set of values which is necessary if capitalism is to work .

The major conclusions are therefore that the market economy is a remarkably efficient way of creating wealth largely because it succeeds in utilising more information than alternative economic systems ; that for a market economy to work , the society of which it is part needs to believe in certain kinds of values : it must lay great store by individual responsibility and also have a non-egalitarian view of what constitutes social justice ; that the so called ‘ crisis ’ of capitalism results from a prevailing set of cultural values , typified by Freudianism and Marxism , which are contrary to those needed for the market economy to prosper , that humanism as a philosophy can not guarantee to generate the appropriate values , and that Christianity can provide such values and has indeed done so during the period of industrialisation throughout much of the Western world , but in consequence the kind of market economy which is then championed is different from that currently defined by the libertarian philosophy of Professor Friedman and Professor Hayek .
the major conclusions are therefore that the market economy is a remarkably efficient way of creating wealth largely because it succeeds in utilising more information than alternative economic systems ; that for a market economy to work , the society of which it is part needs to believe in certain kinds of values : it must lay great store by individual responsibility and also have a non-egalitarian view of what constitutes social justice ; that the so called ‘ crisis ’ of capitalism results from a prevailing set of cultural values , typified by freudianism and marxism , which are contrary to those needed for the market economy to prosper , that humanism as a philosophy can not guarantee to [create/make] the appropriate values , and that christianity can provide such values and has indeed done so during the period of industrialisation throughout much of the western world , but in consequence the kind of market economy which is then championed is different from that currently defined by the libertarian philosophy of professor friedman and professor hayek .

This resulted in the inability of humanism as a philosophy to place adequate constraints on the exercise of freedom and also its inability to generate that set of values which is necessary if capitalism is to work .
this resulted in the inability of humanism as a philosophy to place adequate constraints on the exercise of freedom and also its inability to [create/make] that set of values which is necessary if capitalism is to work .

Too often these pressures have been successful , and in consequence the distribution of public spending has been tilted away from the areas of greatest need , to those which generate the loudest demands .
too often these pressures have been successful , and in consequence the distribution of public spending has been tilted away from the areas of greatest need , to those which [create/make] the loudest demands .

Tom King claimed that the proposal could generate two to three thousand jobs , especially in the construction industry , as well as having other beneficial effects in expanding the local economy : ‘ The injection of £400 to £500 million of private capital would be a major demonstration of confidence in the province and the largest private investment ever made ( sic ) ’ .
tom king claimed that the proposal could [create/make] two to three thousand jobs , especially in the construction industry , as well as having other beneficial effects in expanding the local economy : ‘ the injection of £400 to £500 million of private capital would be a major demonstration of confidence in the province and the largest private investment ever made ( sic ) ’ .

The foundation of Gospel lies then in ‘ good story ’ , though ‘ good story ’ ought to generate a spell ( or glamour ) of its own .
the foundation of gospel lies then in ‘ good story ’ , though ‘ good story ’ ought to [create/make] a spell ( or glamour ) of its own .

Wolves and swans , gulls and sheep : the contrasts generate the Norse poem and Tolkien 's story by themselves .
wolves and swans , gulls and sheep : the contrasts [create/make] the norse poem and tolkien 's story by themselves .

Dragging the Column label to the right lets you generate five columns which can be labelled as Sarah , Jane , Brian , Tom and Total .
dragging the column label to the right lets you [create/make] five columns which can be labelled as sarah , jane , brian , tom and total .

Again , you should beware : some light fittings — such as fluorescent lights or low voltage transformers — generate a fair amount of ‘ noise ’ .
again , you should beware : some light fittings — such as fluorescent lights or low voltage transformers — [create/make] a fair amount of ‘ noise ’ .

Yet , significant as many of these developments were , the majority seem chiefly remarkable for the wealth they did not generate .
yet , significant as many of these developments were , the majority seem chiefly remarkable for the wealth they did not [create/make] .

They failed to realise that the excursions , the painting , the model making and the drama were all necessary to generate interest and to build relationships and confidence .
they failed to realise that the excursions , the painting , the model making and the drama were all necessary to [create/make] interest and to build relationships and confidence .

These double allegiances , to psychology and to feminism , generate a variety of goals and strategies , which allow egalitarian feminist psychology to co-exist with other forms of feminist psychology , and to assist their development .
these double allegiances , to psychology and to feminism , [create/make] a variety of goals and strategies , which allow egalitarian feminist psychology to co-exist with other forms of feminist psychology , and to assist their development .

She also suggests that this fear , and women 's predominantly domestic , private , work experiences , generate an affinity between women and conservatism .
she also suggests that this fear , and women 's predominantly domestic , private , work experiences , [create/make] an affinity between women and conservatism .

Often it claims that results obtained by such methods do not need formalization ; that they explain themselves ; and that they generate the new questions that the discipline needs .
often it claims that results obtained by such methods do not need formalization ; that they explain themselves ; and that they [create/make] the new questions that the discipline needs .

Feminist psychology of women will generate no universal laws , promise no uncomplicated models of change , and offer no easy routes to undermining gender-biased differentials .
feminist psychology of women will [create/make] no universal laws , promise no uncomplicated models of change , and offer no easy routes to undermining gender-biased differentials .

Often , however , a survey is more cautious and exploratory , and ideas are not firm enough to generate a specific hypothesis .
often , however , a survey is more cautious and exploratory , and ideas are not firm enough to [create/make] a specific hypothesis .

In fact , any attempt by the press to act as a free oppositional/ adversarial press was itself likely to generate some form of criticism since it confronted governments with powerful adversaries , a situation which governments ( and Parliaments ) did not , and still do not , appear willing to tolerate .
in fact , any attempt by the press to act as a free oppositional/ adversarial press was itself likely to [create/make] some form of criticism since it confronted governments with powerful adversaries , a situation which governments ( and parliaments ) did not , and still do not , appear willing to tolerate .

Beaverbrook and Rothermere had tried , in their own ways and using their own particular methods , to dislodge the ‘ concentric circles ’ by establishing another focus of power — themselves and their newspapers — that would generate a circle of press power of equal strength and significance to that of the political circle .
beaverbrook and rothermere had tried , in their own ways and using their own particular methods , to dislodge the ‘ concentric circles ’ by establishing another focus of power — themselves and their newspapers — that would [create/make] a circle of press power of equal strength and significance to that of the political circle .

This is manifested in a strong desire to break away from corporate environments seen as financially restrictive , especially those businesses which are obviously very profitable but where the profits are not fairly shared out among those who are helping to generate them .
this is manifested in a strong desire to break away from corporate environments seen as financially restrictive , especially those businesses which are obviously very profitable but where the profits are not fairly shared out among those who are helping to [create/make] them .

There are many cases in service industries , in consultancies , in the financial services and in high technology where heads of functions and sales-driven people who generate tremendous sums of money for their companies are paid more than the person who is actually managing and running the business .
there are many cases in service industries , in consultancies , in the financial services and in high technology where heads of functions and sales-driven people who [create/make] tremendous sums of money for their companies are paid more than the person who is actually managing and running the business .

The immediate temptation was to identify this region of the left hemisphere , now known as Broca 's area , as a speech centre , with the implication that this is all that is needed to generate speech .
the immediate temptation was to identify this region of the left hemisphere , now known as broca 's area , as a speech centre , with the implication that this is all that is needed to [create/make] speech .

If they are , then the system simply wo n't learn the two tasks in the first place but will consistently generate inappropriate responses .
if they are , then the system simply wo n't learn the two tasks in the first place but will consistently [create/make] inappropriate responses .

This capacity to generate the same response to part of a pattern as to the whole of it is one of the merits of network systems ( see chapter 7 ) .
this capacity to [create/make] the same response to part of a pattern as to the whole of it is one of the merits of network systems ( see chapter 7 ) .

Ten minutes of stimulation at 100 volts in a system that operates on a millisecond timescale and deals in ion currents that generate a few thousandths of a volt is scarcely going to simulate what happens normally in the brain .
ten minutes of stimulation at 100 volts in a system that operates on a millisecond timescale and deals in ion currents that [create/make] a few thousandths of a volt is scarcely going to simulate what happens normally in the brain .

Factories no longer had to generate their own electricity ; more of them were willing to invest in electrical machinery when they could draw on central power supplies .
factories no longer had to [create/make] their own electricity ; more of them were willing to invest in electrical machinery when they could draw on central power supplies .

Meh'Lindi commenced some isometric combat exercises as if to repel the oppression of being in the warp , which at times could generate a spiritual migraine , an ache of the soul .
meh'lindi commenced some isometric combat exercises as if to repel the oppression of being in the warp , which at times could [create/make] a spiritual migraine , an ache of the soul .

The preference-belief is then seen to generate , simply by invoking the human precedent , a whole series of other attributes with which ‘ we begin to approach a fair rendering of the mental life of these creatures ’ ( 81 ) : perception , memory , desire , belief , self-consciousness , intention , a sense of the future , emotions , and the capacity to experience pleasure and pain .
the preference-belief is then seen to [create/make] , simply by invoking the human precedent , a whole series of other attributes with which ‘ we begin to approach a fair rendering of the mental life of these creatures ’ ( 81 ) : perception , memory , desire , belief , self-consciousness , intention , a sense of the future , emotions , and the capacity to experience pleasure and pain .

This will generate capital for further developments and we can almost guarantee market dominance for a very long time .
this will [create/make] capital for further developments and we can almost guarantee market dominance for a very long time .

With some sheeting , drilling can generate heat which will clog the drill with melted plastic
with some sheeting , drilling can [create/make] heat which will clog the drill with melted plastic

You can use these headings to generate ideas .
you can use these headings to [create/make] ideas .

Her developmental difficulties made this particularly bad for her as she could not generate imaginative ‘ healthy ’ play .
her developmental difficulties made this particularly bad for her as she could not [create/make] imaginative ‘ healthy ’ play .

The instructor is advised to encourage the trainees to generate others and to submit them to group discussion .
the instructor is advised to encourage the trainees to [create/make] others and to submit them to group discussion .

Helping parents in this way is an attempt to provide them with child-management skills for life so that they can generate solutions to many of the problems they face without reference to professionals at all .
helping parents in this way is an attempt to provide them with child-management skills for life so that they can [create/make] solutions to many of the problems they face without reference to professionals at all .

While many language tests are relatively quick and easy to use , they do not generate the quality of information desirable for diagnostic statements or the formulation of remedial intervention strategies ( see Chapter 9 ) .
while many language tests are relatively quick and easy to use , they do not [create/make] the quality of information desirable for diagnostic statements or the formulation of remedial intervention strategies ( see chapter 9 ) .

Alternatively , for a child with generally delayed language , it may be necessary to generate a set of priorities solely in terms of the communicative situations which the child has to deal with on a daily basis .
alternatively , for a child with generally delayed language , it may be necessary to [create/make] a set of priorities solely in terms of the communicative situations which the child has to deal with on a daily basis .

First , they represent a putative developmental sequence which reflects the child 's gradual mastery of language for dealing with abstract ideas and , second , they have been shown to generate high levels of inter-observer agreement ( Blank and Franklin 1980 ) ( see Table 7.3 ) .
first , they represent a putative developmental sequence which reflects the child 's gradual mastery of language for dealing with abstract ideas and , second , they have been shown to [create/make] high levels of inter-observer agreement ( blank and franklin 1980 ) ( see table 7.3 ) .

Worst of all , the sociology of knowledge challenged the special field of philosophy as a purely cognitive activity in which the application of logical thought could generate knowledge true in all contexts .
worst of all , the sociology of knowledge challenged the special field of philosophy as a purely cognitive activity in which the application of logical thought could [create/make] knowledge true in all contexts .

Both find that life , and of course the activity of philosophy , is untenable without some standards of absolute truth , the canon of ‘ reason ’ , which can generate knowledge that can be held to be true regardless of perspective or context .
both find that life , and of course the activity of philosophy , is untenable without some standards of absolute truth , the canon of ‘ reason ’ , which can [create/make] knowledge that can be held to be true regardless of perspective or context .

This scientism took as axiomatic that systematic and reasoned study , its methods reflected upon and sanctified by epistemology , could generate ‘ truth ’ .
this scientism took as axiomatic that systematic and reasoned study , its methods reflected upon and sanctified by epistemology , could [create/make] ‘ truth ’ .

The difficulty with relationism is the limited nature of any claim it makes to generate knowledge .
the difficulty with relationism is the limited nature of any claim it makes to [create/make] knowledge .

The difference between materialist , scientific thought and idealist , ideological thought is that the former recognizes the determination of consciousness and so returns to an empirical or ‘ real ’ world of practical activity to generate abstractions .
the difference between materialist , scientific thought and idealist , ideological thought is that the former recognizes the determination of consciousness and so returns to an empirical or ‘ real ’ world of practical activity to [create/make] abstractions .

Secondly , the state intervenes in the forces of production by organizing science to generate technology ( research and development programmes ) .
secondly , the state intervenes in the forces of production by organizing science to [create/make] technology ( research and development programmes ) .

Habermas 's grounds his own claim to generate knowledge in two ways .
habermas 's grounds his own claim to [create/make] knowledge in two ways .

The second hypothesis of this paper is that patterns of regularity in the semantic net can be exploited so as to generate meaningful , linear documents .
the second hypothesis of this paper is that patterns of regularity in the semantic net can be exploited so as to [create/make] meaningful , linear documents .

The opportunity to see a semantic net and dynamically generate outlines from it may help authors mold the desired document .
the opportunity to see a semantic net and dynamically [create/make] outlines from it may help authors mold the desired document .

Smaller companies , unable to compete effectively and unable to generate the profits necessary for future investment , have tended to stagnate , sometimes propped up by national governments .
smaller companies , unable to compete effectively and unable to [create/make] the profits necessary for future investment , have tended to stagnate , sometimes propped up by national governments .

If this energy is converted into heat as the radiant particles pass through water , for instance , it can produce steam to drive a turbine and generate electricity .
if this energy is converted into heat as the radiant particles pass through water , for instance , it can produce steam to drive a turbine and [create/make] electricity .

These neutron and tritium production processes occur about 50:50 and modern attempts to generate useful energy in fusion experiments have tended to use beams of deuterons for which these are the fusion products .
these neutron and tritium production processes occur about 50:50 and modern attempts to [create/make] useful energy in fusion experiments have tended to use beams of deuterons for which these are the fusion products .

The former , the world of the tokamaks — particle beams — and mega dollar budgets , may be termed ‘ hot fusion ’ ; the latter attempts to generate fusion at room temperature are known as ‘ cold fusion ’ .
the former , the world of the tokamaks — particle beams — and mega dollar budgets , may be termed ‘ hot fusion ’ ; the latter attempts to [create/make] fusion at room temperature are known as ‘ cold fusion ’ .

Saunders was sold because Rush would not generate a big fee .
saunders was sold because rush would not [create/make] a big fee .

Wednesday are also hoping a capacity crowd will generate an intimidating atmosphere for the Germans .
wednesday are also hoping a capacity crowd will [create/make] an intimidating atmosphere for the germans .

‘ But we wo n't just be relying on home advantage and the passion our supporters generate .
‘ but we wo n't just be relying on home advantage and the passion our supporters [create/make] .

‘ Part of our scheme included players attending coaching seminars for youngsters and making public appearances which would generate genuine interest in our game .
‘ part of our scheme included players attending coaching seminars for youngsters and making public appearances which would [create/make] genuine interest in our game .

Cold fusion means joining atoms together at room temperature to generate large quantities of energy .
cold fusion means joining atoms together at room temperature to [create/make] large quantities of energy .

Two years later , Paul saw Sinead on stage with Ton Ton Macoute in Dublin and witnessed first hand the raw emotion she could generate in a performance .
two years later , paul saw sinead on stage with ton ton macoute in dublin and witnessed first hand the raw emotion she could [create/make] in a performance .

Neither will it encourage investors so it wo n't bring any significant change in the private sector and it is n't enough to generate sustained growth .
neither will it encourage investors so it wo n't bring any significant change in the private sector and it is n't enough to [create/make] sustained growth .

By concentrating on the value and significance of their experience , the counsellor will generate not only an important historical and social insight , particularly if a physical record is kept , but will learn about the impact of the war on the individual , that is , from the only perspective that has relevance to the counsellor .
by concentrating on the value and significance of their experience , the counsellor will [create/make] not only an important historical and social insight , particularly if a physical record is kept , but will learn about the impact of the war on the individual , that is , from the only perspective that has relevance to the counsellor .

They generate a fair amount of internal heat and they are also riven by electrical storms of a ferocity that is hard to imagine .
they [create/make] a fair amount of internal heat and they are also riven by electrical storms of a ferocity that is hard to imagine .

When people are lacking direction we can use the approach to generate enthusiasm , to create a sense of team spirit , energy and sense of purpose .
when people are lacking direction we can use the approach to [create/make] enthusiasm , to create a sense of team spirit , energy and sense of purpose .

Brittleness is not a special condition , it is the normal state of all simple non-metallic solids which can not generate dislocations and so achieve a high work of fracture .
brittleness is not a special condition , it is the normal state of all simple non-metallic solids which can not [create/make] dislocations and so achieve a high work of fracture .

While no one is suggesting that any health risks attach to Quorn , it need only take one popular comedian cracking jokes at Quorn 's expense to generate major marketing problems .
while no one is suggesting that any health risks attach to quorn , it need only take one popular comedian cracking jokes at quorn 's expense to [create/make] major marketing problems .

Critics say this spells trouble for clients as there may be more incentive for these brokers to churn the client 's portfolio to generate an income for themselves .
critics say this spells trouble for clients as there may be more incentive for these brokers to churn the client 's portfolio to [create/make] an income for themselves .

With Price Waterhouse 's help , every question had been constructed to generate a simple yes or no answer .
with price waterhouse 's help , every question had been constructed to [create/make] a simple yes or no answer .

Sub-letting may seem an obvious way to reduce overheads and generate income .
sub-letting may seem an obvious way to reduce overheads and [create/make] income .

Thousands of years ago , sacred dances were practised to generate energy which influenced crops .
thousands of years ago , sacred dances were practised to [create/make] energy which influenced crops .

Others proposed bringing the executive and judicial branches of government closer together , as in India , in the hope that a more authoritarian system would generate more respect .
others proposed bringing the executive and judicial branches of government closer together , as in india , in the hope that a more authoritarian system would [create/make] more respect .

Tax problems generate tax avoidance devices .
tax problems [create/make] tax avoidance devices .

In spite of the high efficiency of halogen lamps , the heat which they generate is considerable , and the 1000 and 2000 watt units are generally blower-cooled .
in spite of the high efficiency of halogen lamps , the heat which they [create/make] is considerable , and the 1000 and 2000 watt units are generally blower-cooled .

Turning now to the ways in which microphones generate their signals , the cheapest types use a crystal , but their quality is poor and they are not recommended for video .
turning now to the ways in which microphones [create/make] their signals , the cheapest types use a crystal , but their quality is poor and they are not recommended for video .

Facilities are also available to generate consignor , consignee , product sales , country sales and country purchases reports .
facilities are also available to [create/make] consignor , consignee , product sales , country sales and country purchases reports .

These can be an entertaining way of testing yourself , and some of the more sophisticated products can be made to generate batches of questions for a paper at random , just to add to the challenge .
these can be an entertaining way of testing yourself , and some of the more sophisticated products can be made to [create/make] batches of questions for a paper at random , just to add to the challenge .

This helped Airtours generate no less than £8m in interest alone during the year .
this helped airtours [create/make] no less than £8m in interest alone during the year .

But this is sometimes taken to mean the formation of groups of teachers to generate their own ideas without reference to theory and research of a more rigorous and academic character .
but this is sometimes taken to mean the formation of groups of teachers to [create/make] their own ideas without reference to theory and research of a more rigorous and academic character .

This is not to deny the value of such courses : they provide , at the very least , a sense of professional community and there is no doubt that some of the inspiration they generate carries over into practice .
this is not to deny the value of such courses : they provide , at the very least , a sense of professional community and there is no doubt that some of the inspiration they [create/make] carries over into practice .

But , with the exception of image processing systems ( see p 62 ) , computers and the documents they generate have only added to the printed matter which covers most desks : even today 95 % of business information is paper-based , and every year millions of working hours are wasted just searching for information .
but , with the exception of image processing systems ( see p 62 ) , computers and the documents they [create/make] have only added to the printed matter which covers most desks : even today 95 % of business information is paper-based , and every year millions of working hours are wasted just searching for information .

So the law does acknowledge now that people generate obligations to certain relatives during their lifetime , and that these should he honoured after their death .
so the law does acknowledge now that people [create/make] obligations to certain relatives during their lifetime , and that these should he honoured after their death .

Indeed it is an important priority to generate new data which make ethnicity visible , because on the basis of existing evidence it is difficult to distinguish whether the different patterns of support which we can see in minority ethnic kin groups are likely to persist as patterns of settlement stabilize .
indeed it is an important priority to [create/make] new data which make ethnicity visible , because on the basis of existing evidence it is difficult to distinguish whether the different patterns of support which we can see in minority ethnic kin groups are likely to persist as patterns of settlement stabilize .

Journalists are quickly caught up in pursuing the stories they generate , with an invigorating rush of adrenalin .
journalists are quickly caught up in pursuing the stories they [create/make] , with an invigorating rush of adrenalin .

Crustal contamination is therefore unlikely to generate both low Nd and low γ Os .
crustal contamination is therefore unlikely to [create/make] both low nd and low γ os .

Although the motive for this work is primarily biological , we emphasize that ‘ spatial dilemmas ’ generate patterns of extreme richness and beauty .
although the motive for this work is primarily biological , we emphasize that ‘ spatial dilemmas ’ [create/make] patterns of extreme richness and beauty .

There is indeed direct evidence that mechanical stress can generate intracellular signals that regulate gene expression .
there is indeed direct evidence that mechanical stress can [create/make] intracellular signals that regulate gene expression .

This subtype of glutamate receptor endows long-term potentiation with Hebbian characteristics , and allows electrical events at the postsynaptic membrane to be transduced into chemical signals which , in turn , are thought to activate both pre- and postsynaptic mechanisms to generate a persistent increase in synaptic strength .
this subtype of glutamate receptor endows long-term potentiation with hebbian characteristics , and allows electrical events at the postsynaptic membrane to be transduced into chemical signals which , in turn , are thought to activate both pre- and postsynaptic mechanisms to [create/make] a persistent increase in synaptic strength .

Cells generate InsP 3 through two major signalling pathways .
cells [create/make] insp 3 through two major signalling pathways .

This field component would connect gas in the plane to the hotter gas above and below and is likely both to generate instabilities and to bleed angular momentum from the disk , possibly leading to the formation of a jet .
this field component would connect gas in the plane to the hotter gas above and below and is likely both to [create/make] instabilities and to bleed angular momentum from the disk , possibly leading to the formation of a jet .

Tails generate lift in proportion to the square of their maximum continuous span .
tails [create/make] lift in proportion to the square of their maximum continuous span .

Long , graduated tails , in which all but the outermost feathers are elongated , generate the same lift as normal tails ( because maximum span is set by the outermost feathers and so does not change ) but substantially more drag , as elongation adds considerably to tail area .
long , graduated tails , in which all but the outermost feathers are elongated , [create/make] the same lift as normal tails ( because maximum span is set by the outermost feathers and so does not change ) but substantially more drag , as elongation adds considerably to tail area .

If such balancing selection maintains a substantial fraction of life-history variation , it will generate negative genetic correlations among life-history traits .
if such balancing selection maintains a substantial fraction of life-history variation , it will [create/make] negative genetic correlations among life-history traits .

These tests are not particularly sensitive ; very large sample sizes are needed to generate reasonable confidence limits on genetic correlations and biases can be introduced by deaths before late fitness is measured .
these tests are not particularly sensitive ; very large sample sizes are needed to [create/make] reasonable confidence limits on genetic correlations and biases can be introduced by deaths before late fitness is measured .

So , to generate the same annual pension , they should in theory pay more .
so , to [create/make] the same annual pension , they should in theory pay more .

Clustered together , branches of the same bank help each other to generate and retain more business than they would do independently .
clustered together , branches of the same bank help each other to [create/make] and retain more business than they would do independently .

In Howard 's time , the main problem in respect of remuneration was that the gaoler was expected to generate his own income , by what often amounted to extortion from those in his charge or their family and friends .
in howard 's time , the main problem in respect of remuneration was that the gaoler was expected to [create/make] his own income , by what often amounted to extortion from those in his charge or their family and friends .

Catholic teachers turned with new confidence to biblical criticism , but by the 1980s many of its presuppositions were being questioned and its power to generate real understanding doubted .
catholic teachers turned with new confidence to biblical criticism , but by the 1980s many of its presuppositions were being questioned and its power to [create/make] real understanding doubted .

The latter , it may be remembered , tended to generate categories ( for example , biological or personality types ) that could only possibly incorporate small amounts of criminal behaviour ; that is , they explained too little crime .
the latter , it may be remembered , tended to [create/make] categories ( for example , biological or personality types ) that could only possibly incorporate small amounts of criminal behaviour ; that is , they explained too little crime .

Yet , at the same time , practical programmes that ignore justice in retributive terms are not only likely to prove unacceptable , but are also likely to be self-defeating : the sense of injustice that they generate militates against the effectiveness of their programmes .
yet , at the same time , practical programmes that ignore justice in retributive terms are not only likely to prove unacceptable , but are also likely to be self-defeating : the sense of injustice that they [create/make] militates against the effectiveness of their programmes .

was not even enough to pay for the coal needed to generate that amount of electricity in the majority of the power stations they were then using , far less to pay the other costs of supply .
was not even enough to pay for the coal needed to [create/make] that amount of electricity in the majority of the power stations they were then using , far less to pay the other costs of supply .

That makes sense : a growing proportion of income is spent on services , such as health and education which generate less waste per dollar spent .
that makes sense : a growing proportion of income is spent on services , such as health and education which [create/make] less waste per dollar spent .

But some of mining 's convenient holes are in inconvenient places , far from the cities that generate most waste .
but some of mining 's convenient holes are in inconvenient places , far from the cities that [create/make] most waste .

Over the long term equities generate much higher returns than bonds , and allow investors to spread risk by diversifying their assets .
over the long term equities [create/make] much higher returns than bonds , and allow investors to spread risk by diversifying their assets .

These nerves are found in , among other places , the mesolimbic system — the part of the brain which seems to generate emotion .
these nerves are found in , among other places , the mesolimbic system — the part of the brain which seems to [create/make] emotion .

It may be harder to keep seeing change as ‘ challenge ’ rather than ‘ threat ’ when the going gets tough , but whether you can or not may say more about the way difficulties are met and the emotional repercussions they generate than about their very existence .
it may be harder to keep seeing change as ‘ challenge ’ rather than ‘ threat ’ when the going gets tough , but whether you can or not may say more about the way difficulties are met and the emotional repercussions they [create/make] than about their very existence .

However , if sales are maintained at the present level the higher rate will generate an extra $ 18 million of gross earnings .
however , if sales are maintained at the present level the higher rate will [create/make] an extra $ 18 million of gross earnings .

This reflection lights up the eyes in the rays of the moon or a lamp to such an extent that some native peoples believe that the tiger 's eyes actually generate their own light at night .
this reflection lights up the eyes in the rays of the moon or a lamp to such an extent that some native peoples believe that the tiger 's eyes actually [create/make] their own light at night .

Since stage in life course is roughly correlated with age , the effect could be to generate an apparent relationship between age and poverty .
since stage in life course is roughly correlated with age , the effect could be to [create/make] an apparent relationship between age and poverty .

Far and away the most important point is that the museums be allowed to keep the revenues that they generate .
far and away the most important point is that the museums be allowed to keep the revenues that they [create/make] .

The High Authority soon discovered that to use legislation to eliminate tariffs and quotas was not sufficient to generate a common market .
the high authority soon discovered that to use legislation to eliminate tariffs and quotas was not sufficient to [create/make] a common market .

It was in any case only to be expected that a serious move by the Community to advance further through a reduction of national sovereignty and freedom to act independently would generate a nationalist opposition .
it was in any case only to be expected that a serious move by the community to advance further through a reduction of national sovereignty and freedom to act independently would [create/make] a nationalist opposition .

Generate exercises
[create/make] exercises

Oxford English primary materials generate high levels of motivation and involvement by inviting children to participate in activities designed to appeal to youngsters and to stimulate their ever-inquisitive minds .
oxford english primary materials [create/make] high levels of motivation and involvement by inviting children to participate in activities designed to appeal to youngsters and to stimulate their ever-inquisitive minds .

It is known that early French experiments to manufacture hydrogen in this type of situation for a small unmanned balloon of 1,000 cubic feet , required 1,000lbs of iron and 500lbs of acid to generate sufficient gas for sustained flight .
it is known that early french experiments to manufacture hydrogen in this type of situation for a small unmanned balloon of 1,000 cubic feet , required 1,000lbs of iron and 500lbs of acid to [create/make] sufficient gas for sustained flight .

This would normally be regarded as a matter for economists and market-research specialists but behind the formidable array of evidence which they will generate are more fundamental questions of consumer preference , customer requirements and so on which are matters of human needs and prejudices .
this would normally be regarded as a matter for economists and market-research specialists but behind the formidable array of evidence which they will [create/make] are more fundamental questions of consumer preference , customer requirements and so on which are matters of human needs and prejudices .

Language and indeed behaviour generally is necessarily ordered and is represented internally as strategies , schemata are not inherently sequential and thinking can thus be concerned with context before the constraint of achieving is introduced in order to generate an output .
language and indeed behaviour generally is necessarily ordered and is represented internally as strategies , schemata are not inherently sequential and thinking can thus be concerned with context before the constraint of achieving is introduced in order to [create/make] an output .

For these reasons it is difficult to generate principles of interviewing , there are always alternative viewpoints and exceptions . for example :
for these reasons it is difficult to [create/make] principles of interviewing , there are always alternative viewpoints and exceptions . for example :

Slavery and imperial domination have been crucial social forces in the emergence of a modern world order , characterized by the striking inequalities which provide the essential backdrop to an understanding of the post-Second World War migrations of black communities to Britain , and which continue to generate migratory pressures on peoples from the Third World .
slavery and imperial domination have been crucial social forces in the emergence of a modern world order , characterized by the striking inequalities which provide the essential backdrop to an understanding of the post-second world war migrations of black communities to britain , and which continue to [create/make] migratory pressures on peoples from the third world .

In addition to its magical effects , the clock can lash out with its pendulum chains ( which are amazingly ‘ elastic ’ ) , and it can generate illusory Clone Images of itself .
in addition to its magical effects , the clock can lash out with its pendulum chains ( which are amazingly ‘ elastic ’ ) , and it can [create/make] illusory clone images of itself .

Instead , longitudinal studies incorporating a time dimension are also required for supplying historical perspective , together with a sharper appreciation of change through time and the conditions which generate it .
instead , longitudinal studies incorporating a time dimension are also required for supplying historical perspective , together with a sharper appreciation of change through time and the conditions which [create/make] it .

For though the machine has its critics and it seems clear that not everybody can adjust to its speed and voraciousness , one incontrovertible fact emerges : the machine can generate wealth of such volume as the world has never dreamt .
for though the machine has its critics and it seems clear that not everybody can adjust to its speed and voraciousness , one incontrovertible fact emerges : the machine can [create/make] wealth of such volume as the world has never dreamt .

The project began to generate a momentum of demolition of its own .
the project began to [create/make] a momentum of demolition of its own .

My problem was to persuade the teaching profession that this approach could generate lively teaching in the classroom .
my problem was to persuade the teaching profession that this approach could [create/make] lively teaching in the classroom .

It is used to generate heat in radiant and convector appliances ( where it is 100 % efficient ) , and can provide whole-house heating using storage radiators ( only 95 % efficient due to storage losses ) .
it is used to [create/make] heat in radiant and convector appliances ( where it is 100 % efficient ) , and can provide whole-house heating using storage radiators ( only 95 % efficient due to storage losses ) .

By their guerrilla activities they hoped to generate a revolt against Rome , thereby hastening the coming of the Kingdom .
by their guerrilla activities they hoped to [create/make] a revolt against rome , thereby hastening the coming of the kingdom .

Once programme momentum is lost it becomes twice as hard to generate it again .
once programme momentum is lost it becomes twice as hard to [create/make] it again .

Otherwise they may prove divisive and generate defensive attitudes .
otherwise they may prove divisive and [create/make] defensive attitudes .

Her instinctive creativity , and her association with the future rather than the past , could be the fuel which helps us to generate new forms and roles for women today .
her instinctive creativity , and her association with the future rather than the past , could be the fuel which helps us to [create/make] new forms and roles for women today .

Keeping a steady blaze is akin to the way in which women generate and maintain emotional energy .
keeping a steady blaze is akin to the way in which women [create/make] and maintain emotional energy .

Parties , it is argued , are ‘ forced to latch on to various capacities in order to generate support ’ .
parties , it is argued , are ‘ forced to latch on to various capacities in order to [create/make] support ’ .

Since cooperation was mutual trading — a genuine alternative to traditional retailing which existed to generate profit — the act of levying a profits tax challenged the integrity and identity of the movement , endowing it with the same status as private trading .
since cooperation was mutual trading — a genuine alternative to traditional retailing which existed to [create/make] profit — the act of levying a profits tax challenged the integrity and identity of the movement , endowing it with the same status as private trading .

Any Marxist revolution would simply generate a new ruling class : ‘ The socialists might conquer , but not socialism , which would perish in the moment of its adherents ’ triumph ' ( Michels , 1959 , p. 391 ) .
any marxist revolution would simply [create/make] a new ruling class : ‘ the socialists might conquer , but not socialism , which would perish in the moment of its adherents ’ triumph ' ( michels , 1959 , p. 391 ) .

Only a strong working parliament on what Weber took to be the British model , working in committees which make policy and supervise bureaucrats , could generate strong leaders who prove their mettle in parliamentary and electoral combat .
only a strong working parliament on what weber took to be the british model , working in committees which make policy and supervise bureaucrats , could [create/make] strong leaders who prove their mettle in parliamentary and electoral combat .

The presence of such an electorally viable ‘ anti-system ’ or ‘ architectonic ’ party ( Robertson , 1976 ) , led by an elite which intends to use its electoral victory to force through revolutionary changes against opposition , is always likely to generate unconstitutional counter-revolutionary behaviour amongst incumbent elites the more probable such a period of transition seems to become .
the presence of such an electorally viable ‘ anti-system ’ or ‘ architectonic ’ party ( robertson , 1976 ) , led by an elite which intends to use its electoral victory to force through revolutionary changes against opposition , is always likely to [create/make] unconstitutional counter-revolutionary behaviour amongst incumbent elites the more probable such a period of transition seems to become .

These dimensions generate the typology shown in Table 4.1 .
these dimensions [create/make] the typology shown in table 4.1 .

The exploited classes do not spontaneously generate ideologies which lead them to accept their lot .
the exploited classes do not spontaneously [create/make] ideologies which lead them to accept their lot .

Due in May , it will feature some new editors and linking facilities , object-oriented wrappers and internationalisation features such as the ability to generate Kanjii front-ends .
due in may , it will feature some new editors and linking facilities , object-oriented wrappers and internationalisation features such as the ability to [create/make] kanjii front-ends .

The important thing is to create a society in which the motives people actually have will operate so as to generate good intentions , such as will normally produce good actions , that is , ones which augment happiness .
the important thing is to create a society in which the motives people actually have will operate so as to [create/make] good intentions , such as will normally produce good actions , that is , ones which augment happiness .

It is not unusual for publicity to generate interest and encourage witnesses and , indeed , other survivors of sexual attacks to come forward .
it is not unusual for publicity to [create/make] interest and encourage witnesses and , indeed , other survivors of sexual attacks to come forward .

Our sponsored walks/treasure hunts can generate mainstream publicity with celebrity support and a sum like £5,000 can be very little to spend for a thorough branding exercise .
our sponsored walks/treasure hunts can [create/make] mainstream publicity with celebrity support and a sum like £5,000 can be very little to spend for a thorough branding exercise .

As an incidental benefit , the fermentation processes within the stomach generate heat , which is of no small value to an animal living in intensely cold areas .
as an incidental benefit , the fermentation processes within the stomach [create/make] heat , which is of no small value to an animal living in intensely cold areas .

The immense summer heat of the Asian deserts , the low pressures they generate above them , the consequently varying winds — all these features dominate the weather of the western Pacific ( and much more so in the northern hemisphere , where the ocean is overshadowed by two immense land masses , compared with the relatively landless margins south of the equator ) .
the immense summer heat of the asian deserts , the low pressures they [create/make] above them , the consequently varying winds — all these features dominate the weather of the western pacific ( and much more so in the northern hemisphere , where the ocean is overshadowed by two immense land masses , compared with the relatively landless margins south of the equator ) .

There was no reasonable mechanism in the steady state theory to generate microwaves with such a spectrum .
there was no reasonable mechanism in the steady state theory to [create/make] microwaves with such a spectrum .

During most of its lifetime of about a billion years , the star will generate heat at its center by converting oxygen into helium .
during most of its lifetime of about a billion years , the star will [create/make] heat at its center by converting oxygen into helium .

The nature of the building industry does , however , generate a resourceful , independent and adaptable labour force , with an entrepreneurial spirit .
the nature of the building industry does , however , [create/make] a resourceful , independent and adaptable labour force , with an entrepreneurial spirit .

The agent 's first objective is to obtain the best possible price for his client and secondly , if possible , to generate the opportunity to market the completed units .
the agent 's first objective is to obtain the best possible price for his client and secondly , if possible , to [create/make] the opportunity to market the completed units .

This definition encompasses the trade-off between static and dynamic efficiency : current welfare losses may be acceptable , if the market structure or conduct which gives rise to the losses will also generate efficiencies in the long run , so long as the prospective benefits are not too delayed in realization and the social discount rate is not too high .
this definition encompasses the trade-off between static and dynamic efficiency : current welfare losses may be acceptable , if the market structure or conduct which gives rise to the losses will also [create/make] efficiencies in the long run , so long as the prospective benefits are not too delayed in realization and the social discount rate is not too high .

For example , brand proliferation may generate a welfare loss through excessive expenditure on fixed costs associated with each brand ( Schmalensee , 1978 ; Salop , 1979 ) .
for example , brand proliferation may [create/make] a welfare loss through excessive expenditure on fixed costs associated with each brand ( schmalensee , 1978 ; salop , 1979 ) .

Some rules are likely to generate cases where desirable behaviour is discouraged or condemned .
some rules are likely to [create/make] cases where desirable behaviour is discouraged or condemned .

The RECs can generate electricity on their own account but are strictly limited in the extent to which they can do so .
the recs can [create/make] electricity on their own account but are strictly limited in the extent to which they can do so .

Although it is almost certainly the case that most firms are not able to appropriate all the returns to innovation via licensing , this does not imply that many firms can not generate a satisfactory stream of returns in this manner ( particularly if they are not well placed to exploit the new knowledge themselves ) .
although it is almost certainly the case that most firms are not able to appropriate all the returns to innovation via licensing , this does not imply that many firms can not [create/make] a satisfactory stream of returns in this manner ( particularly if they are not well placed to exploit the new knowledge themselves ) .

Having used exploratory techniques to ‘ ransack ’ the data , the idea is then to generate hypotheses which can be tested using confirmatory statistics .
having used exploratory techniques to ‘ ransack ’ the data , the idea is then to [create/make] hypotheses which can be tested using confirmatory statistics .

Since sociolinguistics is full of incomplete theories and unanswered questions , it is often more important to find ways of thoroughly searching the data for different types of pattern than to generate hypotheses which might well be premature .
since sociolinguistics is full of incomplete theories and unanswered questions , it is often more important to find ways of thoroughly searching the data for different types of pattern than to [create/make] hypotheses which might well be premature .

Second , it must be possible to transfer these theories of group behaviour to generate predictive models , and third to apply this aggregate theory to the behaviour of individuals .
second , it must be possible to transfer these theories of group behaviour to [create/make] predictive models , and third to apply this aggregate theory to the behaviour of individuals .

Although our understanding of the whole and individual elements of the recreation system is very imperfect , we do know the main activities which generate the greatest growth and demand for space and we can identify current and potential conflicts with other land use activities .
although our understanding of the whole and individual elements of the recreation system is very imperfect , we do know the main activities which [create/make] the greatest growth and demand for space and we can identify current and potential conflicts with other land use activities .

For example , the commodity trades which generate a high percentage of charter party bills of lading rely on a ‘ Master 's ’ bill of lading .
for example , the commodity trades which [create/make] a high percentage of charter party bills of lading rely on a ‘ master 's ’ bill of lading .

The only tentative conclusion that can be drawn from all these studies is that government financial assistance to strikers may play some minor part , not so much in starting , but in prolonging a strike , but it is an insignificant factor compared to the complex web of economic and political reasons that generate and sustain strike action .
the only tentative conclusion that can be drawn from all these studies is that government financial assistance to strikers may play some minor part , not so much in starting , but in prolonging a strike , but it is an insignificant factor compared to the complex web of economic and political reasons that [create/make] and sustain strike action .

However , this did serve to advertise the industry , create excitement , and generate a lot of early bookings that might not otherwise have come forward .
however , this did serve to advertise the industry , create excitement , and [create/make] a lot of early bookings that might not otherwise have come forward .

Because this approach appears to generate some undesirable side-effects , this chapter concludes by arguing that closer attention should be given to more direct ways of influencing migration patterns .
because this approach appears to [create/make] some undesirable side-effects , this chapter concludes by arguing that closer attention should be given to more direct ways of influencing migration patterns .

Widespread access by researchers would undoubtedly generate findings which could be used to improve the precision with which resources were targeted .
widespread access by researchers would undoubtedly [create/make] findings which could be used to improve the precision with which resources were targeted .

Wilson 's leadership was certainly new in style , in that he proclaimed his intention to turn No , 10 into a ‘ power house ’ , where the rhythmic working of bulging brains would generate a new hope , a new vision , a new purpose and a new nation .
wilson 's leadership was certainly new in style , in that he proclaimed his intention to turn no , 10 into a ‘ power house ’ , where the rhythmic working of bulging brains would [create/make] a new hope , a new vision , a new purpose and a new nation .

Even among the more informed the idea that our shared experiences and perspectives might contribute to the birth of a culture can generate anxiety .
even among the more informed the idea that our shared experiences and perspectives might contribute to the birth of a culture can [create/make] anxiety .

She could n't tell him that it had aroused her ; that the smarting of her breasts and belly and buttocks had combined to generate an absurd pleasure ; that the gentle scourging of her flesh had stimulated a tide of salaciousness ; that she was enjoying it .
she could n't tell him that it had aroused her ; that the smarting of her breasts and belly and buttocks had combined to [create/make] an absurd pleasure ; that the gentle scourging of her flesh had stimulated a tide of salaciousness ; that she was enjoying it .

It might seem that a suitable algorithm could be found which would not generate synonyms .
it might seem that a suitable algorithm could be found which would not [create/make] synonyms .

1 The 80/20 case When 20 per cent of the records generate 80 per cent of the accesses to a file , and the file is loaded in a random order , the percentage of accesses to synonyms will be the same as the percentage of synonyms ; if the file is 90 per cent packed and randomized to individual record storage positions , accesses to synonyms will be 34.063 per cent of all accesses .
1 the 80/20 case when 20 per cent of the records [create/make] 80 per cent of the accesses to a file , and the file is loaded in a random order , the percentage of accesses to synonyms will be the same as the percentage of synonyms ; if the file is 90 per cent packed and randomized to individual record storage positions , accesses to synonyms will be 34.063 per cent of all accesses .

Pre-format the file area by setting up dummy records of individual record or bucket size , to provide all the addresses within the range that the address algorithm can generate .
pre-format the file area by setting up dummy records of individual record or bucket size , to provide all the addresses within the range that the address algorithm can [create/make] .

Using the 1986 figures , a 3 per cent levy on holdings over £100,000 would generate £3.7 billion a year .
using the 1986 figures , a 3 per cent levy on holdings over £100,000 would [create/make] £3.7 billion a year .

It is surely a simplification to see the latter simply as ‘ applied ’ sciences ; they embody a different stance and intention , which may in turn generate its own ‘ theories of action ’ , which will be explored in Chapter 3 .
it is surely a simplification to see the latter simply as ‘ applied ’ sciences ; they embody a different stance and intention , which may in turn [create/make] its own ‘ theories of action ’ , which will be explored in chapter 3 .

The problem facing writers like Schon who attempt to theorize about practice is that if they fail , practice remains particularistic or intuitive , and if they succeed , they simply generate more theory .
the problem facing writers like schon who attempt to theorize about practice is that if they fail , practice remains particularistic or intuitive , and if they succeed , they simply [create/make] more theory .

But as advanced technology becomes more and more prevalent , we have to engage in analysis and diagnosis — that is , in ‘ information ’ — even more intensively or risk being swamped by the data we generate .
but as advanced technology becomes more and more prevalent , we have to engage in analysis and diagnosis — that is , in ‘ information ’ — even more intensively or risk being swamped by the data we [create/make] .

The internal labour markets which generate organizational commitment are not at all unique to Japan ( although the extent of their mis-representation may be ) .
the internal labour markets which [create/make] organizational commitment are not at all unique to japan ( although the extent of their mis-representation may be ) .

This tactic , which blurs the conventional distinction between pure theory and applied work , stems from the belief that theory in social psychology is neither produced as an end in itself , nor to generate research programmes .
this tactic , which blurs the conventional distinction between pure theory and applied work , stems from the belief that theory in social psychology is neither produced as an end in itself , nor to [create/make] research programmes .

Education is used to support current social differences , since it claims to generate distinctions based on merit rather than birth or wealth , being itself the means by which differential ability is identified .
education is used to support current social differences , since it claims to [create/make] distinctions based on merit rather than birth or wealth , being itself the means by which differential ability is identified .

It is this structuralist mode , through which the particularities of the object world at a given time may help generate the objectifications by which a set of social relationships comes to know itself through an array of everyday taxonomies which makes Bourdieu 's work such an advance on previous analyses of consumption .
it is this structuralist mode , through which the particularities of the object world at a given time may help [create/make] the objectifications by which a set of social relationships comes to know itself through an array of everyday taxonomies which makes bourdieu 's work such an advance on previous analyses of consumption .

Bourdieu 's habitus does not spontaneously generate a world of goods , only a set of dispositions .
bourdieu 's habitus does not spontaneously [create/make] a world of goods , only a set of dispositions .

The main internal relations they are concerned with are those which generate waves of innovation by industrial enterprises .
the main internal relations they are concerned with are those which [create/make] waves of innovation by industrial enterprises .

What changes in the 1970s set up the forces , working through the world market and multinational corporation networks , to generate a new international division of labour ?
what changes in the 1970s set up the forces , working through the world market and multinational corporation networks , to [create/make] a new international division of labour ?

An explanation advanced for this is that industrial innovations generate expansion .
an explanation advanced for this is that industrial innovations [create/make] expansion .

That theory 's notion of a world economy is , in its simplest form , based on the view that , since the inception of capitalism in Europe , every part of the globe is linked together through a world market and , thereafter , all that happens obeys the logic of that world market so as to generate profits for enterprises in the advanced capitalist countries .
that theory 's notion of a world economy is , in its simplest form , based on the view that , since the inception of capitalism in europe , every part of the globe is linked together through a world market and , thereafter , all that happens obeys the logic of that world market so as to [create/make] profits for enterprises in the advanced capitalist countries .

Instead of a see-saw process as different regions take over the running , a vicious circle sets in — a process of cumulative causation — by which the places which initially take the lead generate , by that very fact , all kinds of other advantages which make their position unassailable .
instead of a see-saw process as different regions take over the running , a vicious circle sets in — a process of cumulative causation — by which the places which initially take the lead [create/make] , by that very fact , all kinds of other advantages which make their position unassailable .

The combination of such characteristics with the operation of local multiplier effects will , it is argued , generate the self-reinforcing growth spiral , further improving the position of the initially advantaged region .
the combination of such characteristics with the operation of local multiplier effects will , it is argued , [create/make] the self-reinforcing growth spiral , further improving the position of the initially advantaged region .

In turn this difference may affect the stability of the employment , and the likelihood that it will generate further growth in the region concerned .
in turn this difference may affect the stability of the employment , and the likelihood that it will [create/make] further growth in the region concerned .

By extrapolation it is concluded that today 's rising income levels generate increased demand for services compared with manufactured goods .
by extrapolation it is concluded that today 's rising income levels [create/make] increased demand for services compared with manufactured goods .

the need to plan operations as efficiently as possible for a given level of resources ( or budgeted level of income if a statutory authority is expected to largely generate its own income ) ;
the need to plan operations as efficiently as possible for a given level of resources ( or budgeted level of income if a statutory authority is expected to largely [create/make] its own income ) ;

The social opportunity cost rate This is the rate whereby government projects should generate a return at least equal to the private sector projects displayed by the government applying the funds to public sector investment .
the social opportunity cost rate this is the rate whereby government projects should [create/make] a return at least equal to the private sector projects displayed by the government applying the funds to public sector investment .

The theory of the entrepreneurial bank — that is , of the purposeful use of capital to generate economic development — was formulated by the Comte de Saint-Simon during the era of Napoleon .
the theory of the entrepreneurial bank — that is , of the purposeful use of capital to [create/make] economic development — was formulated by the comte de saint-simon during the era of napoleon .

The challenge is to transform creative ideas into tangible products or processes that will improve customer services , cut costs and/or generate new earnings for an organization ( Levitt , 1963 ; Rosenfeld and Servo , 1984 ) .
the challenge is to transform creative ideas into tangible products or processes that will improve customer services , cut costs and/or [create/make] new earnings for an organization ( levitt , 1963 ; rosenfeld and servo , 1984 ) .

As soon as the ideator 's feet hit the floor in the morning , he or she starts to generate countless possibilities .
as soon as the ideator 's feet hit the floor in the morning , he or she starts to [create/make] countless possibilities .

For , as George Gilder has written , ‘ All of us are dependent for our livelihood and progress not on a vast and predictable machine , but on the creativity and courage of the particular men who accept the risks which generate our riches .
for , as george gilder has written , ‘ all of us are dependent for our livelihood and progress not on a vast and predictable machine , but on the creativity and courage of the particular men who accept the risks which [create/make] our riches .

Similarly , different strategies of discovery adopted in the field generate different kinds of deviance .
similarly , different strategies of discovery adopted in the field [create/make] different kinds of deviance .

Where , on the other hand , the selected sense is not established , the context acts rather as a stimulus for a productive process , namely , the activation of a set of rules or principles which ‘ generate ’ the sense in question .
where , on the other hand , the selected sense is not established , the context acts rather as a stimulus for a productive process , namely , the activation of a set of rules or principles which ‘ [create/make] ’ the sense in question .

In sections 4.2–4.7 certain elementary relations between sets are used as a model to generate ( i ) a basic set of paradigmatic lexical relations and ( ii ) a set of concepts which can be applied to other relations , yielding clearly defined and systematic variants .
in sections 4.2–4.7 certain elementary relations between sets are used as a model to [create/make] ( i ) a basic set of paradigmatic lexical relations and ( ii ) a set of concepts which can be applied to other relations , yielding clearly defined and systematic variants .

However , to place the rise of handheld electronic media in some context , it is worth noting that there are clear signs of electronic information markets overhauling traditional print-on-paper markets , at least in terms of the revenues they generate .
however , to place the rise of handheld electronic media in some context , it is worth noting that there are clear signs of electronic information markets overhauling traditional print-on-paper markets , at least in terms of the revenues they [create/make] .

Whether it is possible to generate a political discourse capable of articulating the distinctive needs and historical experiences of black Europeans remains to be seen .
whether it is possible to [create/make] a political discourse capable of articulating the distinctive needs and historical experiences of black europeans remains to be seen .

Even if the catechisms of ‘ correct thought ’ are updated and find new roots , and old upbeat endings are set to more popular and contemporary tunes , they will not be able to generate the more intricate models or maps which are required to confront successfully the types of racism which are evidenced by our two transcripts .
even if the catechisms of ‘ correct thought ’ are updated and find new roots , and old upbeat endings are set to more popular and contemporary tunes , they will not be able to [create/make] the more intricate models or maps which are required to confront successfully the types of racism which are evidenced by our two transcripts .

However , much analysis and design work can be performed on an existing turnkey computer system by making use of its large graphics capabilities to generate the models , but with only a limited amount of `` on board `` numerical manipulation .
however , much analysis and design work can be performed on an existing turnkey computer system by making use of its large graphics capabilities to [create/make] the models , but with only a limited amount of `` on board `` numerical manipulation .

The ability to generate formalized drawings may be of a low priority ( and in some cases an unnecessary step ) in the development of that product .
the ability to [create/make] formalized drawings may be of a low priority ( and in some cases an unnecessary step ) in the development of that product .

It is thus necessary to generate a model in which the final design is achieved by iteration and tested against the major constraints of shape , function and manufacturing .
it is thus necessary to [create/make] a model in which the final design is achieved by iteration and tested against the major constraints of shape , function and manufacturing .

Whilst it is not possible to conceive of a designing system which can take into account influences which are beyond the designer 's knowledge and comprehension , it is possible to generate a fundamental design procedure in which all relationships , known to the designer , are `` captured `` and tested for .
whilst it is not possible to conceive of a designing system which can take into account influences which are beyond the designer 's knowledge and comprehension , it is possible to [create/make] a fundamental design procedure in which all relationships , known to the designer , are `` captured `` and tested for .

The position and depth of various features can then be swept through the domain in order to generate the full solid .
the position and depth of various features can then be swept through the domain in order to [create/make] the full solid .

Similarly , requests for calculations or analysis will generate a response that requires mass data to be extracted from the model on the designing workstation .
similarly , requests for calculations or analysis will [create/make] a response that requires mass data to be extracted from the model on the designing workstation .

As the spatial file contains all the geometric relationships necessary to specify the body , this can be used to generate any pictorial view .
as the spatial file contains all the geometric relationships necessary to specify the body , this can be used to [create/make] any pictorial view .

The first approach was to insert each component , at each frame , into a reference space and manipulate them to generate the desired assembly ( shown conceptually in Figure 7.2 ) .
the first approach was to insert each component , at each frame , into a reference space and manipulate them to [create/make] the desired assembly ( shown conceptually in figure 7.2 ) .

Its message proclaims its sex , for male striders generate a barrage of ninety ripples a minutes , while females tap only ten times a minute .
its message proclaims its sex , for male striders [create/make] a barrage of ninety ripples a minutes , while females tap only ten times a minute .

With this sensitivity it could easily detect a shrimp from over a metre away for these crustaceans generate tiny electrical fields of up to one thousandth of a volt ( 0.2–1 millivolt ) per centimetre each time they flick their tails .
with this sensitivity it could easily detect a shrimp from over a metre away for these crustaceans [create/make] tiny electrical fields of up to one thousandth of a volt ( 0.2–1 millivolt ) per centimetre each time they flick their tails .

Adults grow to over a metre long and generate electricity of up to 300 volts , while even baby electric catfish only 2 centimetres long can produce 10 volts .
adults grow to over a metre long and [create/make] electricity of up to 300 volts , while even baby electric catfish only 2 centimetres long can produce 10 volts .

This allows it to generate an incredible 550 volts .
this allows it to [create/make] an incredible 550 volts .

Some of these electric fish also generate much smaller electric fields to sense their surroundings .
some of these electric fish also [create/make] much smaller electric fields to sense their surroundings .

The knife-fish and the mormyrids generate their electricity in columns of modified muscle cells .
the knife-fish and the mormyrids [create/make] their electricity in columns of modified muscle cells .

These fish do not generate electricity continuously , but switch on and off rapidly .
these fish do not [create/make] electricity continuously , but switch on and off rapidly .

Shankweiler and Studdert-Kennedy ( 1967 ) used a device to generate consonant-vowel ( cv ) syllables from different consonants paired with the same vowel .
shankweiler and studdert-kennedy ( 1967 ) used a device to [create/make] consonant-vowel ( cv ) syllables from different consonants paired with the same vowel .

In response to certain hormones , brown fat burns extra calories to generate heat .
in response to certain hormones , brown fat burns extra calories to [create/make] heat .

Some materials are intended to let teachers use this facet of video as a basis for project work or to generate debate .
some materials are intended to let teachers use this facet of video as a basis for project work or to [create/make] debate .

The sections you choose need to make sense when viewed in isolation as well as yielding the kind of work you want to generate in the class .
the sections you choose need to make sense when viewed in isolation as well as yielding the kind of work you want to [create/make] in the class .

— To generate the language of description by setting students the task of describing a character or a place they are going to see .
— to [create/make] the language of description by setting students the task of describing a character or a place they are going to see .

We are always interested to know how much classwork any material can generate .
we are always interested to know how much classwork any material can [create/make] .

You will also find that to generate the right question is usually more difficult than to find the right answer .
you will also find that to [create/make] the right question is usually more difficult than to find the right answer .

We said earlier that it was important to generate questions .
we said earlier that it was important to [create/make] questions .

because fail to generate new instit .
because fail to [create/make] new instit .

In the late 1960s it was considered impossible to generate computer imagery at a high enough resolution to project onto a Cinerama screen — the electronic equivalent of ‘ grain ' would have been unacceptably coarse and spotty .
in the late 1960s it was considered impossible to [create/make] computer imagery at a high enough resolution to project onto a cinerama screen — the electronic equivalent of ‘ grain ' would have been unacceptably coarse and spotty .

In Marx 's view this would mean the end of history since communist society would no longer contain the contradictions which generate change .
in marx 's view this would mean the end of history since communist society would no longer contain the contradictions which [create/make] change .

Our model requires two sites of learning so that constant head velocity can generate constant eye velocity .
our model requires two sites of learning so that constant head velocity can [create/make] constant eye velocity .

Both the Delanos wrote books for children and adults in an effort to encourage the population to become more literate and hopefully generate a sense of pride in the history of the island .
both the delanos wrote books for children and adults in an effort to encourage the population to become more literate and hopefully [create/make] a sense of pride in the history of the island .

‘ The [ Son-of-Sam ] statute represents a response to the outrage expressed by the public at an offender 's ability to profit from his wrong ; but what publisher could contract with an offender if he were not certain that the public 's response to the offender 's story would generate enough profit to make his efforts worthwhile ? ’
‘ the [ son-of-sam ] statute represents a response to the outrage expressed by the public at an offender 's ability to profit from his wrong ; but what publisher could contract with an offender if he were not certain that the public 's response to the offender 's story would [create/make] enough profit to make his efforts worthwhile ? ’

But when all qualifications have been entered , Benjamin 's position is important for three main reasons : he took the potential of new media seriously ( as Adorno did not ) ; he recognized a new kind of ‘ autonomy ’ for cultural activity , defined in terms of its status as a practice and an intervention ; and he saw that the new modes of production and reproduction would generate new kinds of perception .
but when all qualifications have been entered , benjamin 's position is important for three main reasons : he took the potential of new media seriously ( as adorno did not ) ; he recognized a new kind of ‘ autonomy ’ for cultural activity , defined in terms of its status as a practice and an intervention ; and he saw that the new modes of production and reproduction would [create/make] new kinds of perception .

Most investment projects , however , will involve substantial initial costs and will generate sales revenue over an extended period , so the problem arises of comparison of present costs and future prospective revenues .
most investment projects , however , will involve substantial initial costs and will [create/make] sales revenue over an extended period , so the problem arises of comparison of present costs and future prospective revenues .

One general problem of socialism is to find a satisfactory mode of institutionalising conflict over the allocation of resources within the context of planning , and minimising the antagonisms it could generate .
one general problem of socialism is to find a satisfactory mode of institutionalising conflict over the allocation of resources within the context of planning , and minimising the antagonisms it could [create/make] .

The ‘ threshold payments ’ scheme introduced under Heath before the oil-price rise — a scheme supported by the then Labour opposition — was tending to generate a runaway wage-price spiral , but since prices were to some extent constrained by continuing state controls there was also a severe squeeze on company liquidity , with its threat to employment .
the ‘ threshold payments ’ scheme introduced under heath before the oil-price rise — a scheme supported by the then labour opposition — was tending to [create/make] a runaway wage-price spiral , but since prices were to some extent constrained by continuing state controls there was also a severe squeeze on company liquidity , with its threat to employment .

This will generate lower transactions costs than arbitrage as it requires only one sale of shares and one purchase of futures — assuming that the investor would have closed out his or her long position in shares at the delivery date anyway , or is content to roll over the long futures position until they would otherwise have sold their share portfolio .
this will [create/make] lower transactions costs than arbitrage as it requires only one sale of shares and one purchase of futures — assuming that the investor would have closed out his or her long position in shares at the delivery date anyway , or is content to roll over the long futures position until they would otherwise have sold their share portfolio .

Index arbitrage will then generate subsequent movements in the spot price to bring the spot and futures markets into line .
index arbitrage will then [create/make] subsequent movements in the spot price to bring the spot and futures markets into line .

These are educationally unsatisfactory and unlikely to generate the deep thinking referred to by Lowry or produce caring doctors with a holistic attitude to illness and their patients .
these are educationally unsatisfactory and unlikely to [create/make] the deep thinking referred to by lowry or produce caring doctors with a holistic attitude to illness and their patients .

While the support documentation required for a comprehensive paper based protocol would limit its use , a computer based system would be able to generate prompts for managing infrequent clinical scenarios in a user friendly way .
while the support documentation required for a comprehensive paper based protocol would limit its use , a computer based system would be able to [create/make] prompts for managing infrequent clinical scenarios in a user friendly way .

This critique , presented in an historical perspective , will focus both on women 's opportunities to generate eventual occupational pension scheme benefits themselves via paid employment , and on issues relating to widows ' benefits .
this critique , presented in an historical perspective , will focus both on women 's opportunities to [create/make] eventual occupational pension scheme benefits themselves via paid employment , and on issues relating to widows ' benefits .

50–1 ) and are consequently at risk of poverty in old age unless , unusually , they have been able to generate an adequate income through their own resources .
50–1 ) and are consequently at risk of poverty in old age unless , unusually , they have been able to [create/make] an adequate income through their own resources .

Women 's greater share of unpaid domestic work and their labour market position , including low pay , have inhibited their ability to generate an adequate income for old age .
women 's greater share of unpaid domestic work and their labour market position , including low pay , have inhibited their ability to [create/make] an adequate income for old age .

The session — which featured detailed contributions from Blackwell Retail 's academic development manager Roger Bowen , and Pitman Publishing 's sales and marketing director Rod Bristow — examined the recent changes in the British education system and suggested ways in which they could be exploited to generate more sales .
the session — which featured detailed contributions from blackwell retail 's academic development manager roger bowen , and pitman publishing 's sales and marketing director rod bristow — examined the recent changes in the british education system and suggested ways in which they could be exploited to [create/make] more sales .

Increased productivity — all that customization can result in an easier-to-use interface , those formatting options generate info with more impact .
increased productivity — all that customization can result in an easier-to-use interface , those formatting options [create/make] info with more impact .

Built like a prop forward , a pair of huge shoulders generate sharp pace from an approach that evokes a rampant rhino .
built like a prop forward , a pair of huge shoulders [create/make] sharp pace from an approach that evokes a rampant rhino .

he also opened up early at the wicket and had a tendency to bowl from the edge of the crease , which caused him to get the right shoulder in front of the left as he delivered and , with hardly any follow through , the only way he could generate any great speed was by a late acceleration of the bowling arm .
he also opened up early at the wicket and had a tendency to bowl from the edge of the crease , which caused him to get the right shoulder in front of the left as he delivered and , with hardly any follow through , the only way he could [create/make] any great speed was by a late acceleration of the bowling arm .

Many general practitioners are worried that such referrals will be complex and time consuming and will generate too much extra work .
many general practitioners are worried that such referrals will be complex and time consuming and will [create/make] too much extra work .

Literature does not generate literature ; ideologies do not create ideologies ; superstructures do not generate superstructures except as an inert and passive inheritance : they are not generated by " parthenogensis " , but by the intervention of the " male " element , history , that is to say new social relations .
literature does not [create/make] literature ; ideologies do not create ideologies ; superstructures do not [create/make] superstructures except as an inert and passive inheritance : they are not generated by " parthenogensis " , but by the intervention of the " male " element , history , that is to say new social relations .

It is ironic that this dual aspiration , on the one hand , to give back autonomy to the socialist writer to produce works which balance the twin exigencies of socialist ideology and literary form , and on the other , to generate as a consequence a fuller , richer , more complex depiction of reality , marks , in fact , a return to the spirit of Nizan 's understanding of socialist realism in France in the 1930s .
it is ironic that this dual aspiration , on the one hand , to give back autonomy to the socialist writer to produce works which balance the twin exigencies of socialist ideology and literary form , and on the other , to [create/make] as a consequence a fuller , richer , more complex depiction of reality , marks , in fact , a return to the spirit of nizan 's understanding of socialist realism in france in the 1930s .

Yet it is now becoming well recognised that pathogens may exist in forms without cell walls and may generate ‘ slow bacterial infections ’ in which the organism will not be easily cultured .
yet it is now becoming well recognised that pathogens may exist in forms without cell walls and may [create/make] ‘ slow bacterial infections ’ in which the organism will not be easily cultured .

Until a definition for asthma itself can be agreed the problem of defining attacks will continue to generate controversy .
until a definition for asthma itself can be agreed the problem of defining attacks will continue to [create/make] controversy .

Different approaches to the estimation of utilities for health states generate different values ; this has the potential to reduce greatly the comparability of the six source studies .
different approaches to the estimation of utilities for health states [create/make] different values ; this has the potential to reduce greatly the comparability of the six source studies .

One possibility being considered is for solar power to be used to pump downstream water back up to the main reservoir , so restoring the head of water needed to generate hydro-electric power .
one possibility being considered is for solar power to be used to pump downstream water back up to the main reservoir , so restoring the head of water needed to [create/make] hydro-electric power .

The exuberance that Minton helped generate at Camberwell was related to a deeper excitement animating the whole school .
the exuberance that minton helped [create/make] at camberwell was related to a deeper excitement animating the whole school .

His ability to generate energy , to charge any situation with hilarious fun , coloured the lives of all who came into contact with him .
his ability to [create/make] energy , to charge any situation with hilarious fun , coloured the lives of all who came into contact with him .

What is vital is that they should generate the kinds of questions which can be explored through interaction with others .
what is vital is that they should [create/make] the kinds of questions which can be explored through interaction with others .

Changes within capitalism generate new forms of spatial organization at the same time as they create new forms of social organization .
changes within capitalism [create/make] new forms of spatial organization at the same time as they create new forms of social organization .

Realist science is a means of conceptual discovery based on the movement at any given level of analysis , from manifest phenomena to knowledge of the structures and mechanisms which generate them … .
realist science is a means of conceptual discovery based on the movement at any given level of analysis , from manifest phenomena to knowledge of the structures and mechanisms which [create/make] them … .

The port 's operations are subsidized to some extent by the local authorities but in the main the port is financed by port dues and this had led to a demand that any port land released for development should yield significant port use in order to generate revenue .
the port 's operations are subsidized to some extent by the local authorities but in the main the port is financed by port dues and this had led to a demand that any port land released for development should yield significant port use in order to [create/make] revenue .

Reconstituted families , formed by the remarriage of divorcees with children , are fairly common and may generate difficult and non-institutionalized relationships , ( a ) between step-parents and resident children , and ( b ) with the previous spouse and children .
reconstituted families , formed by the remarriage of divorcees with children , are fairly common and may [create/make] difficult and non-institutionalized relationships , ( a ) between step-parents and resident children , and ( b ) with the previous spouse and children .

Nozick needs this conclusion to generate the sceptical problem that he is attempting to dissolve .
nozick needs this conclusion to [create/make] the sceptical problem that he is attempting to dissolve .

But it is normally an appeal to possible rather than to actual cases that is used to generate scepticism about the existence of minds other than our own .
but it is normally an appeal to possible rather than to actual cases that is used to [create/make] scepticism about the existence of minds other than our own .

This fact has the potential to generate two further kinds of exercise which will develop this aspect of coherence : the conversion of
this fact has the potential to [create/make] two further kinds of exercise which will develop this aspect of coherence : the conversion of

Grewer , Moston , and Sexton ( in Candlin 1981 ) give examples of discourse charts which can be used by learners to generate exchanges in particular contexts .
grewer , moston , and sexton ( in candlin 1981 ) give examples of discourse charts which can be used by learners to [create/make] exchanges in particular contexts .

The capacity to generate electricity has been taken even farther by one fish in the Amazon , the electric eel .
the capacity to [create/make] electricity has been taken even farther by one fish in the amazon , the electric eel .

Finally , an ability to motivate , and generate the enthusiasm for your product that will encourage the creative team to give of their best , is essential .
finally , an ability to motivate , and [create/make] the enthusiasm for your product that will encourage the creative team to give of their best , is essential .

to generate requests for information ; and , even
to [create/make] requests for information ; and , even

Virgin Atlantic , as the new airline was to be called , would need to become airborne within the next three to four months , to take advantage of the summer traffic and generate the necessary cash reserves to see it through the fallow winter months .
virgin atlantic , as the new airline was to be called , would need to become airborne within the next three to four months , to take advantage of the summer traffic and [create/make] the necessary cash reserves to see it through the fallow winter months .

Generate and test
[create/make] and test

As well as the nodes and their interconnections , the net has a separate circuit which can generate random bit patterns .
as well as the nodes and their interconnections , the net has a separate circuit which can [create/make] random bit patterns .

One does not meet so-called conceptual clusterers which generate definitions of the form a < f ( x ) < b .
one does not meet so-called conceptual clusterers which [create/make] definitions of the form a < f ( x ) < b .

True , they led to the old Naval Dockyard but that did not generate many heavy goods vehicles and probably none at night .
true , they led to the old naval dockyard but that did not [create/make] many heavy goods vehicles and probably none at night .

Using the elements rather than fuel to generate power is why yachtsmen prefer sailing yachts to motor boats .
using the elements rather than fuel to [create/make] power is why yachtsmen prefer sailing yachts to motor boats .

New highways through the rainforest lead to boom-town development , destruction and dereliction ; reservoirs from flooded valleys ( intended to generate clean , cheap electricity ) silt up , thanks to the soil erosion caused by clearfelling of the protective forest cover on surrounding slopes .
new highways through the rainforest lead to boom-town development , destruction and dereliction ; reservoirs from flooded valleys ( intended to [create/make] clean , cheap electricity ) silt up , thanks to the soil erosion caused by clearfelling of the protective forest cover on surrounding slopes .

First party competition will generate `` excessive `` expectations in the electorate .
first party competition will [create/make] `` excessive `` expectations in the electorate .

Similarly , Branchplan can be used to generate a plot of customer distribution around a particular store location .
similarly , branchplan can be used to [create/make] a plot of customer distribution around a particular store location .

Similarly , shareholders who rank the capacities of their company management very highly may support expansion on the basis that they can generate larger profits even without synergistic advantages .
similarly , shareholders who rank the capacities of their company management very highly may support expansion on the basis that they can [create/make] larger profits even without synergistic advantages .

the ability to generate sufficient revenue and/or profits ,
the ability to [create/make] sufficient revenue and/or profits ,

Such agencies utilise consumer panels , readership surveys and television audience measurement to generate their information .
such agencies utilise consumer panels , readership surveys and television audience measurement to [create/make] their information .

‘ The Looms generate immense heat , ’ said Caspar , as they drew nearer and Fenella flinched from the dry , gusty warmth .
‘ the looms [create/make] immense heat , ’ said caspar , as they drew nearer and fenella flinched from the dry , gusty warmth .

For example , whereas Fulton suffered heavily from lack of civil service support , advocates of the new managerialism have emphasized the need to change the Whitehall culture in order to generate reform from within .
for example , whereas fulton suffered heavily from lack of civil service support , advocates of the new managerialism have emphasized the need to change the whitehall culture in order to [create/make] reform from within .

As Plowden ( 1985 , p. 401 ) observes , ‘ almost any information system exploiting modern technology is likely to generate too much information ’ .
as plowden ( 1985 , p. 401 ) observes , ‘ almost any information system exploiting modern technology is likely to [create/make] too much information ’ .

There were no absolute outside standards , so standards had to generate themselves from within , relativistically .
there were no absolute outside standards , so standards had to [create/make] themselves from within , relativistically .

But why was the capitalist mode of production more efficient than feudal landownership , and why does this generate social and political change leading to a new power structure in society ? To understand all of this we need , according to Marxists , to understand the laws of motion of capitalism .
but why was the capitalist mode of production more efficient than feudal landownership , and why does this [create/make] social and political change leading to a new power structure in society ? to understand all of this we need , according to marxists , to understand the laws of motion of capitalism .

For example , this account does not discuss the conflicts which occur between different sectors of capital and the conflicting political pressures this will generate .
for example , this account does not discuss the conflicts which occur between different sectors of capital and the conflicting political pressures this will [create/make] .

This threat derives from the way in which these interests are able to force military expenditure higher than is necessary to counter the threat which exists , generate a wasteful arms race and distort American foreign policy goals .
this threat derives from the way in which these interests are able to force military expenditure higher than is necessary to counter the threat which exists , [create/make] a wasteful arms race and distort american foreign policy goals .

The message distilled from Keynes 's theories by politicians was that governments should increase public expenditure to generate economic growth through stimulating demand .
the message distilled from keynes 's theories by politicians was that governments should increase public expenditure to [create/make] economic growth through stimulating demand .

We wish to distance ourselves from such inferences , even though naturally we would expect our findings to generate constructive discussion about the effective use of pupils ' and teachers ' time in primary schools .
we wish to distance ourselves from such inferences , even though naturally we would expect our findings to [create/make] constructive discussion about the effective use of pupils ' and teachers ' time in primary schools .

Their ability to motivate children was heavily dependent upon the precision of this balance since tasks which are too difficult invariably generate frustration or anxiety while those which are too easy soon lead to boredom and a general sense of purposelessness .
their ability to motivate children was heavily dependent upon the precision of this balance since tasks which are too difficult invariably [create/make] frustration or anxiety while those which are too easy soon lead to boredom and a general sense of purposelessness .

We are arguing , on the basis of what actually happens in classrooms , that a purist adherence to any methodological orthodoxy can generate considerable problems , that these need to be addressed openly , and that in any event the notion that the act of teaching can be made the subject of procedural mandates is suspect and unrealistic .
we are arguing , on the basis of what actually happens in classrooms , that a purist adherence to any methodological orthodoxy can [create/make] considerable problems , that these need to be addressed openly , and that in any event the notion that the act of teaching can be made the subject of procedural mandates is suspect and unrealistic .

The advantages of a centralized policy are the speed and scale of reform it allows ; the disadvantages , particularly in a complex arena like education , are the resistance and disaffection it may generate , and the inevitability that the practice which emerges will be rather different from that intended because those at the receiving end may have insufficient understanding or commitment to secure its implementation .
the advantages of a centralized policy are the speed and scale of reform it allows ; the disadvantages , particularly in a complex arena like education , are the resistance and disaffection it may [create/make] , and the inevitability that the practice which emerges will be rather different from that intended because those at the receiving end may have insufficient understanding or commitment to secure its implementation .

Moreover , the lack of seniority of most Phase 3 appointees further reduced their potential to generate change .
moreover , the lack of seniority of most phase 3 appointees further reduced their potential to [create/make] change .

Cabinet was to be asked to look at the probable growth in the economy , and the amount of tax revenue it wished to generate , and then decide what in total it could afford to spend .
cabinet was to be asked to look at the probable growth in the economy , and the amount of tax revenue it wished to [create/make] , and then decide what in total it could afford to spend .

This was designed both to decentralise the delivery of services through mini-town halls , and to generate local plans which would feed into an overall local authority or corporate plan spanning a four-year period .
this was designed both to decentralise the delivery of services through mini-town halls , and to [create/make] local plans which would feed into an overall local authority or corporate plan spanning a four-year period .

Johnson , never under an obligation to generate social ease , dismissed that by saying ‘ The intimacy is such as one of the professors here may have with one of the carpenters who is repairing the college , ’ Johnson 's point being that the printer , having printed some of Warburton 's works , might perhaps have bought the copyright in one or two of them .
johnson , never under an obligation to [create/make] social ease , dismissed that by saying ‘ the intimacy is such as one of the professors here may have with one of the carpenters who is repairing the college , ’ johnson 's point being that the printer , having printed some of warburton 's works , might perhaps have bought the copyright in one or two of them .

While violence on the field of play may generate tension and even trigger violence , one must probe a little deeper to discover the underlying social roots of the problem .
while violence on the field of play may [create/make] tension and even trigger violence , one must probe a little deeper to discover the underlying social roots of the problem .

Smith favours the view that decisive policing will most effectively quell the rioting , but concedes that premature intervention may well generate uncontrollable panic .
smith favours the view that decisive policing will most effectively quell the rioting , but concedes that premature intervention may well [create/make] uncontrollable panic .

However , under conditions of social instability where the individual 's deteriorating ‘ life circumstances ’ generate acute feelings of anxiety , sport may be incapable of providing adequate relief .
however , under conditions of social instability where the individual 's deteriorating ‘ life circumstances ’ [create/make] acute feelings of anxiety , sport may be incapable of providing adequate relief .

In this chapter , we look in closer detail at the media 's relationship to public disorder . In particular , we consider such crucial questions as : what are the characteristic images and explanations of public disorder presented by the media , and why do they take their conventional form ? Do the media meet their own criteria of objectivity and balance in such representations , and do they reasonably address the underlying grievances of participants ? Are we correct to assume that media coverage helps to excuse or justify police aggression ? Does it encourage a ‘ copycat ’ effect , or generate the potential for further disorder in other , less obvious ways ?
in this chapter , we look in closer detail at the media 's relationship to public disorder . in particular , we consider such crucial questions as : what are the characteristic images and explanations of public disorder presented by the media , and why do they take their conventional form ? do the media meet their own criteria of objectivity and balance in such representations , and do they reasonably address the underlying grievances of participants ? are we correct to assume that media coverage helps to excuse or justify police aggression ? does it encourage a ‘ copycat ’ effect , or [create/make] the potential for further disorder in other , less obvious ways ?

As part of this cognitive revolution , psychoanalytic machines called ‘ psychoscopes ’ have been invented to generate ‘ biograms ’ , ‘ the extracted absolute of your unconscious patterns throughout your life … telescoped in time into one line that shows your harmonious rhythm , your up and down tendencies ’ ( 147/149 ) .
as part of this cognitive revolution , psychoanalytic machines called ‘ psychoscopes ’ have been invented to [create/make] ‘ biograms ’ , ‘ the extracted absolute of your unconscious patterns throughout your life … telescoped in time into one line that shows your harmonious rhythm , your up and down tendencies ’ ( 147/149 ) .

Immobility is linked to the desire for stable identity , to certain knowledge , to fixed images , and to the various clichés of the discourses of authority . But attempts to fix or stabilize knowledge by means of an array of scientific instruments fail as well , for these instruments generate new metaphors by mixing the concrete with the abstract :
immobility is linked to the desire for stable identity , to certain knowledge , to fixed images , and to the various clichés of the discourses of authority . but attempts to fix or stabilize knowledge by means of an array of scientific instruments fail as well , for these instruments [create/make] new metaphors by mixing the concrete with the abstract :

In her private life material from conference lectures is combined with the pop-culture mythology of advertisements , phrase-book dialogues , and other public texts in a number of languages to generate a network of images that is in turn linked to semi-conscious obsessions and childhood memories .
in her private life material from conference lectures is combined with the pop-culture mythology of advertisements , phrase-book dialogues , and other public texts in a number of languages to [create/make] a network of images that is in turn linked to semi-conscious obsessions and childhood memories .

Between demonstrates how a multiplicity of different discursive systems intertwine to form the substrata of an individual mind which plays them off against each other , combines them and uses them to generate the repertory of stories that determine how she ‘ reads ’ the world in which she lives .
between demonstrates how a multiplicity of different discursive systems intertwine to form the substrata of an individual mind which plays them off against each other , combines them and uses them to [create/make] the repertory of stories that determine how she ‘ reads ’ the world in which she lives .

The ‘ bad copies ’ the main character produces are made possible by the fact that a number of comparable codes are juxtaposed simultaneously in her mind . In an interview Christine Brooke-Rose illustrates the capacity for this type of juxtaposition to generate parody :
the ‘ bad copies ’ the main character produces are made possible by the fact that a number of comparable codes are juxtaposed simultaneously in her mind . in an interview christine brooke-rose illustrates the capacity for this type of juxtaposition to [create/make] parody :

Far from clarifying the world envisaged , these devices serve in Amalgamemnon to generate the fiction itself .
far from clarifying the world envisaged , these devices serve in amalgamemnon to [create/make] the fiction itself .

Hence black youth is subject to closer surveillance and control by the police , a form of policing more likely to generate further offences and more likely to be diverted to the juvenile bureau .
hence black youth is subject to closer surveillance and control by the police , a form of policing more likely to [create/make] further offences and more likely to be diverted to the juvenile bureau .

The feeling in the backswing has been one of turning the back to the target , and hopefully with a feeling that the right hand is going to generate power through impact .
the feeling in the backswing has been one of turning the back to the target , and hopefully with a feeling that the right hand is going to [create/make] power through impact .

It created a wartime atmosphere which could be used to manage the economy and to generate social cohesion .
it created a wartime atmosphere which could be used to manage the economy and to [create/make] social cohesion .

Apart from its immunosuppressive action , prolonged mental and physical arousal resulting from stress can generate a cycle of numerous biochemical processes that seem to hasten ageing .
apart from its immunosuppressive action , prolonged mental and physical arousal resulting from stress can [create/make] a cycle of numerous biochemical processes that seem to hasten ageing .

Their twin purpose is to protect the core group from numerical employment fluctuations while conducting the host of non-specific and subsidiary activities which all organizations require and generate .
their twin purpose is to protect the core group from numerical employment fluctuations while conducting the host of non-specific and subsidiary activities which all organizations require and [create/make] .

What is less often recognized is that it was distinctly innovatory , marking important breaks with earlier theories of female sexuality and helping to generate an intellectual climate favourable to regulationism .
what is less often recognized is that it was distinctly innovatory , marking important breaks with earlier theories of female sexuality and helping to [create/make] an intellectual climate favourable to regulationism .

It is beginning to be recognised that proficiency in more than one language often carries with it the need to be what one might term ‘ crosslingual ’ , that is , able to generate connections across languages rather than only using them independently of each other .
it is beginning to be recognised that proficiency in more than one language often carries with it the need to be what one might term ‘ crosslingual ’ , that is , able to [create/make] connections across languages rather than only using them independently of each other .

’ This way they were going to generate a lot of heat but not much reason .
’ this way they were going to [create/make] a lot of heat but not much reason .

Du Chaillu 's discoveries did much to focus public attention on the implications of Darwin 's theory , and may have helped to generate alarm over the prospect that the human race could be related to a creature whose ferocious nature had been deliberately exaggerated by its discoverer .
du chaillu 's discoveries did much to focus public attention on the implications of darwin 's theory , and may have helped to [create/make] alarm over the prospect that the human race could be related to a creature whose ferocious nature had been deliberately exaggerated by its discoverer .

We generate it at will , turn it on or off by flicking a switch .
we [create/make] it at will , turn it on or off by flicking a switch .

The joyful energy which women could generate was seen as dangerous , and the Christian church today is often equally suspicious of charismatic services .
the joyful energy which women could [create/make] was seen as dangerous , and the christian church today is often equally suspicious of charismatic services .

The whole process of storing and moving goods tends to generate highly inflammable rubbish ( packaging etc . )
the whole process of storing and moving goods tends to [create/make] highly inflammable rubbish ( packaging etc . )

Particular care must be taken over plastic packaging materials as these are frequently highly inflammable and can generate toxic fumes when burning .
particular care must be taken over plastic packaging materials as these are frequently highly inflammable and can [create/make] toxic fumes when burning .

There is the sense here that reason is more than the sum of its parts , and that the serious pursuit of truth can , over time , generate a way of looking at the world and an approach to forming judgements on it that stands over and above any particular truths that may be assimilated on the way .
there is the sense here that reason is more than the sum of its parts , and that the serious pursuit of truth can , over time , [create/make] a way of looking at the world and an approach to forming judgements on it that stands over and above any particular truths that may be assimilated on the way .

The internalized dialogue that it brings acts on the mind so as to generate a continuing cycle of reflection and intellectual advance .
the internalized dialogue that it brings acts on the mind so as to [create/make] a continuing cycle of reflection and intellectual advance .

There is nothing odd in this ; the academic freedoms that the academic community enjoys generate their own academic ethic which members of the academic community should fulfil if they are to warrant those privileges ( Shils 1984 ) .
there is nothing odd in this ; the academic freedoms that the academic community enjoys [create/make] their own academic ethic which members of the academic community should fulfil if they are to warrant those privileges ( shils 1984 ) .

This in itself is a salutary reminder that x 's authority in a discipline is not sufficient to generate her authority as a teacher .
this in itself is a salutary reminder that x 's authority in a discipline is not sufficient to [create/make] her authority as a teacher .

In the extreme case it is possible to use the same file that created the page on a page printer and use it to generate true phototypeset quality results .
in the extreme case it is possible to use the same file that created the page on a page printer and use it to [create/make] true phototypeset quality results .

This is brilliantly easy to use , incorporates loads of special effects such as distortion , graduated tones and can even generate raw PostScript if required .
this is brilliantly easy to use , incorporates loads of special effects such as distortion , graduated tones and can even [create/make] raw postscript if required .

Like PageMaker it lacks the sophisticated text entry and manipulation tools necessary to generate the material it will process but , unlike PageMaker , once it has that material it can produce documents virtually automatically .
like pagemaker it lacks the sophisticated text entry and manipulation tools necessary to [create/make] the material it will process but , unlike pagemaker , once it has that material it can produce documents virtually automatically .

Each character was hand-crafted , relatively few sizes were available at any one time and there were limits to the maximum size available so that other methods were often used to generate headlines and so on .
each character was hand-crafted , relatively few sizes were available at any one time and there were limits to the maximum size available so that other methods were often used to [create/make] headlines and so on .

In the announcement of their forthcoming System 7 software they revealed that they were moving towards the concept of using outline fonts to generate the screen displays and that they were developing their own proprietary format , then known as Royal but subsequently re-named TrueType .
in the announcement of their forthcoming system 7 software they revealed that they were moving towards the concept of using outline fonts to [create/make] the screen displays and that they were developing their own proprietary format , then known as royal but subsequently re-named truetype .

At the editor 's workstation , which is n't a particular Mac but the one he happens to be logged onto , formatting codes are applied to the copy to generate the typeset material .
at the editor 's workstation , which is n't a particular mac but the one he happens to be logged onto , formatting codes are applied to the copy to [create/make] the typeset material .

If one analyses the appeal of desktop publishing the basic appeal is its capability to generate material that looks printed , not like something that came off a daisywheel or dot matrix printer .
if one analyses the appeal of desktop publishing the basic appeal is its capability to [create/make] material that looks printed , not like something that came off a daisywheel or dot matrix printer .

Indeed , as we will see later , it still has a significant role to play even when the latest presentation graphics software is being used to generate the information .
indeed , as we will see later , it still has a significant role to play even when the latest presentation graphics software is being used to [create/make] the information .

Although the laser printed sheet is only in black and white the rostrum camera operator can add the colours optically and generate a very high quality slide for around half what it would have cost to produce using a ‘ conventional ’ electronic system .
although the laser printed sheet is only in black and white the rostrum camera operator can add the colours optically and [create/make] a very high quality slide for around half what it would have cost to produce using a ‘ conventional ’ electronic system .

The main problem is that while the software can generate the presentaion very quickly the slides themselves do take time to image , it 's not like taking a conventional photograph .
the main problem is that while the software can [create/make] the presentaion very quickly the slides themselves do take time to image , it 's not like taking a conventional photograph .

If you currently rely on several word processor operators to generate material that is then ‘ published ’ it might occur to you to simply have each word processor operator trained up on the electronic publishing system .
if you currently rely on several word processor operators to [create/make] material that is then ‘ published ’ it might occur to you to simply have each word processor operator trained up on the electronic publishing system .

Unfortunately , for the traditional printing and graphic arts industries , the desktop publishing ‘ revolution ’ has taken place largely outside their control and has placed the capability to generate complex artwork directly in the hands of anyone with access to a computer and around £1,000 or less for the necessary software .
unfortunately , for the traditional printing and graphic arts industries , the desktop publishing ‘ revolution ’ has taken place largely outside their control and has placed the capability to [create/make] complex artwork directly in the hands of anyone with access to a computer and around £1,000 or less for the necessary software .

Before any computer system can generate or understand spoken words the complex waveforms that make up speech must be turned into a digital form that the computer can cope with .
before any computer system can [create/make] or understand spoken words the complex waveforms that make up speech must be turned into a digital form that the computer can cope with .

To electronically generate speech-like sounds we can use one of two methods .
to electronically [create/make] speech-like sounds we can use one of two methods .

With a little practice it is possible to generate complete sentences instantly by simply calling up a string of stored phonemes .
with a little practice it is possible to [create/make] complete sentences instantly by simply calling up a string of stored phonemes .

Work groups may generate distinctive ‘ cultures of resistance ’ based on informal relations of friendship , or on some shared occupational identity such as a craft ethic ( Salaman , 1979 , pp.16–36 ) .
work groups may [create/make] distinctive ‘ cultures of resistance ’ based on informal relations of friendship , or on some shared occupational identity such as a craft ethic ( salaman , 1979 , pp.16–36 ) .

All organisations will generate their own cultures , whether spontaneously , or under the guidance of positive managerial strategy . The culture will consist of :
all organisations will [create/make] their own cultures , whether spontaneously , or under the guidance of positive managerial strategy . the culture will consist of :

In aiming for all-year round facilities , the cost of , say , £100,000 per acre and for a controlled environment , will generate income sufficient to pay for about 16,000 new covered acres a year — the equivalent of 100 golf courses or pony-trekking courses .
in aiming for all-year round facilities , the cost of , say , £100,000 per acre and for a controlled environment , will [create/make] income sufficient to pay for about 16,000 new covered acres a year — the equivalent of 100 golf courses or pony-trekking courses .

An education which does justice to feminist priorities is not merely a matter of curriculum innovation and change although when women begin to rewrite the history and culture of societies in ways which include the diversity of women 's experiences , and when women generate their own knowledge and become their own teachers — the consequences can be challenging to men 's view of the world and their view of women .
an education which does justice to feminist priorities is not merely a matter of curriculum innovation and change although when women begin to rewrite the history and culture of societies in ways which include the diversity of women 's experiences , and when women [create/make] their own knowledge and become their own teachers — the consequences can be challenging to men 's view of the world and their view of women .

But these analogies — murder , euthanasia — were summoned up in order to generate a remorse he did not instinctively feel .
but these analogies — murder , euthanasia — were summoned up in order to [create/make] a remorse he did not instinctively feel .

Thus a pattern mask will greatly reduce the time available for a letter detector to generate and transmit a code to the lexical output systems , but will not affect the time available to a word detector .
thus a pattern mask will greatly reduce the time available for a letter detector to [create/make] and transmit a code to the lexical output systems , but will not affect the time available to a word detector .

The model is meant to describe what operations the speaker performs upon each level of representation to generate the next level .
the model is meant to describe what operations the speaker performs upon each level of representation to [create/make] the next level .

’ It was one of those plungers that generate the electric spark for setting off blasting charges .
’ it was one of those plungers that [create/make] the electric spark for setting off blasting charges .

This would generate the following entry :
this would [create/make] the following entry :

Single-year goods are matched with the revenues that they generate .
single-year goods are matched with the revenues that they [create/make] .

Therefore , in any year , they may be expensed ( when they have generated revenues ) or they may be stored in the balance sheet ( for example , as closing stock , when they have yet to generate revenues ) .
therefore , in any year , they may be expensed ( when they have generated revenues ) or they may be stored in the balance sheet ( for example , as closing stock , when they have yet to [create/make] revenues ) .

The power one can generate in karate is best exemplified by the way adepts smash their limbs through concrete , wood and various other materials .
the power one can [create/make] in karate is best exemplified by the way adepts smash their limbs through concrete , wood and various other materials .

The Soviet contention that military bases in the Third World could generate dangerous East-West tensions was forcibly and unexpectedly underlined by the crisis initiated by Soviet attempts to establish a nuclear missile base on Cuban soil in 1962 .
the soviet contention that military bases in the third world could [create/make] dangerous east-west tensions was forcibly and unexpectedly underlined by the crisis initiated by soviet attempts to establish a nuclear missile base on cuban soil in 1962 .

‘ Around you , even a snowman would generate heat .
‘ around you , even a snowman would [create/make] heat .

This results in a gentle down-wave drift of water , which can lead to the accumulation of water along the coast and so help to generate rip and longshore currents .
this results in a gentle down-wave drift of water , which can lead to the accumulation of water along the coast and so help to [create/make] rip and longshore currents .

As was suggested earlier , competition may generate new ideas , stimulate and channel energies , set standards for others to follow .
as was suggested earlier , competition may [create/make] new ideas , stimulate and channel energies , set standards for others to follow .

Techniques such as ‘ brain storming ’ and ‘ lateral thinking ’ can be used to generate such alternatives ( see Mullins , 1989 , Ch .
techniques such as ‘ brain storming ’ and ‘ lateral thinking ’ can be used to [create/make] such alternatives ( see mullins , 1989 , ch .

Similarly , administrators may not have the open-mindedness , breadth of imagination , intellectual or organisational resources , or the time to generate the full range of alternative courses of action and assess their implications .
similarly , administrators may not have the open-mindedness , breadth of imagination , intellectual or organisational resources , or the time to [create/make] the full range of alternative courses of action and assess their implications .

As we indicated above , the rational model may generate untried solutions .
as we indicated above , the rational model may [create/make] untried solutions .

The environment will generate demands which could be met by the increment in the budget without challenging the existing budget thus leaving existing programmes of expenditure untouched .
the environment will [create/make] demands which could be met by the increment in the budget without challenging the existing budget thus leaving existing programmes of expenditure untouched .

If we use the art of repetition and change , this small idea can then grow and help make all the music , or at least enough of it to generate a formal logic , a compelling emotional experience for those who listen .
if we use the art of repetition and change , this small idea can then grow and help make all the music , or at least enough of it to [create/make] a formal logic , a compelling emotional experience for those who listen .

By their very nature modular courses generate large amounts of quantified or easily quantifiable data .
by their very nature modular courses [create/make] large amounts of quantified or easily quantifiable data .

Postcards are labour-intensive , difficult to maintain and staff may find them intensely irritating to serve to customers , but to be able to generate over 20 % of total sales from less than 10 % of floor space , gives a turnover per square foot that most of us can only dream of .
postcards are labour-intensive , difficult to maintain and staff may find them intensely irritating to serve to customers , but to be able to [create/make] over 20 % of total sales from less than 10 % of floor space , gives a turnover per square foot that most of us can only dream of .

We now stock upwards of 300 titles , admittedly mostly between September and December , but they can generate very significant sales at a crucial time of year — and none of us can afford to ignore a product range that has increased in sales by some 300 % in the last three years .
we now stock upwards of 300 titles , admittedly mostly between september and december , but they can [create/make] very significant sales at a crucial time of year — and none of us can afford to ignore a product range that has increased in sales by some 300 % in the last three years .

Tidal forces can also heat a body , because the movement of a tidal wave through a body means that the material of the body is being flexed , and this will generate heat .
tidal forces can also heat a body , because the movement of a tidal wave through a body means that the material of the body is being flexed , and this will [create/make] heat .

Most seismic sources in the Earth lie no deeper than about 100 km and generate much more seismic energy than all the lunar sources put together .
most seismic sources in the earth lie no deeper than about 100 km and [create/make] much more seismic energy than all the lunar sources put together .

These currents generate their own magnetic field which can be distinguished from the various other fields .
these currents [create/make] their own magnetic field which can be distinguished from the various other fields .

The impact will also generate brecchias ( bretchi-ars ) .
the impact will also [create/make] brecchias ( bretchi-ars ) .

But the industry itself can generate change .
but the industry itself can [create/make] change .

On the question of cost it is estimated 4 that the cost of providing an efficient workspace is around £12P/m.sq. per annum whereas the same workspace has to generate revenue in the region of £2000 to £4000 per annum .
on the question of cost it is estimated 4 that the cost of providing an efficient workspace is around £12p/m.sq. per annum whereas the same workspace has to [create/make] revenue in the region of £2000 to £4000 per annum .

Bob said : ‘ We have to generate enough income to pay for our able-bodied staff , our overheads and have enough left over to contribute to the cost of employing disabled people .
bob said : ‘ we have to [create/make] enough income to pay for our able-bodied staff , our overheads and have enough left over to contribute to the cost of employing disabled people .

It is believed that the initiatives could generate a 10% reduction in casualties by the year 2000 within this age group .
it is believed that the initiatives could [create/make] a 10% reduction in casualties by the year 2000 within this age group .

It is believed that the initiatives could generate a 10% reduction in casualties by the year 2000 within this age group .
it is believed that the initiatives could [create/make] a 10% reduction in casualties by the year 2000 within this age group .

It is believed that the initiatives could generate a 5% reduction in casualties by the year 2000 within this age group .
it is believed that the initiatives could [create/make] a 5% reduction in casualties by the year 2000 within this age group .

It is believed that the above initiatives could generate a 2.5% reduction in casualties by the year 2000 within this age group .
it is believed that the above initiatives could [create/make] a 2.5% reduction in casualties by the year 2000 within this age group .

It is believed that they could generate a 2.5% reduction in casualties by the year 2000 within this age group .
it is believed that they could [create/make] a 2.5% reduction in casualties by the year 2000 within this age group .

Together , it is believed , that by the year 2000 these initiatives could generate a 5% reduction in casualties in this category .
together , it is believed , that by the year 2000 these initiatives could [create/make] a 5% reduction in casualties in this category .

Update the analysis of accident and school roll data to generate new action areas for future year programmes .
update the analysis of accident and school roll data to [create/make] new action areas for future year programmes .

It is believed that the initiatives could generate a 15 % reduction in journey to/from school casualties by the year 2000 and that an equivalent reduction of other casualties will be achieved .
it is believed that the initiatives could [create/make] a 15 % reduction in journey to/from school casualties by the year 2000 and that an equivalent reduction of other casualties will be achieved .

Generate additional funding and resources for the road safety initiatives contained in the Road Safety Plan .
[create/make] additional funding and resources for the road safety initiatives contained in the road safety plan .

Our goal is to generate growing shareholder value by prudent investment , tight control of costs and streamlined management of our business .
our goal is to [create/make] growing shareholder value by prudent investment , tight control of costs and streamlined management of our business .

As a result of innovation companies can grow faster , capture market share , be earlier to market with new products , generate more profit for re-investment , and beat the competition .
as a result of innovation companies can grow faster , capture market share , be earlier to market with new products , [create/make] more profit for re-investment , and beat the competition .

Thus , the study concluded , on the one hand a number of the best practice companies relied on technology ( existing and new ) to generate a stream of new ideas , while on the other less successful companies could improve their position significantly by upgrading their technological competence , and by forging links with other companies and academia possibly with the help of government support schemes .
thus , the study concluded , on the one hand a number of the best practice companies relied on technology ( existing and new ) to [create/make] a stream of new ideas , while on the other less successful companies could improve their position significantly by upgrading their technological competence , and by forging links with other companies and academia possibly with the help of government support schemes .

Shortly after 7.00 we should show selections from the videos , which we hope will generate some discussion .
shortly after 7.00 we should show selections from the videos , which we hope will [create/make] some discussion .

Overall , British Coal has argued its operations generate some £30 million of wages annually in South Wales , produces cheap coal , and , once its work is complete , ensures the local community is provided with environmental benefits .
overall , british coal has argued its operations [create/make] some £30 million of wages annually in south wales , produces cheap coal , and , once its work is complete , ensures the local community is provided with environmental benefits .

‘ Our overall objective , of course , is to generate profits and value for our shareholders and maintain a thriving business which will continue to offer challenging and satisfying employment prospects for all our staff . ’
‘ our overall objective , of course , is to [create/make] profits and value for our shareholders and maintain a thriving business which will continue to offer challenging and satisfying employment prospects for all our staff . ’

‘ Our objective is to generate profit and value for our shareholders , and create a thriving business with challenges and satisfying employment prospects for our staff . ’
‘ our objective is to [create/make] profit and value for our shareholders , and create a thriving business with challenges and satisfying employment prospects for our staff . ’

The plant would use integrated gasification combined cycle technology to generate electricity at a relatively low cost while cutting back on emissions of sulphur dioxide pollutants … This might be a way forward for coal power , which is currently losing out to gas both on the pollution and cost fronts .
the plant would use integrated gasification combined cycle technology to [create/make] electricity at a relatively low cost while cutting back on emissions of sulphur dioxide pollutants … this might be a way forward for coal power , which is currently losing out to gas both on the pollution and cost fronts .

At present , gas is up to one-third cheaper to generate .
at present , gas is up to one-third cheaper to [create/make] .

The Department of Energy has dropped schemes to generate electricity for south-west England from `` hot rocks `` on grounds of cost .
the department of energy has dropped schemes to [create/make] electricity for south-west england from `` hot rocks `` on grounds of cost .

It had already invested £33 million in drilling projects to assess the feasibility of pumping cold water four miles below the surface into fractured hot rock and drawing it up sufficiently heated to generate power .
it had already invested £33 million in drilling projects to assess the feasibility of pumping cold water four miles below the surface into fractured hot rock and drawing it up sufficiently heated to [create/make] power .

Simply pouring the beer out from a can did not generate the force needed to initiate the gas break-out that creates the head .
simply pouring the beer out from a can did not [create/make] the force needed to initiate the gas break-out that creates the head .

Together , they will generate approximately 1,000 megawatts of power — providing about 10 per cent of the country 's electricity needs , enough in itself to supply a city the size of Amsterdam .
together , they will [create/make] approximately 1,000 megawatts of power — providing about 10 per cent of the country 's electricity needs , enough in itself to supply a city the size of amsterdam .

The Dutch Energy Research Centre is carrying out tests on more powerful windmills , including one that can generate a record 1.3 megawatts .
the dutch energy research centre is carrying out tests on more powerful windmills , including one that can [create/make] a record 1.3 megawatts .

Construction work on the reactor , which had been intended to generate electricity both for domestic use and for sale to Belgium and the Netherlands , had commenced in 1972 , and it had been due to start operating in 1979 .
construction work on the reactor , which had been intended to [create/make] electricity both for domestic use and for sale to belgium and the netherlands , had commenced in 1972 , and it had been due to start operating in 1979 .

It is possible , in response to these apparent counter-examples to a context-independent notion of linguistic competence , simply to retreat : the rules can be left unconstrained and allowed to generate unacceptable sentences , and a performance theory of pragmatics assigned the job of filtering out the acceptable sentences .
it is possible , in response to these apparent counter-examples to a context-independent notion of linguistic competence , simply to retreat : the rules can be left unconstrained and allowed to [create/make] unacceptable sentences , and a performance theory of pragmatics assigned the job of filtering out the acceptable sentences .

Finally , the principles that generate implicatures have a very general explanatory power : a few basic principles provide explanations for a large array of apparently unrelated facts .
finally , the principles that [create/make] implicatures have a very general explanatory power : a few basic principles provide explanations for a large array of apparently unrelated facts .

However , the reason for linguistic interest in the maxims is that they generate inferences beyond the semantic content of the sentences uttered .
however , the reason for linguistic interest in the maxims is that they [create/make] inferences beyond the semantic content of the sentences uttered .

The Forestry Commission expressed the hope that the study would generate wide debate but stressed that it had no competence to formulate overall forestry policy , which was a matter for the government .
the forestry commission expressed the hope that the study would [create/make] wide debate but stressed that it had no competence to formulate overall forestry policy , which was a matter for the government .

According to Ibanez , five years of experimentation show that his artificial trees , when planted in adequate numbers , cool ground temperatures enough to generate rain .
according to ibanez , five years of experimentation show that his artificial trees , when planted in adequate numbers , cool ground temperatures enough to [create/make] rain .

Their main concern is in divulging the sorts of fuel that they use to generate power .
their main concern is in divulging the sorts of fuel that they use to [create/make] power .

The report also criticized the department for refusing to accept that new roads generate more traffic .
the report also criticized the department for refusing to accept that new roads [create/make] more traffic .

Plans have been unveiled for a £30 million project which will turn an out-of-action , uneconomic incinerator into a high technology plant which will make a profit from using rubbish to generate electricity .
plans have been unveiled for a £30 million project which will turn an out-of-action , uneconomic incinerator into a high technology plant which will make a profit from using rubbish to [create/make] electricity .

Language in Popular Fiction is , on the whole , an interesting and enjoyable book in which Nash demonstrates that popular literary readings and linguistic stylistic examination of ( fictional ) discourse can weld together and generate an informative — and most entertaining — discussion of the characters and themes of popular fiction .
language in popular fiction is , on the whole , an interesting and enjoyable book in which nash demonstrates that popular literary readings and linguistic stylistic examination of ( fictional ) discourse can weld together and [create/make] an informative — and most entertaining — discussion of the characters and themes of popular fiction .

The definition also removes the present reference to expectation and with it the possible argument that goods which are generally of low quality generate low expectations .
the definition also removes the present reference to expectation and with it the possible argument that goods which are generally of low quality [create/make] low expectations .

In addition , letters sent out generate reminders or other documents and in this way the whole case is driven forward .
in addition , letters sent out [create/make] reminders or other documents and in this way the whole case is driven forward .

Often a race against time , such programs can generate much excitement .
often a race against time , such programs can [create/make] much excitement .

To try and generate some more interest in aviation we looked into starting a project that was relevant to the area and after a lot of research we came up with a Flying Flea .
to try and [create/make] some more interest in aviation we looked into starting a project that was relevant to the area and after a lot of research we came up with a flying flea .

On completion the project would go on display at Burns garage for a while and then be used to try and generate more interest in aviation in the area .
on completion the project would go on display at burns garage for a while and then be used to try and [create/make] more interest in aviation in the area .

Plans for the completed Flea are to use it to generate as much interest as possible , through the local papers and when it is first on display at the Burns garage .
plans for the completed flea are to use it to [create/make] as much interest as possible , through the local papers and when it is first on display at the burns garage .

From three years onwards , children can experience a fear of injury , and illness and accidents may generate excessive anxiety ( Wolff , 1983a ) .
from three years onwards , children can experience a fear of injury , and illness and accidents may [create/make] excessive anxiety ( wolff , 1983a ) .

They compared groups of virgins , non-contraceptors , contraceptors and pregnant girls on their ability to anticipate the consequences of actions , to generate solutions and plan steps to implement them , in a variety of hypothetical problems unrelated to contraception .
they compared groups of virgins , non-contraceptors , contraceptors and pregnant girls on their ability to anticipate the consequences of actions , to [create/make] solutions and plan steps to implement them , in a variety of hypothetical problems unrelated to contraception .

To generate this distribution of viscous stress , the mean velocity profile must rise steeply at the wall and then become comparatively flat .
to [create/make] this distribution of viscous stress , the mean velocity profile must rise steeply at the wall and then become comparatively flat .

These may generate rolls perpendicular to the original ones and of smaller wavelength , producing a rectangular pattern like that in Fig .
these may [create/make] rolls perpendicular to the original ones and of smaller wavelength , producing a rectangular pattern like that in fig .

How is it that the tropics generate , or at least harbour , so many species and how is it that these can coexist ?
how is it that the tropics [create/make] , or at least harbour , so many species and how is it that these can coexist ?

If overall losses are estimated at 1000 kg per ha per year , then the 20–25 million ha under shifting cultivation or permanent conversion from forest to other uses , generate more than the total nitrogen delivered by rivers to the oceans .
if overall losses are estimated at 1000 kg per ha per year , then the 20–25 million ha under shifting cultivation or permanent conversion from forest to other uses , [create/make] more than the total nitrogen delivered by rivers to the oceans .

Where there is no element of convergent or divergent movement along a strike-slip fault it may generate no significant landforms .
where there is no element of convergent or divergent movement along a strike-slip fault it may [create/make] no significant landforms .

Displaced terranes are starting to generate a significant literature and this has been reviewed by Howell ( 1985 ) and Schermer et al .
displaced terranes are starting to [create/make] a significant literature and this has been reviewed by howell ( 1985 ) and schermer et al .

In plate interiors horizontal plate movements play a less direct role in creating landforms and it is the processes which generate the broad warping and vertical movements of the crust , that is , the mechanisms of epeirogeny , that are of most concern .
in plate interiors horizontal plate movements play a less direct role in creating landforms and it is the processes which [create/make] the broad warping and vertical movements of the crust , that is , the mechanisms of epeirogeny , that are of most concern .

As with the active rifting model this effect could generate uplift of the margin , even during its mature phase when other mechanisms are largely inoperative .
as with the active rifting model this effect could [create/make] uplift of the margin , even during its mature phase when other mechanisms are largely inoperative .

Volcanic eruptions invariably generate pyroclasts of a range of sizes .
volcanic eruptions invariably [create/make] pyroclasts of a range of sizes .

As a result of their great mobility pyroclastic flows can generate pyroclastic flow deposits , or ignimbrites , which cover a large area .
as a result of their great mobility pyroclastic flows can [create/make] pyroclastic flow deposits , or ignimbrites , which cover a large area .

Thus , in addition to forming shield volcanoes and domes , basaltic lavas erupting from an extensive regional system of fissures can generate flood basalts and create massive basalt plateaus .
thus , in addition to forming shield volcanoes and domes , basaltic lavas erupting from an extensive regional system of fissures can [create/make] flood basalts and create massive basalt plateaus .

Such suggestions might be seen , of course , as an attempt to shoehorn information technology into old fashioned structures , and information scientists may well generate more appropriate solutions to the archival challenge .
such suggestions might be seen , of course , as an attempt to shoehorn information technology into old fashioned structures , and information scientists may well [create/make] more appropriate solutions to the archival challenge .

, as in their unusual capacity to generate agricultural surpluses for the market .
, as in their unusual capacity to [create/make] agricultural surpluses for the market .

There are two broad categories : ( 1 ) where the object is to generate more work by some system of cross-referral in particular fields , though such arrangements are difficult to sustain over a long period if member firms wish to retain their independence and separate profitability .
there are two broad categories : ( 1 ) where the object is to [create/make] more work by some system of cross-referral in particular fields , though such arrangements are difficult to sustain over a long period if member firms wish to retain their independence and separate profitability .

Future cash flow is critical , and the due diligence investigations are designed to address the ability of the new venture to generate cash .
future cash flow is critical , and the due diligence investigations are designed to address the ability of the new venture to [create/make] cash .

If the sale of Target will generate an allowable loss there may need to be an intra-group transfer of beneficial ownership of Target before the management buy-out , so that the loss can be utilised by a group company which will , in the same accounting period , realise gains from the the disposal of other assets .
if the sale of target will [create/make] an allowable loss there may need to be an intra-group transfer of beneficial ownership of target before the management buy-out , so that the loss can be utilised by a group company which will , in the same accounting period , realise gains from the the disposal of other assets .

Warranties that would normally be required by a purchaser relate to accounts , events since the balance-sheet date , litigation , insurance , employees , intellectual property and the ability of Target to generate future cash flow and profits and protect the goodwill .
warranties that would normally be required by a purchaser relate to accounts , events since the balance-sheet date , litigation , insurance , employees , intellectual property and the ability of target to [create/make] future cash flow and profits and protect the goodwill .

They will also generate 50,000 new vehicle journeys a day , adding to pollution and local traffic congestion .
they will also [create/make] 50,000 new vehicle journeys a day , adding to pollution and local traffic congestion .

The principal taxes are : 30 Swedish krone ( £3 ) on every kilogram of sulphur in coal ; 0.25 krone per kilogram on carbon dioxide emitted in fossil fuels ; and , as from January 1992 , 40 krone on every kilogram of nitrogen oxides emitted from electricity and gas turbines used to generate heat and power .
the principal taxes are : 30 swedish krone ( £3 ) on every kilogram of sulphur in coal ; 0.25 krone per kilogram on carbon dioxide emitted in fossil fuels ; and , as from january 1992 , 40 krone on every kilogram of nitrogen oxides emitted from electricity and gas turbines used to [create/make] heat and power .

Now the Jordan is to be diverted to reflood the swamplands , creating potential for tourism to generate income for local farming communities .
now the jordan is to be diverted to reflood the swamplands , creating potential for tourism to [create/make] income for local farming communities .

FoE makes a direct link between the destruction of the rainforests and the adoption by Third World countries , at the prompting of international financial institutions , of policies designed to generate export earnings with which to repay their debts . ``
foe makes a direct link between the destruction of the rainforests and the adoption by third world countries , at the prompting of international financial institutions , of policies designed to [create/make] export earnings with which to repay their debts . ``

It will have 22 37-metre diameter wind turbines on 30-metre towers and generate enough electricity to supply 7,000 homes .
it will have 22 37-metre diameter wind turbines on 30-metre towers and [create/make] enough electricity to supply 7,000 homes .

The British government 's programme for the development of renewable energy has been massively oversubscribed , with developers submitting applications for projects which would generate electricity well in excess of the government 's target .
the british government 's programme for the development of renewable energy has been massively oversubscribed , with developers submitting applications for projects which would [create/make] electricity well in excess of the government 's target .

But the applications for 42 wind farms alone would produce around 115 megawatts , and one proposed waste-incineration scheme would generate 96 megawatts .
but the applications for 42 wind farms alone would produce around 115 megawatts , and one proposed waste-incineration scheme would [create/make] 96 megawatts .

The Department of Energy has been under pressure to expand its efforts on renewable energy after a report by departmental advisers concluded that Britain could generate half its electricity from natural sources within 20 years , a point also made by several environmental groups .
the department of energy has been under pressure to expand its efforts on renewable energy after a report by departmental advisers concluded that britain could [create/make] half its electricity from natural sources within 20 years , a point also made by several environmental groups .

According to an engineer involved in the project , the resulting rotting vegetation will `` not only generate methane , but also hydrogen sulphide , ammonia and carbon dioxide `` .
according to an engineer involved in the project , the resulting rotting vegetation will `` not only [create/make] methane , but also hydrogen sulphide , ammonia and carbon dioxide `` .

Household waste should be incinerated to generate electricity and provide heat , rather than be dumped in landfill sites , argues a report by Britain 's Royal Commission on Environmental Pollution .
household waste should be incinerated to [create/make] electricity and provide heat , rather than be dumped in landfill sites , argues a report by britain 's royal commission on environmental pollution .

The tiny plants consume carbon dioxide during photosynthesis but also generate gas as they lay down their skeletons .
the tiny plants consume carbon dioxide during photosynthesis but also [create/make] gas as they lay down their skeletons .

Options outlined in the document include introducing a carbon tax on fossil fuels , increasing petrol prices , introducing road pricing in town centres , promoting energy efficiency , and forcing electricity suppliers to generate a proportion of energy from renewable sources .
options outlined in the document include introducing a carbon tax on fossil fuels , increasing petrol prices , introducing road pricing in town centres , promoting energy efficiency , and forcing electricity suppliers to [create/make] a proportion of energy from renewable sources .

Under the new proposals , unveiled by Environment Commissioner Karel van Miert , 60 per cent of all packaging waste would have to be recycled , and a further 30 per cent re-used as compost or burnt to generate energy .
under the new proposals , unveiled by environment commissioner karel van miert , 60 per cent of all packaging waste would have to be recycled , and a further 30 per cent re-used as compost or burnt to [create/make] energy .

Unemployment may generate a sense of political alienation .
unemployment may [create/make] a sense of political alienation .

Others have sought to generate criteria by which to assess the distinctive features of a political culture .
others have sought to [create/make] criteria by which to assess the distinctive features of a political culture .

Italy and France have been cited as examples of political cultures that generate alienation and a large measure of apathy .
italy and france have been cited as examples of political cultures that [create/make] alienation and a large measure of apathy .

The tendency of government to wish to avoid conflict has resulted in political inertia , government being unwilling to pursue policies that would generate sustained opposition from well-entrenched groups .
the tendency of government to wish to avoid conflict has resulted in political inertia , government being unwilling to pursue policies that would [create/make] sustained opposition from well-entrenched groups .

To generate a biological molecule like haemoglobin , the red pigment in blood , by simple sieving would be equivalent to taking all the amino-acid building blocks of haemoglobin , jumbling them up at random , and hoping that the haemoglobin molecule would reconstitute itself by sheer luck .
to [create/make] a biological molecule like haemoglobin , the red pigment in blood , by simple sieving would be equivalent to taking all the amino-acid building blocks of haemoglobin , jumbling them up at random , and hoping that the haemoglobin molecule would reconstitute itself by sheer luck .

It shows us the power of cumulative selection to generate an almost endless variety of quasi-biological form , but it uses artificial selection , not natural selection .
it shows us the power of cumulative selection to [create/make] an almost endless variety of quasi-biological form , but it uses artificial selection , not natural selection .

This uneven set of responses reflects the tension between the need for union negotiators to defend their members ' interests against perceived threats and their ability to generate and implement a long term strategy .
this uneven set of responses reflects the tension between the need for union negotiators to defend their members ' interests against perceived threats and their ability to [create/make] and implement a long term strategy .

Group 6 , then , took `` finally `` to mean precisely that , yet the other five groups were dissatisfied with the sense of incompleteness which final ( h ) would generate .
group 6 , then , took `` finally `` to mean precisely that , yet the other five groups were dissatisfied with the sense of incompleteness which final ( h ) would [create/make] .

Nearby a huge waterwheel has been developed to generate power for a special lift for less able visitors , providing access to the top of the falls .
nearby a huge waterwheel has been developed to [create/make] power for a special lift for less able visitors , providing access to the top of the falls .

The jaw muscles turn out to have been placed to generate the most powerful bite possible , especially when Diatryma brought into play the powerful downwards hingeing action of the upper beak on the skull .
the jaw muscles turn out to have been placed to [create/make] the most powerful bite possible , especially when diatryma brought into play the powerful downwards hingeing action of the upper beak on the skull .

Life was relatively simple when all a politician had to do was generate a bit more economic growth and hope that enough of it would ‘ trickle down ’ to keep the wheels turning both nationally and internationally .
life was relatively simple when all a politician had to do was [create/make] a bit more economic growth and hope that enough of it would ‘ trickle down ’ to keep the wheels turning both nationally and internationally .

They generate electricity within their bodies .
they [create/make] electricity within their bodies .

The fish have modified muscles in their flanks which generate and transmit these electric discharges .
the fish have modified muscles in their flanks which [create/make] and transmit these electric discharges .

An actively functioning organisation tends to generate its own dynamism so that it may eventually follow procedures and enter into transactions far removed from those envisaged by the treaty .
an actively functioning organisation tends to [create/make] its own dynamism so that it may eventually follow procedures and enter into transactions far removed from those envisaged by the treaty .

The same console will enable the teacher to retrieve data or generate more meaningful reports almost instantaneously .
the same console will enable the teacher to retrieve data or [create/make] more meaningful reports almost instantaneously .

Entertainment does not generate belief but merely facilitates the relationship .
entertainment does not [create/make] belief but merely facilitates the relationship .

By the 1960s , English literature could no longer simply be relied upon to spontaneously generate within students a sense of its self-evident value .
by the 1960s , english literature could no longer simply be relied upon to spontaneously [create/make] within students a sense of its self-evident value .

The government regulates a great many aspects of economic and social life to a greater or lesser extent , but some areas of regulatory activity generate much more judicial activity than others .
the government regulates a great many aspects of economic and social life to a greater or lesser extent , but some areas of regulatory activity [create/make] much more judicial activity than others .

Land use planning decisions also generate a considerable volume of litigation , once again partly because of the value of what is at stake and partly because of dissatisfaction with the system of planning appeals .
land use planning decisions also [create/make] a considerable volume of litigation , once again partly because of the value of what is at stake and partly because of dissatisfaction with the system of planning appeals .

Although these differences of terminology amount to more than semantic predilections , for they support — perhaps even generate — rival conceptions of the limits of contractual obligations , the generic idea remains a special exercise of choice by an individual , through which he deliberately incurs a binding legal responsibility .
although these differences of terminology amount to more than semantic predilections , for they support — perhaps even [create/make] — rival conceptions of the limits of contractual obligations , the generic idea remains a special exercise of choice by an individual , through which he deliberately incurs a binding legal responsibility .

Furthermore , by refusing to generate obligations outside exchange relations , it favours uninhibited development of the forces of production without regard to the social costs imposed by injuries to third parties , pollution , health care and unemployment .
furthermore , by refusing to [create/make] obligations outside exchange relations , it favours uninhibited development of the forces of production without regard to the social costs imposed by injuries to third parties , pollution , health care and unemployment .

These are thoughts that exaggerate and misinterpret the significance of symptoms and generate further physiological arousal and anxiety .
these are thoughts that exaggerate and misinterpret the significance of symptoms and [create/make] further physiological arousal and anxiety .

In Hollywood , McDevitt , a would-be screenwriter , had been trying to generate interest in a film script about two thieves who hide stolen works of art in a cave in Germany .
in hollywood , mcdevitt , a would-be screenwriter , had been trying to [create/make] interest in a film script about two thieves who hide stolen works of art in a cave in germany .

Start by making a list of the areas in which you think you might be able to generate coverage over a three-month period .
start by making a list of the areas in which you think you might be able to [create/make] coverage over a three-month period .

1 List areas which are likely to generate coverage during a set period .
1 list areas which are likely to [create/make] coverage during a set period .

6 Make a list of material which could generate ongoing coverage over a three- or six-month period and work out a plan for offering both general releases and specific feature material .
6 make a list of material which could [create/make] ongoing coverage over a three- or six-month period and work out a plan for offering both general releases and specific feature material .

Brain-storming comes with practice and simply helps to generate ideas .
brain-storming comes with practice and simply helps to [create/make] ideas .

In particular they demonstrate how definitions can be used to generate word-relation-word triples that are then used as data to build the lexicon .
in particular they demonstrate how definitions can be used to [create/make] word-relation-word triples that are then used as data to build the lexicon .

Using a technique known as symbol recirculation , Dyer shows that distributed symbol representations can be learned through recurrent networks that will generate expectations concerning words that will occur next in tasks such as script-learning and comprehension .
using a technique known as symbol recirculation , dyer shows that distributed symbol representations can be learned through recurrent networks that will [create/make] expectations concerning words that will occur next in tasks such as script-learning and comprehension .

It is then necessary to market it , through lectures , seminars , and meetings with governments , business interests , and lawyers , in order to generate a groundswell of support which will help to ensure ratification .
it is then necessary to market it , through lectures , seminars , and meetings with governments , business interests , and lawyers , in order to [create/make] a groundswell of support which will help to ensure ratification .

Alliances provide the mix of scale and flexibility needed to generate sufficient revenues for next-generation product development .
alliances provide the mix of scale and flexibility needed to [create/make] sufficient revenues for next-generation product development .

These assumptions about what literacy ‘ really ’ is generate misleading representations of the political and ideological nature of Melanesian responses to colonialism .
these assumptions about what literacy ‘ really ’ is [create/make] misleading representations of the political and ideological nature of melanesian responses to colonialism .

Literacy , too , has the potential to generate logic and scepticism — but not literacy in general , only that form of it which developed in classical Greece .
literacy , too , has the potential to [create/make] logic and scepticism — but not literacy in general , only that form of it which developed in classical greece .

‘ We want to generate a market from practitioners who see some value in going somewhere to learn something , ’ says John Warwick .
‘ we want to [create/make] a market from practitioners who see some value in going somewhere to learn something , ’ says john warwick .

It is obvious that for any group of companies to grow , a good balance is required between those which continually need cash injections to stay in business ( the capital-intensive type of enterprise which is typical of much of the chemical industry ) and those which can generate very high profits and throw off cash when things are going well .
it is obvious that for any group of companies to grow , a good balance is required between those which continually need cash injections to stay in business ( the capital-intensive type of enterprise which is typical of much of the chemical industry ) and those which can [create/make] very high profits and throw off cash when things are going well .

enter the reference number on to the Problem Report Form which the computer system will generate , in order to identify the problem report uniquely
enter the reference number on to the problem report form which the computer system will [create/make] , in order to identify the problem report uniquely

These generate paper traces that show additional features not obvious on auscultation , including the degree of variation of the heart rate and the shape of accelerations and decelerations of the heart rate .
these [create/make] paper traces that show additional features not obvious on auscultation , including the degree of variation of the heart rate and the shape of accelerations and decelerations of the heart rate .

Constant scientific , technological , political , and social changes generate a stream of new vocabulary and alter the way in which existing words are used .
constant scientific , technological , political , and social changes [create/make] a stream of new vocabulary and alter the way in which existing words are used .

The manipulation of this machine-readable material so as to generate a number of products .
the manipulation of this machine-readable material so as to [create/make] a number of products .

By ‘ brainstorming ’ , groups can generate far more and better ideas than individuals working on their own .
by ‘ brainstorming ’ , groups can [create/make] far more and better ideas than individuals working on their own .

Groups can generate more information on a problem .
groups can [create/make] more information on a problem .

Members should ‘ hitch hike ’ their ideas on to the ideas of others to generate new ideas .
members should ‘ hitch hike ’ their ideas on to the ideas of others to [create/make] new ideas .

But the alliance between State and serf-owners was too close to generate formal dialogue let alone confrontation between them .
but the alliance between state and serf-owners was too close to [create/make] formal dialogue let alone confrontation between them .

Over the past decade , lasers able to generate ultra-short pulses have moved out of the laser physicist 's laboratory and onto the chemist 's bench .
over the past decade , lasers able to [create/make] ultra-short pulses have moved out of the laser physicist 's laboratory and onto the chemist 's bench .

In British Airways staff and their representatives were offered the opportunity to help generate ideas , and this resulted in very imaginative ways of reducing the cost of employing people without necessarily making them redundant or reducing their income .
in british airways staff and their representatives were offered the opportunity to help [create/make] ideas , and this resulted in very imaginative ways of reducing the cost of employing people without necessarily making them redundant or reducing their income .

First , they should have significant input/output linkages so primary energy sectors for example , would lower fuel costs across the economy , and steel expansion would generate external economies in shipbuilding or motor vehicles .
first , they should have significant input/output linkages so primary energy sectors for example , would lower fuel costs across the economy , and steel expansion would [create/make] external economies in shipbuilding or motor vehicles .

It should be possible to generate lists consisting of subsets of elements that are unambiguously defined in the text e.g .
it should be possible to [create/make] lists consisting of subsets of elements that are unambiguously defined in the text e.g .

For final output the system must be able to calculate the number of lines and pages that a section of text will make , generate running heads and feet , and provide for the complete hyphenation , justification , and page make-up of the text .
for final output the system must be able to calculate the number of lines and pages that a section of text will make , [create/make] running heads and feet , and provide for the complete hyphenation , justification , and page make-up of the text .

The Computer Group directly controls the virtual machine environments for the Working-Set , and for the Main Database whenever this is being used to generate cross-reference reports .
the computer group directly controls the virtual machine environments for the working-set , and for the main database whenever this is being used to [create/make] cross-reference reports .

For example , suppose you are clear that you are trying : — to introduce teachers of English in secondary schools to the microcomputer and show them its potential as an aid to their teaching objectives , and — to produce a teaching unit that will generate a great deal of hypothesising and discussion amongst the children .
for example , suppose you are clear that you are trying : — to introduce teachers of english in secondary schools to the microcomputer and show them its potential as an aid to their teaching objectives , and — to produce a teaching unit that will [create/make] a great deal of hypothesising and discussion amongst the children .

We believe that the computer 's ability to generate quasi-random numbers is educationally most important .
we believe that the computer 's ability to [create/make] quasi-random numbers is educationally most important .

Using randomization , it is possible to generate many examples of a similar nature that , if required , can also be self-grading against pupil performance .
using randomization , it is possible to [create/make] many examples of a similar nature that , if required , can also be self-grading against pupil performance .

An advantage of this technique is that the teacher can decide while using the program what level of exercises to generate — the computer program offers a great deal more flexibility in this respect than an ordinary textbook .
an advantage of this technique is that the teacher can decide while using the program what level of exercises to [create/make] — the computer program offers a great deal more flexibility in this respect than an ordinary textbook .

Excessive dealing to generate commission , known as churning , is commonplace .
excessive dealing to [create/make] commission , known as churning , is commonplace .

Cancellations cost the dealers in fines , and can generate unwelcome publicity for the licensed dealer concerned .
cancellations cost the dealers in fines , and can [create/make] unwelcome publicity for the licensed dealer concerned .

Clients would then only have to phone stockbrokers to deal , so every phone call should generate commission .
clients would then only have to phone stockbrokers to deal , so every phone call should [create/make] commission .

Estimate how difficult it would be for a compiler to generate efficient code for these three architectures .
estimate how difficult it would be for a compiler to [create/make] efficient code for these three architectures .

Learning a language , as Halliday ( 1984 ) and Hymes ( 1971 ) amongst others have pointed out , involves more than acquiring a grammatical system that will generate well-formed sentences .
learning a language , as halliday ( 1984 ) and hymes ( 1971 ) amongst others have pointed out , involves more than acquiring a grammatical system that will [create/make] well-formed sentences .

It can be argued , it must be admitted , that when we come across one of these heterophonic homographs we generate all possible pronunciations before accessing the lexicon , and select the appropriate pronunciation on the basis of the derived meaning .
it can be argued , it must be admitted , that when we come across one of these heterophonic homographs we [create/make] all possible pronunciations before accessing the lexicon , and select the appropriate pronunciation on the basis of the derived meaning .

If word recognition is completed before the context can be used to generate a prediction , then the context would not be expected to have much of an effect upon the word , and more experienced readers do appear to be less influenced by context .
if word recognition is completed before the context can be used to [create/make] a prediction , then the context would not be expected to have much of an effect upon the word , and more experienced readers do appear to be less influenced by context .

He or she has to generate both questions and answers , and in a well-organised text it is the generating of questions that is the most difficult task .
he or she has to [create/make] both questions and answers , and in a well-organised text it is the generating of questions that is the most difficult task .

In the bees and the higher Diptera only the indirect muscles of the mesothorax generate the power needed for flight ; the metathoracic indirect muscles are capable only of tonic contraction and act so as to control the amount of power transmitted from the mesothorax to the metathorax .
in the bees and the higher diptera only the indirect muscles of the mesothorax [create/make] the power needed for flight ; the metathoracic indirect muscles are capable only of tonic contraction and act so as to control the amount of power transmitted from the mesothorax to the metathorax .

In deriving more detailed criteria capable of being used , for example , to generate the required assessments , it is necessary to make use of what is known from previous research about pupils ' learning and attainment in the topic concerned .
in deriving more detailed criteria capable of being used , for example , to [create/make] the required assessments , it is necessary to make use of what is known from previous research about pupils ' learning and attainment in the topic concerned .

Only if they were parts could they generate an argument for the non-spatiality of mental events .
only if they were parts could they [create/make] an argument for the non-spatiality of mental events .

Whether the periodic day courses or the longer , residential courses , both seemed to generate a genuine fraternal feeling amongst Art teachers from a large geographical area .
whether the periodic day courses or the longer , residential courses , both seemed to [create/make] a genuine fraternal feeling amongst art teachers from a large geographical area .

He possessed the gift of being able to release in individuals their potential for being more sensitive towards the feelings of others and was able to generate a spirit of loving care : such a vital pre-requisite for creativity , personal growth and self-confidence .
he possessed the gift of being able to release in individuals their potential for being more sensitive towards the feelings of others and was able to [create/make] a spirit of loving care : such a vital pre-requisite for creativity , personal growth and self-confidence .

The main purpose of this procedure is not to initiate legislation but to generate publicity for a particular issue or to test the water to see if there is support for legislation in the future .
the main purpose of this procedure is not to initiate legislation but to [create/make] publicity for a particular issue or to test the water to see if there is support for legislation in the future .

The hindbrain and midbrain structures , normally associated with relaying sensory information to the cortex , spontaneously generate signals which are responsible for the cortical activation , and are also indistinguishable from signals which would normally have been relayed from the eyes and ears .
the hindbrain and midbrain structures , normally associated with relaying sensory information to the cortex , spontaneously [create/make] signals which are responsible for the cortical activation , and are also indistinguishable from signals which would normally have been relayed from the eyes and ears .

can therefore be used to generate sub-populations of newly arisen 16-cell embryos .
can therefore be used to [create/make] sub-populations of newly arisen 16-cell embryos .

The way words generate whole clusters of other words can come as another new and interesting idea .
the way words [create/make] whole clusters of other words can come as another new and interesting idea .

Finally , the research aims to generate insights into the initial and inservice training needs of teachers in respect of the relationship between curriculum design and the organisation of library provision . ( Proposal document )
finally , the research aims to [create/make] insights into the initial and inservice training needs of teachers in respect of the relationship between curriculum design and the organisation of library provision . ( proposal document )

Against this background this school became one of the very first to be invited to generate and submit a proposal document to the Coordinating Team .
against this background this school became one of the very first to be invited to [create/make] and submit a proposal document to the coordinating team .

( 3 ) the need for " inservice training to make people aware , generate interest , and to help people change " , particularly in relation to study skills .
( 3 ) the need for " inservice training to make people aware , [create/make] interest , and to help people change " , particularly in relation to study skills .

Escalating projected deficits in collection targets will also generate pressure for harsher penalties as the effects on services begin to be spelled out .
escalating projected deficits in collection targets will also [create/make] pressure for harsher penalties as the effects on services begin to be spelled out .

As we shall see in Chapter 2 , we can distinguish different types of social structure which systematically generate unequal distributions of power and reward .
as we shall see in chapter 2 , we can distinguish different types of social structure which systematically [create/make] unequal distributions of power and reward .

Furthermore , a stratified , hierarchically divided society may well generate conflict and antagonism among the various strata , rather that provide social integration ( which Marxist explanations recognise and rightly emphasise ) .
furthermore , a stratified , hierarchically divided society may well [create/make] conflict and antagonism among the various strata , rather that provide social integration ( which marxist explanations recognise and rightly emphasise ) .

All education has informal as well as formal content , and elite routes generate cultural capital through the ‘ social and cultural unity among those who possess superior life chances ’ ( Scott , 1982 , p. 162 ) .
all education has informal as well as formal content , and elite routes [create/make] cultural capital through the ‘ social and cultural unity among those who possess superior life chances ’ ( scott , 1982 , p. 162 ) .

Enclosure turned small or fragmented holdings and commons suitable for little more than subsistence agriculture into consolidated holdings able to support the new farming and generate capital for improvement .
enclosure turned small or fragmented holdings and commons suitable for little more than subsistence agriculture into consolidated holdings able to support the new farming and [create/make] capital for improvement .

As a result of these disadvantages , members of large cohorts are also claimed to suffer — and generate — higher crime rates and other indicators of social discontent ( Easterlin 1978 ) .
as a result of these disadvantages , members of large cohorts are also claimed to suffer — and [create/make] — higher crime rates and other indicators of social discontent ( easterlin 1978 ) .

On the one hand , the sampling process had to generate as many categories of user as possible and so account for the variations found in the known sample relating to age , sex , class , township , and so on .
on the one hand , the sampling process had to [create/make] as many categories of user as possible and so account for the variations found in the known sample relating to age , sex , class , township , and so on .

As the study of the known sector progressed , it became increasingly difficult to generate further interviews as most of those amenable to interview had already sent in positive response sheets .
as the study of the known sector progressed , it became increasingly difficult to [create/make] further interviews as most of those amenable to interview had already sent in positive response sheets .

Professor Costall has her finger on the purse-strings and is always mindful that new courses should generate income and be financially viable .
professor costall has her finger on the purse-strings and is always mindful that new courses should [create/make] income and be financially viable .

Will such businesses be sufficiently profitable to generate the interest of the private sector ?
will such businesses be sufficiently profitable to [create/make] the interest of the private sector ?

As we are beginning to see , however , these people generate their own rules for ordering their lives , they do not just exist in the middle of chaos .
as we are beginning to see , however , these people [create/make] their own rules for ordering their lives , they do not just exist in the middle of chaos .

Experiments on decerebrate rats have shown that noxious stimulation may generate reflex hyperexcitability in the dorsal horn of the spinal cord .
experiments on decerebrate rats have shown that noxious stimulation may [create/make] reflex hyperexcitability in the dorsal horn of the spinal cord .

In view of this dichotomy of opinion it is surprising that there is little , if any , objective evidence to support or refute the rather paternalistic British view that allowing patients to make a fully informed decision about their treatment would generate an unnecessary and harmful degree of anxiety .
in view of this dichotomy of opinion it is surprising that there is little , if any , objective evidence to support or refute the rather paternalistic british view that allowing patients to make a fully informed decision about their treatment would [create/make] an unnecessary and harmful degree of anxiety .

It would not be surprising , either , if this flux and change in the self were to generate a more flexible response to morality , and one that is peculiarly sensitive to the aesthetic dimension .
it would not be surprising , either , if this flux and change in the self were to [create/make] a more flexible response to morality , and one that is peculiarly sensitive to the aesthetic dimension .

It has an ageing population and social security laws which will generate a massive public expenditure burden and necessitate tax increases .
it has an ageing population and social security laws which will [create/make] a massive public expenditure burden and necessitate tax increases .

But if wives , as wives , are unable to generate a reasonable income for themselves and their children either from the state or from the labour market , then it has to be assumed that their husbands will ‘ keep ’ them .
but if wives , as wives , are unable to [create/make] a reasonable income for themselves and their children either from the state or from the labour market , then it has to be assumed that their husbands will ‘ keep ’ them .

They also responded to the king 's skilful use of propaganda to generate support for the war .
they also responded to the king 's skilful use of propaganda to [create/make] support for the war .

Newsletters were circulated giving details of campaigns , and some of these , such as those sent by Bartholomew Burghersh to the Archbishop of Canterbury in 1346 , were carefully phrased so as to generate public support for the invasion of Normandy .
newsletters were circulated giving details of campaigns , and some of these , such as those sent by bartholomew burghersh to the archbishop of canterbury in 1346 , were carefully phrased so as to [create/make] public support for the invasion of normandy .

Such questions will often generate discussion among the students generally and thus provide a useful means of stimulating their interest .
such questions will often [create/make] discussion among the students generally and thus provide a useful means of stimulating their interest .

Six new reactors began to generate electricity during 1992 , bringing the world total of nuclear power units in operation or under construction to 496 worldwide .
six new reactors began to [create/make] electricity during 1992 , bringing the world total of nuclear power units in operation or under construction to 496 worldwide .

Dialogues generate action plus more formal language .
dialogues [create/make] action plus more formal language .

The team modelled the relationship for the Sherwood reservoir so data collected during drilling could be used to automatically generate estimates of permeability .
the team modelled the relationship for the sherwood reservoir so data collected during drilling could be used to automatically [create/make] estimates of permeability .

As the rationalisation and modernisation process continues , the Group will improve its ability to generate profits commensurate with the excellence of its products and the worldwide strength of its brands .
as the rationalisation and modernisation process continues , the group will improve its ability to [create/make] profits commensurate with the excellence of its products and the worldwide strength of its brands .

Management and employees at Waterford Crystal have tried long and hard to turn around a company in severe difficulties but everyone realises that the process will not be complete until we generate an adequate return on investment .
management and employees at waterford crystal have tried long and hard to turn around a company in severe difficulties but everyone realises that the process will not be complete until we [create/make] an adequate return on investment .

The system must be understandable to users and generate their confidence .
the system must be understandable to users and [create/make] their confidence .

we encourage centres to use integrative approaches to assessment in which a single assessment instrument can generate evidence across a range of outcomes .
we encourage centres to use integrative approaches to assessment in which a single assessment instrument can [create/make] evidence across a range of outcomes .

To stay competitive on a global basis , the Group needs to generate cash to invest in manufacturing , sales and marketing activities and in data processing and systems .
to stay competitive on a global basis , the group needs to [create/make] cash to invest in manufacturing , sales and marketing activities and in data processing and systems .

Banana cockroaches , scorpions and black widows seem to generate the highest media interest , but it is undoubtedly the ticks , beetles and flies which have more significance for health and agricultural concerns .
banana cockroaches , scorpions and black widows seem to [create/make] the highest media interest , but it is undoubtedly the ticks , beetles and flies which have more significance for health and agricultural concerns .

‘ Also , increased emphasis in marketing and new product development will enhance the company 's ability to generate profits commensurate with the quality of its products and brands , ’ he said .
‘ also , increased emphasis in marketing and new product development will enhance the company 's ability to [create/make] profits commensurate with the quality of its products and brands , ’ he said .

Look , at the favourable publicity it would generate !
look , at the favourable publicity it would [create/make] !

The ability to cut down the distance signals travel by reducing the size of the computer is limited by the amount of heat the components generate ; a computer that is too small will get too hot .
the ability to cut down the distance signals travel by reducing the size of the computer is limited by the amount of heat the components [create/make] ; a computer that is too small will get too hot .

After 1999 , Aegon will be able to inject any amount of new capital and should this be approved by the voting trust — which must be likely should it wish to generate more profits through business growth for the with-profits policyholders — then the with-profits fund must match Aegon 's injections ( which must be considered unlikely given the huge resources Aegon has access to ) or see its stake in the company diluted .
after 1999 , aegon will be able to inject any amount of new capital and should this be approved by the voting trust — which must be likely should it wish to [create/make] more profits through business growth for the with-profits policyholders — then the with-profits fund must match aegon 's injections ( which must be considered unlikely given the huge resources aegon has access to ) or see its stake in the company diluted .

However , the feeling among certain firms on the scheme is that it has not done much if anything to generate business from new clients .
however , the feeling among certain firms on the scheme is that it has not done much if anything to [create/make] business from new clients .

That can generate a lot of waste .
that can [create/make] a lot of waste .

The housing proposals will generate some additional traffic but not on a scale which would cause capacity or safety problems .
the housing proposals will [create/make] some additional traffic but not on a scale which would cause capacity or safety problems .

The use of a software package such as ‘ Office Power ’ with the ability to generate on-line a standard response to correspondence would dramatically improve the response time in dealing with most enquiries from individual and ensure that a response is made within a matter of days .
the use of a software package such as ‘ office power ’ with the ability to [create/make] on-line a standard response to correspondence would dramatically improve the response time in dealing with most enquiries from individual and ensure that a response is made within a matter of days .

‘ Although these claims are true , they are rather misleading and are an attempt to generate fees by the businesses concerned , ’ says tax specialist Peter Howarth .
‘ although these claims are true , they are rather misleading and are an attempt to [create/make] fees by the businesses concerned , ’ says tax specialist peter howarth .

The department staff are engaged in a series of major field research projects which generate varied research opportunities for postgraduate students .
the department staff are engaged in a series of major field research projects which [create/make] varied research opportunities for postgraduate students .

In both cases the shock had to be overwhelming and painful in the extreme if it was to generate the civilizing consequences of respect for , and maintenance of , the great taboos of civilization .
in both cases the shock had to be overwhelming and painful in the extreme if it was to [create/make] the civilizing consequences of respect for , and maintenance of , the great taboos of civilization .

Then there 's even more pollution caused by burning the fuels needed to generate the energy to make new products .
then there 's even more pollution caused by burning the fuels needed to [create/make] the energy to make new products .

Comparative sociology is supposed to be the attempt to generate universal propositions on the basis of systematic comparisons of a variety of different societies , and so it might have been expected to stimulate thinking about the global system .
comparative sociology is supposed to be the attempt to [create/make] universal propositions on the basis of systematic comparisons of a variety of different societies , and so it might have been expected to stimulate thinking about the global system .

But even if Lenin was correct in his analysis of the capitalist-imperialist roots of the First World War , by the 1950s and 1960s the capitalist global system and the Third World had both changed so much that many Marxists felt the need to generate new theories to explain what was happening and to show the way forward from a political point of view .
but even if lenin was correct in his analysis of the capitalist-imperialist roots of the first world war , by the 1950s and 1960s the capitalist global system and the third world had both changed so much that many marxists felt the need to [create/make] new theories to explain what was happening and to show the way forward from a political point of view .

In order to connect and explain these facts , we need to generate a new framework , namely the culture-ideology of consumerism .
in order to connect and explain these facts , we need to [create/make] a new framework , namely the culture-ideology of consumerism .

Increases in intra-abdominal pressure induced by inflating a balloon by mouth normally generate a compensatory increase in external anal sphincter activity that enhances the anal pressure barrier and maintains continence .
increases in intra-abdominal pressure induced by inflating a balloon by mouth normally [create/make] a compensatory increase in external anal sphincter activity that enhances the anal pressure barrier and maintains continence .

The results were analysed by treatment group to generate mean annual costs for five years and the accumulated mean costs of treating patients since entering the trial .
the results were analysed by treatment group to [create/make] mean annual costs for five years and the accumulated mean costs of treating patients since entering the trial .

For example , if labour is in short supply this constraint could be relieved by the firm offering overtime to its present workforce ; if the internal opportunity cost of labour is £5 the firm could offer an overtime premium up to this amount and by doing so generate a positive contribution .
for example , if labour is in short supply this constraint could be relieved by the firm offering overtime to its present workforce ; if the internal opportunity cost of labour is £5 the firm could offer an overtime premium up to this amount and by doing so [create/make] a positive contribution .

Changing any of the benefits and any of the taxes will almost certainly generate some behavioural response which will have to be guesstimated if the true original income is to be deduced .
changing any of the benefits and any of the taxes will almost certainly [create/make] some behavioural response which will have to be guesstimated if the true original income is to be deduced .

This , combined with a level of non-taxable income would generate a budget constraint like 123 in Fig .
this , combined with a level of non-taxable income would [create/make] a budget constraint like 123 in fig .

Generate another version of the module(s) which does satisfy the approver .
[create/make] another version of the module(s) which does satisfy the approver .

Option 1 Generate Relationships Listing
option 1 [create/make] relationships listing

Option 2 Generate Package Structure Listing
option 2 [create/make] package structure listing

This option allows the user to generate a Structure Listing based on a specified Package .
this option allows the user to [create/make] a structure listing based on a specified package .

Option 3 Generate Charge Code Listing
option 3 [create/make] charge code listing

This will generate an ‘ Offline Workload ’ , which can be displayed using option 9.8.0 .
this will [create/make] an ‘ offline workload ’ , which can be displayed using option 9.8.0 .

For Offline ‘ stores ’ , two methods can be used to generate an offline workload : either by specifying packages to be offlined using option 9.1.0 , or by using the Storeman facility , whereby a range of modules which have not been accessed in a given time period can be offlined .
for offline ‘ stores ’ , two methods can be used to [create/make] an offline workload : either by specifying packages to be offlined using option 9.1.0 , or by using the storeman facility , whereby a range of modules which have not been accessed in a given time period can be offlined .

Prior to running Update Baseline , the user must identify which modules within a specified approved package structure ( baseline ) have later approved versions than are currently referenced and which need to be embodied in order to generate a new baseline .
prior to running update baseline , the user must identify which modules within a specified approved package structure ( baseline ) have later approved versions than are currently referenced and which need to be embodied in order to [create/make] a new baseline .

The use of solar collectors which can concentrate solar radiation sufficiently to generate the high temperatures needed for the thermochemical conversion of water is also a long-term possibility . The equation for this process is
the use of solar collectors which can concentrate solar radiation sufficiently to [create/make] the high temperatures needed for the thermochemical conversion of water is also a long-term possibility . the equation for this process is

In this way , we would generate our scientific theory of first impressions .
in this way , we would [create/make] our scientific theory of first impressions .

Keatley 's play deals with women across four generations order to show the way families in generate certain themes .
keatley 's play deals with women across four generations order to show the way families in [create/make] certain themes .

Over 90 % of hazardous waste is disposed of by the manufacturers who generate it .
over 90 % of hazardous waste is disposed of by the manufacturers who [create/make] it .

Disposal of hazardous waste is still mostly handled , if not by those who generate it , by the public sector .
disposal of hazardous waste is still mostly handled , if not by those who [create/make] it , by the public sector .

Priority tasks include the development of a comprehensive seminar programme , combined activities with other bodies to offer management development programmes , conferences , etc , and to find ways to generate a desire amongst members to participate in some form of development activity each year , during their careers .
priority tasks include the development of a comprehensive seminar programme , combined activities with other bodies to offer management development programmes , conferences , etc , and to find ways to [create/make] a desire amongst members to participate in some form of development activity each year , during their careers .

For example , accountants need to decide in which period to charge costs intended to generate future benefits .
for example , accountants need to decide in which period to charge costs intended to [create/make] future benefits .

This payment structure is particularly suited to projects which generate a large capital sum on completion .
this payment structure is particularly suited to projects which [create/make] a large capital sum on completion .

This structure is useful when a project does not begin to generate revenue until completed .
this structure is useful when a project does not begin to [create/make] revenue until completed .

As well as creating more economic activity to absorb diamond earnings and generate sustained growth rates , the government also had to find job opportunities for the 27,000 school-leavers joining the job market every year .
as well as creating more economic activity to absorb diamond earnings and [create/make] sustained growth rates , the government also had to find job opportunities for the 27,000 school-leavers joining the job market every year .

He warned against running a deficit , and termed the 1989 deficit an `` outstanding contradiction `` resulting from the June rebellion , the non-implementation of measures to generate income and over-spending on agriculture , education , science and technology , and disaster relief .
he warned against running a deficit , and termed the 1989 deficit an `` outstanding contradiction `` resulting from the june rebellion , the non-implementation of measures to [create/make] income and over-spending on agriculture , education , science and technology , and disaster relief .

The communiqué issued at the end of the San José meeting expressed the hope that the agreement would `` consolidate the pacification and democratization process and generate a climate of confidence and security `` in the region .
the communiqué issued at the end of the san josé meeting expressed the hope that the agreement would `` consolidate the pacification and democratization process and [create/make] a climate of confidence and security `` in the region .

Even a sense of the importance of its subject-matter can generate the pious `` holier-than-thou `` tone of voice , so much detested and ridiculed — probably quite rightly — by our society .
even a sense of the importance of its subject-matter can [create/make] the pious `` holier-than-thou `` tone of voice , so much detested and ridiculed — probably quite rightly — by our society .

Let's first examine how we can generate and use dramatic tension , and then look at how we might teach narrative .
let's first examine how we can [create/make] and use dramatic tension , and then look at how we might teach narrative .

Discussion , of course , could generate heat as well as light .
discussion , of course , could [create/make] heat as well as light .

The framers of the `` Basic Principles `` sought above all to generate a sense of law in the mind of the public .
the framers of the `` basic principles `` sought above all to [create/make] a sense of law in the mind of the public .

Another response has been to withdraw from `` commodity `` type financial markets ( such as commercial paper , foreign exchange and government bonds ) , where profitability is low , in favour of more specialised activities which generate fee income , and require less capital then does trading or issuance .
another response has been to withdraw from `` commodity `` type financial markets ( such as commercial paper , foreign exchange and government bonds ) , where profitability is low , in favour of more specialised activities which [create/make] fee income , and require less capital then does trading or issuance .

Throughout the seventeenth century , and far into the eighteenth , the issue of precedence continued to arouse strong feeling and generate disputes as it had done in earlier generations . ``
throughout the seventeenth century , and far into the eighteenth , the issue of precedence continued to arouse strong feeling and [create/make] disputes as it had done in earlier generations . ``

But in many societies the position is exactly reversed ; homicide invites private reprisal , while many types of sexual offence lead to public punishment because they are regarded as sins which generate a condition of ritual pollution and thus endanger the whole community .
but in many societies the position is exactly reversed ; homicide invites private reprisal , while many types of sexual offence lead to public punishment because they are regarded as sins which [create/make] a condition of ritual pollution and thus endanger the whole community .

It is true that literacy seems to generate a sense of rigidly structured social order and a consciousness of historical change which is qualitatively different from the loose structural metaphors and the `` mythological `` view of the past which anthropologists usually encounter in `` wild `` ( sauvage ) societies .
it is true that literacy seems to [create/make] a sense of rigidly structured social order and a consciousness of historical change which is qualitatively different from the loose structural metaphors and the `` mythological `` view of the past which anthropologists usually encounter in `` wild `` ( sauvage ) societies .

Imagination is needed here and brainstorming sessions before each round of negotiation can be used to consider problems from new angles and to generate new ideas for introduction into a negotiation .
imagination is needed here and brainstorming sessions before each round of negotiation can be used to consider problems from new angles and to [create/make] new ideas for introduction into a negotiation .

Whilst it is our preference to generate fees for the provision of professional advice on a transaction we may also generate fees for a brokerage transaction .
whilst it is our preference to [create/make] fees for the provision of professional advice on a transaction we may also [create/make] fees for a brokerage transaction .

In the process , the project should generate an appropriate framework for thinking about the provision of business support services which could in principle be applied to any locality .
in the process , the project should [create/make] an appropriate framework for thinking about the provision of business support services which could in principle be applied to any locality .

In particular , it asks whether they can be expected to shift significantly ‘ us and them ’ attitudes and help generate a sense of common purpose in British industry .
in particular , it asks whether they can be expected to shift significantly ‘ us and them ’ attitudes and help [create/make] a sense of common purpose in british industry .

The problem of teacher supply continues to generate considerable concern .
the problem of teacher supply continues to [create/make] considerable concern .

The Energy Act abolished the public sector 's monopoly and allowed private companies to generate electricity as a main business .
the energy act abolished the public sector 's monopoly and allowed private companies to [create/make] electricity as a main business .

On the one hand these taxes represent a significant revenue source for the government , and on the other , they also generate a substantial stimulus to reduced consumption .
on the one hand these taxes represent a significant revenue source for the government , and on the other , they also [create/make] a substantial stimulus to reduced consumption .

In particular , Northern Ireland and Scotland have experienced considerable structural and locational disadvantage in the post war period due to industrial restructuring , a lack of inward investment and an inability to generate sufficient indigenous employment .
in particular , northern ireland and scotland have experienced considerable structural and locational disadvantage in the post war period due to industrial restructuring , a lack of inward investment and an inability to [create/make] sufficient indigenous employment .

The model will simulate a ‘ linguistic agent ’ able to generate and interpret discourse relating to a specific task .
the model will simulate a ‘ linguistic agent ’ able to [create/make] and interpret discourse relating to a specific task .

And , to draw conclusions and generate testable hypotheses regarding the following :
and , to draw conclusions and [create/make] testable hypotheses regarding the following :

The way in which authorities apparently withheld information about the explosion and fire at the Zaporizha plant in central Ukraine will also generate fresh opposition to the industry seven years after the Chernobyl disaster .
the way in which authorities apparently withheld information about the explosion and fire at the zaporizha plant in central ukraine will also [create/make] fresh opposition to the industry seven years after the chernobyl disaster .

That being so , then the company is going to have to generate considerable revenue to maintain their own viability .
that being so , then the company is going to have to [create/make] considerable revenue to maintain their own viability .

About 250,000 booklets will be distributed throughout Scotland , while the video will be used by police to generate discussion among women 's groups .
about 250,000 booklets will be distributed throughout scotland , while the video will be used by police to [create/make] discussion among women 's groups .

The principal objective of Phase 2 of this project is to generate understanding needed to identify :
the principal objective of phase 2 of this project is to [create/make] understanding needed to identify :

There were fears , said the resident , over the very serious increase in traffic which the school would generate .
there were fears , said the resident , over the very serious increase in traffic which the school would [create/make] .

Agriculture campaigner Robin Maynard said : ‘ £31 million over three years might build a few ornamental ponds in the countryside but it is hardly going to generate a major shift in agricultural policy from over-intensive agriculture to sustainable farming practice .
agriculture campaigner robin maynard said : ‘ £31 million over three years might build a few ornamental ponds in the countryside but it is hardly going to [create/make] a major shift in agricultural policy from over-intensive agriculture to sustainable farming practice .

Problems are more likely to arise from an increase in the number of small enquiries which generate only a modest income but which impinge on the time of core staff .
problems are more likely to arise from an increase in the number of small enquiries which [create/make] only a modest income but which impinge on the time of core staff .

The position detector pulse sent to the control unit is used to generate the next step command .
the position detector pulse sent to the control unit is used to [create/make] the next step command .

This transition in the comparator output is used to generate the position detector pulse [ Fig .
this transition in the comparator output is used to [create/make] the position detector pulse [ fig .

The microprocessor software must count the clock pulses and generate the clock start/stop and direction signals .
the microprocessor software must count the clock pulses and [create/make] the clock start/stop and direction signals .

Unfortunately this latter function is very difficult to generate using simple analogue circuits , So it has become common practice to approximate the velocity profile by linear ramp functions [ Figs .
unfortunately this latter function is very difficult to [create/make] using simple analogue circuits , so it has become common practice to approximate the velocity profile by linear ramp functions [ figs .

To perform this function the controller requires information about the instantaneous speed of the motor and must then generate the Switching angle appropriate to that speed .
to perform this function the controller requires information about the instantaneous speed of the motor and must then [create/make] the switching angle appropriate to that speed .

We go to a chemist and say : get out your textbooks and your calculating machine ; sharpen your pencil and your wits ; fill your head with formulae , and your flasks with methane and ammonia and hydrogen and carbon dioxide and all the other gases that a primeval nonliving planet can be expected to have ; cook them all up together ; pass strokes of lightning through your simulated atmospheres , and strokes of inspiration through your brain ; bring all your clever chemist 's methods to bear , and give us your best chemist 's estimate of the probability that a typical planet will spontaneously generate a self-replicating molecule .
we go to a chemist and say : get out your textbooks and your calculating machine ; sharpen your pencil and your wits ; fill your head with formulae , and your flasks with methane and ammonia and hydrogen and carbon dioxide and all the other gases that a primeval nonliving planet can be expected to have ; cook them all up together ; pass strokes of lightning through your simulated atmospheres , and strokes of inspiration through your brain ; bring all your clever chemist 's methods to bear , and give us your best chemist 's estimate of the probability that a typical planet will spontaneously [create/make] a self-replicating molecule .

As we saw in the case of the bacteria on a pin 's head , successive splittings into two can generate a very large number of cells in rather a short time .
as we saw in the case of the bacteria on a pin 's head , successive splittings into two can [create/make] a very large number of cells in rather a short time .

From an evolutionary point of view asymmetric arms races are more interesting , since they are more likely to generate highly complex weapons systems .
from an evolutionary point of view asymmetric arms races are more interesting , since they are more likely to [create/make] highly complex weapons systems .

Alternatively , we could generate crude annual wastage rates based on any given period ( figure 11 ) .
alternatively , we could [create/make] crude annual wastage rates based on any given period ( figure 11 ) .

Initially , the system simply extracted various details from the weekly and monthly payroll files , in order to generate management information .
initially , the system simply extracted various details from the weekly and monthly payroll files , in order to [create/make] management information .

We wanted to reduce the manual effort required to maintain Personnel records and generate such regular and ad hoc reports and analyses as were required .
we wanted to reduce the manual effort required to maintain personnel records and [create/make] such regular and ad hoc reports and analyses as were required .

She knew the spark their play could generate , she was helpless in her own cruel naughtiness .
she knew the spark their play could [create/make] , she was helpless in her own cruel naughtiness .

The adverts were designed to generate some sales leads as well as the main aim of raising awareness and these will be handled by .
the adverts were designed to [create/make] some sales leads as well as the main aim of raising awareness and these will be handled by .

The program can provide statistics for any year or range of years , it can also generate a text file of your list ( in two formats ) that can be viewed with any text editor .
the program can provide statistics for any year or range of years , it can also [create/make] a text file of your list ( in two formats ) that can be viewed with any text editor .

The best way to recreate the atmosphere of 1888 is to generate some stunning graphics .
the best way to recreate the atmosphere of 1888 is to [create/make] some stunning graphics .

to develop the knowledge , skills , creativity and potential of all our people and generate involvement , teamwork and pride in their work ;
to develop the knowledge , skills , creativity and potential of all our people and [create/make] involvement , teamwork and pride in their work ;

‘ We aim to develop the knowledge , skills , creativity and potential of all our people and to generate involvement , teamwork and pride in their work . ’
‘ we aim to develop the knowledge , skills , creativity and potential of all our people and to [create/make] involvement , teamwork and pride in their work . ’

take an informed view of future trends , both technical and legislative , and thereby generate confidence that the proposed solution will not be rendered obsolete in the near future .
take an informed view of future trends , both technical and legislative , and thereby [create/make] confidence that the proposed solution will not be rendered obsolete in the near future .

Name change is part of plan to generate more interest
name change is part of plan to [create/make] more interest

In cancer , however , the immune response can be suppressed and the body is unable to generate the antibodies it needs to fight the disease .
in cancer , however , the immune response can be suppressed and the body is unable to [create/make] the antibodies it needs to fight the disease .

Richard Barker commented : ‘ We were pleased with our catalogue but it is difficult to quantify just how much extra business these kinds of promotional tools generate .
richard barker commented : ‘ we were pleased with our catalogue but it is difficult to quantify just how much extra business these kinds of promotional tools [create/make] .

Despite the barriers , the online industry is beginning to generate substantial revenues .
despite the barriers , the online industry is beginning to [create/make] substantial revenues .

The original demonstrator at Barstow used arrays of mirrors to focus the sun 's rays on a central ‘ power tower ’ containing stream that was heated directly to generate electricity .
the original demonstrator at barstow used arrays of mirrors to focus the sun 's rays on a central ‘ power tower ’ containing stream that was heated directly to [create/make] electricity .

But were such ecosystems able to generate iron deposits on this scale without preserving significant quantities of organic matter in the sediments ?
but were such ecosystems able to [create/make] iron deposits on this scale without preserving significant quantities of organic matter in the sediments ?

In spite of much justifiable criticism , the Flory-Huggins theory can still generate considerable interest because of the limited amount of success which can be claimed for it in relation to phase equilibria studies .
in spite of much justifiable criticism , the flory-huggins theory can still [create/make] considerable interest because of the limited amount of success which can be claimed for it in relation to phase equilibria studies .

If the map can be represented in raster format ( Chapters 2 and 5 ) then image-processing operations can be used to enhance the map image so as to bring out linear features more clearly , and automatic line-following algorithms can be employed to generate the numerical coordinates of points along the lines .
if the map can be represented in raster format ( chapters 2 and 5 ) then image-processing operations can be used to enhance the map image so as to bring out linear features more clearly , and automatic line-following algorithms can be employed to [create/make] the numerical coordinates of points along the lines .

As the name implies , a dot-matrix printer uses patterns of dots printed within a rectangular matrix to generate individual characters .
as the name implies , a dot-matrix printer uses patterns of dots printed within a rectangular matrix to [create/make] individual characters .

The line-printer , dot-matrix printer and inkjet printer each has its own advantages and disadvantages , but all can be used to generate maps ranging from draft-quality maps such as Figures 4.3 ( a ) and ( b ) to finished choropleth maps ( Figure 4.9 ) .
the line-printer , dot-matrix printer and inkjet printer each has its own advantages and disadvantages , but all can be used to [create/make] maps ranging from draft-quality maps such as figures 4.3 ( a ) and ( b ) to finished choropleth maps ( figure 4.9 ) .

Dot-matrix or inkjet printers can be used to generate screen dumps or hard copies of the graphics displayed on a colour graphics monitor .
dot-matrix or inkjet printers can be used to [create/make] screen dumps or hard copies of the graphics displayed on a colour graphics monitor .

generate the linkages between line segments and so identify which line segments bound which countries :
[create/make] the linkages between line segments and so identify which line segments bound which countries :

Dot-matrix printers , such as those used with popular makes of personal computer , and line-printers ( which are normally used with larger , usually centralized , computers ) can be used to generate cheap , but not particularly accurate , maps and diagrams .
dot-matrix printers , such as those used with popular makes of personal computer , and line-printers ( which are normally used with larger , usually centralized , computers ) can be used to [create/make] cheap , but not particularly accurate , maps and diagrams .

The same procedures ( locating ground control points , computing a map-to-image and image-to-map transform , and resampling to generate a corrected output image ) can be used to register or overlay two images of the same area taken at different dates .
the same procedures ( locating ground control points , computing a map-to-image and image-to-map transform , and resampling to [create/make] a corrected output image ) can be used to register or overlay two images of the same area taken at different dates .

On the other hand , if the simulation is to be carried out by computer a way must be found of getting the computer to generate random sequences of numbers such as would be obtained by throwing a dice a number of times .
on the other hand , if the simulation is to be carried out by computer a way must be found of getting the computer to [create/make] random sequences of numbers such as would be obtained by throwing a dice a number of times .

It is sometimes interesting to use the transition probability matrix to generate synthetic sequences of foggy and clear days ; these sequences show patterns that might be expected to occur in the future ( since there are an infinite number of alternative futures but only one present and one past ) .
it is sometimes interesting to use the transition probability matrix to [create/make] synthetic sequences of foggy and clear days ; these sequences show patterns that might be expected to occur in the future ( since there are an infinite number of alternative futures but only one present and one past ) .

Generate a pseudo-random number pr ( Section 6.2 ) in the range 0.0–1.0 .
[create/make] a pseudo-random number pr ( section 6.2 ) in the range 0.0–1.0 .

These techniques can be divided into two kinds : those which produce a permanent paper or photographic ( human-readable ) output and those which generate a temporary display on a television monitor screen .
these techniques can be divided into two kinds : those which produce a permanent paper or photographic ( human-readable ) output and those which [create/make] a temporary display on a television monitor screen .

Where it is not done , sale of the asset after some time has elapsed can generate substantial revenue at the cost of a relatively small disposal of asset value .
where it is not done , sale of the asset after some time has elapsed can [create/make] substantial revenue at the cost of a relatively small disposal of asset value .

The increase in production volume that the new product will generate will distribute overheads more thinly and hence reduce costs on the whole range of products , causing a double increase in profits .
the increase in production volume that the new product will [create/make] will distribute overheads more thinly and hence reduce costs on the whole range of products , causing a double increase in profits .

When Charles Darwin delivered his boxes to the Zoological Society on 4 January 1837 , he could barely have imagined the excitement they would generate among the Fellows .
when charles darwin delivered his boxes to the zoological society on 4 january 1837 , he could barely have imagined the excitement they would [create/make] among the fellows .

While altruism by one individual towards another clearly involves some self-sacrifice , the tacit ( even unconscious ) assumption by the donor is that such sacrifice will , in the long run , generate reciprocal support .
while altruism by one individual towards another clearly involves some self-sacrifice , the tacit ( even unconscious ) assumption by the donor is that such sacrifice will , in the long run , [create/make] reciprocal support .

It will not be freed , because it will generate its own bosses from within .
it will not be freed , because it will [create/make] its own bosses from within .

We have now discovered that a competitive equilibrium in all markets would generate one particular Pareto-efficient allocation .
we have now discovered that a competitive equilibrium in all markets would [create/make] one particular pareto-efficient allocation .

Different initial distributions of human and physical capital across people will generate the different competitive equilibria corresponding to each of the possible Pareto-efficient allocations .
different initial distributions of human and physical capital across people will [create/make] the different competitive equilibria corresponding to each of the possible pareto-efficient allocations .

Given a tree not in the base , determining which sequence of transformations may have been applied to generate this tree .
given a tree not in the base , determining which sequence of transformations may have been applied to [create/make] this tree .

Combination of the syntax information for the morphemes to generate the syntactic information for the complete word .
combination of the syntax information for the morphemes to [create/make] the syntactic information for the complete word .

Added together , market forces generate an overall result which no-one can predict .
added together , market forces [create/make] an overall result which no-one can predict .

burning waste in incinerators to generate energy
burning waste in incinerators to [create/make] energy

Gas also produces less pollutants than oil or coal — which generate large amounts of sulphur and nitrogen dioxide that end up as acid rain .
gas also produces less pollutants than oil or coal — which [create/make] large amounts of sulphur and nitrogen dioxide that end up as acid rain .

c Decreased fertility and increased miscarriages have been recorded among couples who sleep under electric blankets — because of the zigzagging wires which generate electromagnetic radiation .
c decreased fertility and increased miscarriages have been recorded among couples who sleep under electric blankets — because of the zigzagging wires which [create/make] electromagnetic radiation .

This will demonstrate to everyone that our educational system is fair and just , and will help generate gratitude , loyalty and affection .
this will demonstrate to everyone that our educational system is fair and just , and will help [create/make] gratitude , loyalty and affection .

It was clear that the employers proposed a plan to generate more immediate investment in the sector to provide some stability and to ensure that quality training would be provided .
it was clear that the employers proposed a plan to [create/make] more immediate investment in the sector to provide some stability and to ensure that quality training would be provided .

All this adds up to the likelihood that the Government can not sort out the economy in the very short term and certainly can not do so this side of the general election ; they can not generate the feeling of happiness and cheerfulness about the economy which parties traditionally rely upon to win general elections .
all this adds up to the likelihood that the government can not sort out the economy in the very short term and certainly can not do so this side of the general election ; they can not [create/make] the feeling of happiness and cheerfulness about the economy which parties traditionally rely upon to win general elections .

The Government 's economic role in the north-east — as elsewhere — is to create a climate in which businesses can prosper and , in turn , generate strong and sustainable employment growth .
the government 's economic role in the north-east — as elsewhere — is to create a climate in which businesses can prosper and , in turn , [create/make] strong and sustainable employment growth .

In that way , we will generate the consensus that is absolutely essential in a democracy ruled by a democratically elected Parliament and , indeed , by an executive in Brussels .
in that way , we will [create/make] the consensus that is absolutely essential in a democracy ruled by a democratically elected parliament and , indeed , by an executive in brussels .

We know from our weekly surgeries the amount of work that immigration problems generate .
we know from our weekly surgeries the amount of work that immigration problems [create/make] .

New developments which generate freight capable of bulk transport to locate close to rail facilities wherever possible .
new developments which [create/make] freight capable of bulk transport to locate close to rail facilities wherever possible .

Increasingly , however , we are using the planning system to generate the affordable homes that are needed .
increasingly , however , we are using the planning system to [create/make] the affordable homes that are needed .

It is important that we introduce recycling initiatives that are environmentally friendly ; give , where necessary , a reduction in emissions ; and generate electricity where the opportunities arise .
it is important that we introduce recycling initiatives that are environmentally friendly ; give , where necessary , a reduction in emissions ; and [create/make] electricity where the opportunities arise .

It is about time that the Government accepted their responsibility for all sorts of things — for example , the rising unemployment levels , the rundown of the health service , the lack of measures to reduce homelessness and the failure of their economic policy to generate growth and investment to end the recession so that we can build a better Britain .
it is about time that the government accepted their responsibility for all sorts of things — for example , the rising unemployment levels , the rundown of the health service , the lack of measures to reduce homelessness and the failure of their economic policy to [create/make] growth and investment to end the recession so that we can build a better britain .

They allow the economically strong to drive out the economically weak , and so generate monopoly power which robs workers and consumers of any effective economic control .
they allow the economically strong to drive out the economically weak , and so [create/make] monopoly power which robs workers and consumers of any effective economic control .

Pro-marketeers of a social democratic type have been prepared to manage markets : restricting the area of their use ( keeping them out of such things as health care ) ; moderating their tendency to generate inequality , ( by policies of income redistribution ) ; and preserving some of the market 's industrial casualties by nationalizing bankrupt firms and industries .
pro-marketeers of a social democratic type have been prepared to manage markets : restricting the area of their use ( keeping them out of such things as health care ) ; moderating their tendency to [create/make] inequality , ( by policies of income redistribution ) ; and preserving some of the market 's industrial casualties by nationalizing bankrupt firms and industries .

It is prone to generate new social divisions of a hierarchical kind based on political or bureaucratic position .
it is prone to [create/make] new social divisions of a hierarchical kind based on political or bureaucratic position .

Rather , in the Austrian approach [ … ] we look to price theory to help us understand how the decisions of individual participants in the market interact to generate the market forces which compel changes in prices , in outputs , and in methods of production and the allocation of resources .
rather , in the austrian approach [ … ] we look to price theory to help us understand how the decisions of individual participants in the market interact to [create/make] the market forces which compel changes in prices , in outputs , and in methods of production and the allocation of resources .

The efficiency of the price system , in this approach , does not depend upon the optimality ( or absence of it ) of the resource allocation pattern at equilibrium ; rather , it depends on the degree of success with which market forces can be relied upon to generate spontaneous corrections in the allocation patterns prevailing at times of disequilibrium .
the efficiency of the price system , in this approach , does not depend upon the optimality ( or absence of it ) of the resource allocation pattern at equilibrium ; rather , it depends on the degree of success with which market forces can be relied upon to [create/make] spontaneous corrections in the allocation patterns prevailing at times of disequilibrium .

This newly acquired information concerning the plans of others can be expected to generate , for the succeeding period of time , a revised set of decisions .
this newly acquired information concerning the plans of others can be expected to [create/make] , for the succeeding period of time , a revised set of decisions .

In other words , even without changes in the basic data of the market ( that is , in consumer tastes , technological possibilities and resource availabilities ) , the decisions made in one period of time generate systematic alterations in the corresponding decisions for the succeeding period .
in other words , even without changes in the basic data of the market ( that is , in consumer tastes , technological possibilities and resource availabilities ) , the decisions made in one period of time [create/make] systematic alterations in the corresponding decisions for the succeeding period .

However , both types of ‘ Internal Market ’ would generate a considerable amount of activity in billing , payment and verification which , even in the computer age , would require vastly increased numbers of administrative and clerical staff .
however , both types of ‘ internal market ’ would [create/make] a considerable amount of activity in billing , payment and verification which , even in the computer age , would require vastly increased numbers of administrative and clerical staff .

to generate a significant volume of experimental data of a crucially different kind from that normally available to economists , which should reveal fresh insights into economic behaviour and stimulate further theoretical advances ;
to [create/make] a significant volume of experimental data of a crucially different kind from that normally available to economists , which should reveal fresh insights into economic behaviour and stimulate further theoretical advances ;

Since to present all subjects in the literature would generate very lengthy schedules , the listing of subjects must be selective .
since to present all subjects in the literature would [create/make] very lengthy schedules , the listing of subjects must be selective .

Human indexers sometimes make inappropriate judgements , misinterpret ideas , have lapses of memory or concentration , and generate omissions and inconsistencies in their indexing .
human indexers sometimes make inappropriate judgements , misinterpret ideas , have lapses of memory or concentration , and [create/make] omissions and inconsistencies in their indexing .

Maria had never dreamed that two people could generate so much sheer sensation between them .
maria had never dreamed that two people could [create/make] so much sheer sensation between them .

These generate income according to the comprehensive definition , but are not typically included in measured income .
these [create/make] income according to the comprehensive definition , but are not typically included in measured income .

Show that this can generate a steady-state distribution with a Pareto tail .
show that this can [create/make] a steady-state distribution with a pareto tail .

The indifference maps there generate the voting paradox .
the indifference maps there [create/make] the voting paradox .

Those forces that make agencies fail to generate change also make them slow to respond to changes that are thrust upon them from the outside .
those forces that make agencies fail to [create/make] change also make them slow to respond to changes that are thrust upon them from the outside .

Indeed , viewing society as a whole as an organization , we see that bureaucratic structures may generate a self-confirming equilibrium .
indeed , viewing society as a whole as an organization , we see that bureaucratic structures may [create/make] a self-confirming equilibrium .

That is , since the various parts of the bureaucracy fail to generate innovations , other parts are less often faced with the need to respond to changes .
that is , since the various parts of the bureaucracy fail to [create/make] innovations , other parts are less often faced with the need to respond to changes .

It was n't that she looked forward to them exactly , but the fury he 'd used to generate was gone .
it was n't that she looked forward to them exactly , but the fury he 'd used to [create/make] was gone .

But it is possible to use the process determining a variable to generate a measure of the rational expectation of that variable , and this method has the attractive feature of allowing a formal statistical test of a model which includes rational expectations .
but it is possible to use the process determining a variable to [create/make] a measure of the rational expectation of that variable , and this method has the attractive feature of allowing a formal statistical test of a model which includes rational expectations .

Combining equations ( 4.23 ) and ( 4.24 ) we can generate the natural rate Phillips curve in one of two forms :
combining equations ( 4.23 ) and ( 4.24 ) we can [create/make] the natural rate phillips curve in one of two forms :

Similarly , just as when expectations of inflation were zero actual inflation of 5 per cent might sufficiently fool workers to generate an unemployment rate of 3 per cent , now , if expectations of inflation are 5 per cent , actual inflation would need to be 10 per cent to fool them by the same amount as before and hence generate the same unemployment rate of 3 per cent .
similarly , just as when expectations of inflation were zero actual inflation of 5 per cent might sufficiently fool workers to [create/make] an unemployment rate of 3 per cent , now , if expectations of inflation are 5 per cent , actual inflation would need to be 10 per cent to fool them by the same amount as before and hence [create/make] the same unemployment rate of 3 per cent .

We must take as our basis the two vectors representing the two bond stretching motions , so that the transformation matrices showing the effects of the symmetry operations will be 2 × 2 matrices ; only the trace of the matrix is needed to generate the character Xv .
we must take as our basis the two vectors representing the two bond stretching motions , so that the transformation matrices showing the effects of the symmetry operations will be 2 × 2 matrices ; only the trace of the matrix is needed to [create/make] the character xv .

The problem with this method is that we must generate the species of interest continuously — often by mixing two gases or solutions — in a way that can be matched to the timescale of the measurement .
the problem with this method is that we must [create/make] the species of interest continuously — often by mixing two gases or solutions — in a way that can be matched to the timescale of the measurement .

Originally a high-intensity flash-lamp was used to generate the unstable species , while the spectrum was recorded using a second , weaker flash .
originally a high-intensity flash-lamp was used to [create/make] the unstable species , while the spectrum was recorded using a second , weaker flash .

If we entirely remove the dynamics from the model , then it is possible to generate a soluble relation for Ct and hence construct a linear convergent strategy .
if we entirely remove the dynamics from the model , then it is possible to [create/make] a soluble relation for ct and hence construct a linear convergent strategy .

The diversity of information and the size of the action sets generate a solution which is partially separating .
the diversity of information and the size of the action sets [create/make] a solution which is partially separating .

Davis ( 1988 ) suggests that a failure to redistribute capital gains immediately across the portfolio will tend to generate significant lagged wealth effects .
davis ( 1988 ) suggests that a failure to redistribute capital gains immediately across the portfolio will tend to [create/make] significant lagged wealth effects .

In particular any tampering with traditional religious institutions or observances , of the kind so common among enlightened rulers and ministers , was likely to generate deep resentment .
in particular any tampering with traditional religious institutions or observances , of the kind so common among enlightened rulers and ministers , was likely to [create/make] deep resentment .

Gravitational collapse may create a black hole , but there is no physical process to generate its converse , the ‘ white ’ hole , although mathematically the situations are on an equal footing .
gravitational collapse may create a black hole , but there is no physical process to [create/make] its converse , the ‘ white ’ hole , although mathematically the situations are on an equal footing .

In view of the uncertainties in our knowledge of stellar processes which generate gravitational waves , calculations here are limited to order-of-magnitude estimates of the power output to be expected in a favourable case .
in view of the uncertainties in our knowledge of stellar processes which [create/make] gravitational waves , calculations here are limited to order-of-magnitude estimates of the power output to be expected in a favourable case .

If the relationship between sign and reality is not natural but arbitrary , how are we to understand the sign 's ability to signify , the capacity of language to generate meaning ?
if the relationship between sign and reality is not natural but arbitrary , how are we to understand the sign 's ability to signify , the capacity of language to [create/make] meaning ?

If you discover some wonderful patterns or general algebraic relationships hidden in the structure of the problem it can be very tempting to steer pupils towards them and generate a feeling of disappointment if they do not get there .
if you discover some wonderful patterns or general algebraic relationships hidden in the structure of the problem it can be very tempting to steer pupils towards them and [create/make] a feeling of disappointment if they do not get there .

… we expect books to generate ideas for exploration , we try to choose books that will challenge and ask questions of our brightest children and yet provide an accessible experience for the weakest .
… we expect books to [create/make] ideas for exploration , we try to choose books that will challenge and ask questions of our brightest children and yet provide an accessible experience for the weakest .

For Humphrey , aesthetic structuring arises from the urge to group and classify information as well as from a capacity to pick up similarities and associations that generate a sense of rhythm and rhyme .
for humphrey , aesthetic structuring arises from the urge to group and classify information as well as from a capacity to pick up similarities and associations that [create/make] a sense of rhythm and rhyme .

That makes sense , but they ca n't be accurate because compost heaps generate heat which might accelerate decomposition .
that makes sense , but they ca n't be accurate because compost heaps [create/make] heat which might accelerate decomposition .

Lack of parking provision for the extra traffic this development may be expected to generate .
lack of parking provision for the extra traffic this development may be expected to [create/make] .

The extra traffic this development might be expected to generate would exacerbate the already serious parking problems in the village .
the extra traffic this development might be expected to [create/make] would exacerbate the already serious parking problems in the village .

Our first response to this must be to work with our partners in the public and private sectors to generate new economic activity and employment opportunities , and to enhance the access to these jobs by all Glasgow 's residents .
our first response to this must be to work with our partners in the public and private sectors to [create/make] new economic activity and employment opportunities , and to enhance the access to these jobs by all glasgow 's residents .

This will generate confidence in using the approach .
this will [create/make] confidence in using the approach .

This would then be a useful time to engage in the brainstorming process to generate additional topics for individual investigations and give practice in applying the selection criteria .
this would then be a useful time to engage in the brainstorming process to [create/make] additional topics for individual investigations and give practice in applying the selection criteria .

An invention which is properly exploited by a small business may have a dramatic impact on the employer 's turnover ; a larger business , on the other hand , may be able to generate a far larger sales income with the same invention but ultimately produce an insignificant effect on the latter 's overall liquidity .
an invention which is properly exploited by a small business may have a dramatic impact on the employer 's turnover ; a larger business , on the other hand , may be able to [create/make] a far larger sales income with the same invention but ultimately produce an insignificant effect on the latter 's overall liquidity .

Some of our business sectors , notably nitrogen and solvents , are expected to continue to perform well and will be operated to generate cash to help fund growth sectors elsewhere .
some of our business sectors , notably nitrogen and solvents , are expected to continue to perform well and will be operated to [create/make] cash to help fund growth sectors elsewhere .

Thus Carpenter and Narin found that patterns of citation from one journal to another could be used to generate clusters of journals which could be identified as groups .
thus carpenter and narin found that patterns of citation from one journal to another could be used to [create/make] clusters of journals which could be identified as groups .

It could also be used in other subject fields , which currently lack specialist thesis listings , to generate maps of research activity .
it could also be used in other subject fields , which currently lack specialist thesis listings , to [create/make] maps of research activity .

Philosophy 's business is with argument , and its theses , assuming that this is its endeavour ( which is arguable ) , generate yet more argument , such that issues are never finally settled , and this is just as true for its ideas about the scientific method .
philosophy 's business is with argument , and its theses , assuming that this is its endeavour ( which is arguable ) , [create/make] yet more argument , such that issues are never finally settled , and this is just as true for its ideas about the scientific method .

The task is to generate indicators of the concepts in order to see better just what empirical relationships the phenomena pointed to by the concept of class might be .
the task is to [create/make] indicators of the concepts in order to see better just what empirical relationships the phenomena pointed to by the concept of class might be .

In fact , any concept is likely to generate a number of indicators with no very clear idea , in advance of empirical inquiry , what they `` stand for `` .
in fact , any concept is likely to [create/make] a number of indicators with no very clear idea , in advance of empirical inquiry , what they `` stand for `` .

The first is to generate a large number of test items designed to indicate the supposed social or attitudinal attribute .
the first is to [create/make] a large number of test items designed to indicate the supposed social or attitudinal attribute .

But to do so , he maintains , they are obliged to make impossible assumptions that `` generate analyses that are completely off the mark `` .
but to do so , he maintains , they are obliged to make impossible assumptions that `` [create/make] analyses that are completely off the mark `` .

In addition to examining ways to generate resources it would act as a consultative group linking potential donors and beneficiaries .
in addition to examining ways to [create/make] resources it would act as a consultative group linking potential donors and beneficiaries .

On June 11 the Supreme Court struck down a federal law prohibiting the desecration of the flag ; a proposed constitutional amendment — supported by Bush — to prohibit such activities failed to generate sufficient support in Congress , although it obtained a simple majority in each chamber [ see pp. 37241 ; 37525 ] .
on june 11 the supreme court struck down a federal law prohibiting the desecration of the flag ; a proposed constitutional amendment — supported by bush — to prohibit such activities failed to [create/make] sufficient support in congress , although it obtained a simple majority in each chamber [ see pp. 37241 ; 37525 ] .

Boosting budget revenues in this way would generate funds for income support for pensioners and fixed-income groups in conditions of accelerating inflation as prices were freed , and the tax was also intended to stabilize the money supply .
boosting budget revenues in this way would [create/make] funds for income support for pensioners and fixed-income groups in conditions of accelerating inflation as prices were freed , and the tax was also intended to stabilize the money supply .

The scheme , which required the passage of enabling legislation and which was scheduled for July 25 , was expected to generate revenue of some 91,000 million roubles for the government .
the scheme , which required the passage of enabling legislation and which was scheduled for july 25 , was expected to [create/make] revenue of some 91,000 million roubles for the government .

As part of a programme to reduce dependence on fossil fuels , central government and the seven provinces signed an agreement on Feb. 6 , 1991 , providing for the construction of 2,000-3,000 windmills , which would generate 1,000 megawatts of electricity by the end of the century .
as part of a programme to reduce dependence on fossil fuels , central government and the seven provinces signed an agreement on feb. 6 , 1991 , providing for the construction of 2,000-3,000 windmills , which would [create/make] 1,000 megawatts of electricity by the end of the century .

With a string of southern primaries due in March , Clinton remained the overall favourite for the nomination ; the conventional wisdom was that Tsongas could not generate sufficient appeal outside New England , and — given the 1988 fate of Michael Dukakis , a Massachusetts liberal ( also of Greek ethnic origin ) with whom he was frequently compared — would be unelectable as President even if he did secure the nomination .
with a string of southern primaries due in march , clinton remained the overall favourite for the nomination ; the conventional wisdom was that tsongas could not [create/make] sufficient appeal outside new england , and — given the 1988 fate of michael dukakis , a massachusetts liberal ( also of greek ethnic origin ) with whom he was frequently compared — would be unelectable as president even if he did secure the nomination .

Measures to generate further revenue included higher excise and other duties , the introduction of a retail sales tax , and improved computerization in the collection of personal taxes .
measures to [create/make] further revenue included higher excise and other duties , the introduction of a retail sales tax , and improved computerization in the collection of personal taxes .

Although no commentator expected Duke to defeat Bush , many acknowledged that he might be able to generate sufficient support to embarrass the President .
although no commentator expected duke to defeat bush , many acknowledged that he might be able to [create/make] sufficient support to embarrass the president .

They stated that the government would spend half the revenues raised to pay debts and would cut expenditure in 1993 , including axing projects which did not generate jobs .
they stated that the government would spend half the revenues raised to pay debts and would cut expenditure in 1993 , including axing projects which did not [create/make] jobs .

If business people generate greater demand for their products through good marketing , they can increase the supply and bring in greater revenue .
if business people [create/make] greater demand for their products through good marketing , they can increase the supply and bring in greater revenue .

The public sector manager 's budget is politically determined : `` marketing `` the service to generate increased demand leads only to increased costs and not ( normally ) to increased revenue .
the public sector manager 's budget is politically determined : `` marketing `` the service to [create/make] increased demand leads only to increased costs and not ( normally ) to increased revenue .

It is also likely that interviews will generate further material ( old photographs , or old objects ) , which may be loaned to the school for the duration of the project .
it is also likely that interviews will [create/make] further material ( old photographs , or old objects ) , which may be loaned to the school for the duration of the project .

Often use of the computer source-base can generate activities .
often use of the computer source-base can [create/make] activities .

( 17 ) Using a computer interrogating a database ; consulting a viewdata programme ; carrying out a simulation of some kind ; inputting data onto a database ; using word processing packages to produce written work for history ; using a computer to generate barcharts , graphs , etc .
( 17 ) using a computer interrogating a database ; consulting a viewdata programme ; carrying out a simulation of some kind ; inputting data onto a database ; using word processing packages to produce written work for history ; using a computer to [create/make] barcharts , graphs , etc .

Other services , such as baby listening and internal calls , can also be charged , to generate additional profit .
other services , such as baby listening and internal calls , can also be charged , to [create/make] additional profit .

Since they extract heat from the food inside , and since the compressor and fans generate heat , it soon becomes apparent that the area around a poorly ventilated refrigerator can quickly become hot .
since they extract heat from the food inside , and since the compressor and fans [create/make] heat , it soon becomes apparent that the area around a poorly ventilated refrigerator can quickly become hot .

If the service company were allowed to generate profit of £35,000 then the 15% tax saving would be approximately £5,250 .
if the service company were allowed to [create/make] profit of £35,000 then the 15% tax saving would be approximately £5,250 .

One could begin with a base-form pronunciation of each word in the dictionary , and then apply phonological rules to generate valid variations in pronunciation .
one could begin with a base-form pronunciation of each word in the dictionary , and then apply phonological rules to [create/make] valid variations in pronunciation .

One possibility is to generate this information as needed during processing ; most of the systems took the computationally more efficient approach of pre-compilation .
one possibility is to [create/make] this information as needed during processing ; most of the systems took the computationally more efficient approach of pre-compilation .

Interestingly , and controversially , the Act appears to ignore the skill and expertise of the person or persons who wrote the computer program used to generate these works .
interestingly , and controversially , the act appears to ignore the skill and expertise of the person or persons who wrote the computer program used to [create/make] these works .

It calls for excellent team-building skills ; the ability to identify individual strengths and weaknesses ; the power to generate commitment to shared values ; and the willingness to encourage and harness the ideas and creativity of all .
it calls for excellent team-building skills ; the ability to identify individual strengths and weaknesses ; the power to [create/make] commitment to shared values ; and the willingness to encourage and harness the ideas and creativity of all .

If the search is unsuccessful the onus is then on the user to generate new terms .
if the search is unsuccessful the onus is then on the user to [create/make] new terms .

Information by itself will not generate ideas .
information by itself will not [create/make] ideas .

In practice to have vague objectives will prevent one from doing much and yet not generate positive action .
in practice to have vague objectives will prevent one from doing much and yet not [create/make] positive action .

Stem cells divide , giving rise to both new stem cells and to daughter cells that generate the distinct epithelial lineages of the small intestine — namely functional Paneth , absorptive , goblet , and enteroendocrine cells .
stem cells divide , giving rise to both new stem cells and to daughter cells that [create/make] the distinct epithelial lineages of the small intestine — namely functional paneth , absorptive , goblet , and enteroendocrine cells .

It is postulated that the deleterious effect of these reactions and their products is , at least in part , through their ability to generate reactive oxygen species .
it is postulated that the deleterious effect of these reactions and their products is , at least in part , through their ability to [create/make] reactive oxygen species .

To identify which cells generate superoxide , inflamed human mucosa was tested with nitroblue tetrazolium as a probe , because it is reduced by strong reducing agents to form insoluble blue formazan , which then precipitates in tissues .
to identify which cells [create/make] superoxide , inflamed human mucosa was tested with nitroblue tetrazolium as a probe , because it is reduced by strong reducing agents to form insoluble blue formazan , which then precipitates in tissues .

When infiltrated by inflammatory cells , the mucosa is known to generate a variety of inflammatory lipidic mediators such as arachidonic acid metabolites ( for example , prostaglandins , thromboxane , and leukotrienes ) and platelet activating factor ( also called platelet activating factor acether ) .
when infiltrated by inflammatory cells , the mucosa is known to [create/make] a variety of inflammatory lipidic mediators such as arachidonic acid metabolites ( for example , prostaglandins , thromboxane , and leukotrienes ) and platelet activating factor ( also called platelet activating factor acether ) .

Both functional studies on isolated cells and conventional mRNA analysis on tissue homogenates , however , might generate artefactual changes that arise from tissue handling , cell disaggregation and separation , or in vitro culture .
both functional studies on isolated cells and conventional mrna analysis on tissue homogenates , however , might [create/make] artefactual changes that arise from tissue handling , cell disaggregation and separation , or in vitro culture .

It is expected that this halon replacement programme will continue to generate new business for the foreseeable future .
it is expected that this halon replacement programme will continue to [create/make] new business for the foreseeable future .

‘ We aim to develop the knowledge , skills , creativity and potential of all our people and to generate involvement , teamwork and pride in their work . ’
‘ we aim to develop the knowledge , skills , creativity and potential of all our people and to [create/make] involvement , teamwork and pride in their work . ’

It is clear from ( 5.29 ) that the coefficients in ( 5.44 ) are estimates of the discount factors and hence can be used to generate the spot yield curve .
it is clear from ( 5.29 ) that the coefficients in ( 5.44 ) are estimates of the discount factors and hence can be used to [create/make] the spot yield curve .

The ability of the firm to pay dividends will depend on its ability to generate earnings , so we next analyse the sources of the firm 's earnings growth .
the ability of the firm to pay dividends will depend on its ability to [create/make] earnings , so we next analyse the sources of the firm 's earnings growth .

If a firm is to be successful , it will have to generate sufficient income to cover the cost not only of financing a capital asset but of replacing it when it is worn out .
if a firm is to be successful , it will have to [create/make] sufficient income to cover the cost not only of financing a capital asset but of replacing it when it is worn out .

The first point to note is that , whatever their growth rates , all firms generate the same total rate of return on assets of 15 per cent , and that this is the same as the cost of capital or discount rate .
the first point to note is that , whatever their growth rates , all firms [create/make] the same total rate of return on assets of 15 per cent , and that this is the same as the cost of capital or discount rate .

But despite this , all firms generate the same return on assets , as we have seen .
but despite this , all firms [create/make] the same return on assets , as we have seen .

Why , in equilibrium , will all firms in the same risk class generate the same rate of return on assets regardless of their growth rates ?
why , in equilibrium , will all firms in the same risk class [create/make] the same rate of return on assets regardless of their growth rates ?

Where it is not done , sale of the asset after some time has elapsed can generate substantial revenue at the cost of a relatively small disposal of asset value .
where it is not done , sale of the asset after some time has elapsed can [create/make] substantial revenue at the cost of a relatively small disposal of asset value .

The increase in production volume that the new product will generate will distribute overheads more thinly and hence reduce costs on the whole range of products , causing a double increase in profits .
the increase in production volume that the new product will [create/make] will distribute overheads more thinly and hence reduce costs on the whole range of products , causing a double increase in profits .

The four statements of Table 11.1 have sufficed to generate Figure 11.2 unambiguously and with no more effort than in the open-loop case .
the four statements of table 11.1 have sufficed to [create/make] figure 11.2 unambiguously and with no more effort than in the open-loop case .

Comparison of the times taken for the three exercises and discussion of the accuracies found will generate further insights into the subject of communication .
comparison of the times taken for the three exercises and discussion of the accuracies found will [create/make] further insights into the subject of communication .

Reports : Generate reports , including work plans , status reports and summary reports
reports : [create/make] reports , including work plans , status reports and summary reports

This , it argues , would minimise the risk of fraud that open borders would generate .
this , it argues , would minimise the risk of fraud that open borders would [create/make] .

The need for state interference in this market springs from the fact that it is no longer the state but the commercial banks which generate the bulk of our money supply .
the need for state interference in this market springs from the fact that it is no longer the state but the commercial banks which [create/make] the bulk of our money supply .

They possess two pairs of fins , or their derivatives , limbs : two is the minimum number of lateral extensions of the body needed to generate a vertical force through any point on the body ( one pair could generate a force at only one point , and three pairs are one too many ) .
they possess two pairs of fins , or their derivatives , limbs : two is the minimum number of lateral extensions of the body needed to [create/make] a vertical force through any point on the body ( one pair could [create/make] a force at only one point , and three pairs are one too many ) .

The processes that generate patterns during development are almost certainly more complex than Zhabotinsky 's reaction , or the process imagined by Turing , or the generation of a gradient by synthesizing a substance at one point and destroying it at another .
the processes that [create/make] patterns during development are almost certainly more complex than zhabotinsky 's reaction , or the process imagined by turing , or the generation of a gradient by synthesizing a substance at one point and destroying it at another .

Not that this need worry us unduly when we consider the excitement , the sense of occasion , that these great musicians generate .
not that this need worry us unduly when we consider the excitement , the sense of occasion , that these great musicians [create/make] .

Many events will in fact generate an income to offset some of the expense — perhaps a registration fee , a commercial exhibition or sales of souvenirs .
many events will in fact [create/make] an income to offset some of the expense — perhaps a registration fee , a commercial exhibition or sales of souvenirs .

It may function as a store of wealth , so that an individual or society can put away the wealth it may generate as the surplus between production and consumption .
it may function as a store of wealth , so that an individual or society can put away the wealth it may [create/make] as the surplus between production and consumption .

Although early day weakness among the leaders , inspired by profit takers , evaporated after a series of small ‘ buy side ’ programme trades , generate any genuine investment interest was poor .
although early day weakness among the leaders , inspired by profit takers , evaporated after a series of small ‘ buy side ’ programme trades , [create/make] any genuine investment interest was poor .

Interest in this scheme , which can generate big commissions , appears to have spawned a network of introducers and brokers all leading to Daca .
interest in this scheme , which can [create/make] big commissions , appears to have spawned a network of introducers and brokers all leading to daca .

They hoped that the dynamic forces released by socialism would generate new wealth , enabling Britain to stride the world once more in a continuing and -equal partnership with the United States , rather than as the American satellite which she had become in the latter phases of the Second World War .
they hoped that the dynamic forces released by socialism would [create/make] new wealth , enabling britain to stride the world once more in a continuing and -equal partnership with the united states , rather than as the american satellite which she had become in the latter phases of the second world war .

It is events , however , rather than personalities that generate change quickest in Whitehall .
it is events , however , rather than personalities that [create/make] change quickest in whitehall .

But they became even more closely connected when Hobbes began to think of geometrical figures in terms of the motions which would generate or produce them .
but they became even more closely connected when hobbes began to think of geometrical figures in terms of the motions which would [create/make] or produce them .

He seems to invite us to think of the circle as something which embodies , or is a continuing expression of , the motions which generate it ; and this involves our thinking of those motions in a way which makes them less like efficient causes than like formal causes , at least as Aristotle intended them .
he seems to invite us to think of the circle as something which embodies , or is a continuing expression of , the motions which [create/make] it ; and this involves our thinking of those motions in a way which makes them less like efficient causes than like formal causes , at least as aristotle intended them .

’ We should consider what happens when one moving body comes into contact with another : ‘ what way , and with what swiftness , the invaded body shall move ; and , again , what motion this second body will generate in a third .
’ we should consider what happens when one moving body comes into contact with another : ‘ what way , and with what swiftness , the invaded body shall move ; and , again , what motion this second body will [create/make] in a third .

Objects outside of a perceiver generate motion , which is propagated through sense-organs to the heart and the brain .
objects outside of a perceiver [create/make] motion , which is propagated through sense-organs to the heart and the brain .

Similarly , to take another case , we might think of the real essence of a circle , a figure which bears a constant relation to some one point , as an indication of how , along Hobbesian lines , to generate or construct one .
similarly , to take another case , we might think of the real essence of a circle , a figure which bears a constant relation to some one point , as an indication of how , along hobbesian lines , to [create/make] or construct one .

The government is plainly trying to generate a sense of nationalism , previously absent in this tribally divided country .
the government is plainly trying to [create/make] a sense of nationalism , previously absent in this tribally divided country .

In Europe , too , subsidising public transport mainly leads to new journeys rather than a switch from private cars ( though additional travel may , in turn , generate economic benefits ) .
in europe , too , subsidising public transport mainly leads to new journeys rather than a switch from private cars ( though additional travel may , in turn , [create/make] economic benefits ) .

Shareholders do well from selling but not from buying : many mergers and takeovers fail to generate the gains in efficiency and thus cash flow on which the bids were based .
shareholders do well from selling but not from buying : many mergers and takeovers fail to [create/make] the gains in efficiency and thus cash flow on which the bids were based .

Maybe it helps to generate the sense of ‘ direct engagement ’ in your work that comes when you forget you are using a computer at all .
maybe it helps to [create/make] the sense of ‘ direct engagement ’ in your work that comes when you forget you are using a computer at all .

Mr Crook called the decision ‘ a very dangerous judgment which will only generate more secret justice and undermine the public 's respect for the administration of justice . ’
mr crook called the decision ‘ a very dangerous judgment which will only [create/make] more secret justice and undermine the public 's respect for the administration of justice . ’

What matters is whether we have the creative drive to generate new production .
what matters is whether we have the creative drive to [create/make] new production .

Labour , wholly in thrall to this feminist cause , will create a Ministry of Women ( as well as a Minister for the Disabled and a Minister for Children ) to generate ‘ legislation for women ’ .
labour , wholly in thrall to this feminist cause , will create a ministry of women ( as well as a minister for the disabled and a minister for children ) to [create/make] ‘ legislation for women ’ .

They do not generate their own body heat like mammals and birds , but are largely dependent on the temperatures in their immediate environment .
they do not [create/make] their own body heat like mammals and birds , but are largely dependent on the temperatures in their immediate environment .

Today it is not so much fluoridation as nitrates and pesticides which generate international conflict over water quality .
today it is not so much fluoridation as nitrates and pesticides which [create/make] international conflict over water quality .

There is clearly no general agreement within the education system as to what the functions of the headteacher are ; it therefore becomes difficult , if not impossible , to generate criteria for effectiveness . An analysis of the traditional functions of heads might produce the following list :
there is clearly no general agreement within the education system as to what the functions of the headteacher are ; it therefore becomes difficult , if not impossible , to [create/make] criteria for effectiveness . an analysis of the traditional functions of heads might produce the following list :

However , this may generate stress by inhibiting innovation and creativity .
however , this may [create/make] stress by inhibiting innovation and creativity .

Housing investment will generate jobs .
housing investment will [create/make] jobs .

Steady and sustained economic growth will generate jobs that last .
steady and sustained economic growth will [create/make] jobs that last .

Labour will pull together the present unco-ordinated initiatives into a coherent urban programme which will strengthen local economies , generate jobs and improve the quality of people 's lives .
labour will pull together the present unco-ordinated initiatives into a coherent urban programme which will strengthen local economies , [create/make] jobs and improve the quality of people 's lives .

For a drop of 75 feet , a flow of 100,000 gallons per hour would have been necessary to generate the 25 h.p .
for a drop of 75 feet , a flow of 100,000 gallons per hour would have been necessary to [create/make] the 25 h.p .

On page 42 we will see the significance of this in helping to generate one of the world 's most important oceanographic and climatological phenomena , the warm southern ocean current known as El Niño .
on page 42 we will see the significance of this in helping to [create/make] one of the world 's most important oceanographic and climatological phenomena , the warm southern ocean current known as el niño .

Rather , if left alone , one tonne of diatoms could quickly generate millions of tonnes of edible material .
rather , if left alone , one tonne of diatoms could quickly [create/make] millions of tonnes of edible material .

Many creatures of all kinds — worms , molluscs , fish — are able to generate light by various chemical means ; the depths are often illuminated , at least in flashes , by this bioluminescence .
many creatures of all kinds — worms , molluscs , fish — are able to [create/make] light by various chemical means ; the depths are often illuminated , at least in flashes , by this bioluminescence .

Many deepwater creatures stay in touch with each other or lure their prey through bioluminescence : pigments that generate light .
many deepwater creatures stay in touch with each other or lure their prey through bioluminescence : pigments that [create/make] light .

They remove dead timber , they are wonderful architects , and they generate methane gas , which contributes to the greenhouse effect .
they remove dead timber , they are wonderful architects , and they [create/make] methane gas , which contributes to the greenhouse effect .

As their gut bacteria ferment cellulose , they generate methane gas , which escapes from the rear ends of the insects .
as their gut bacteria ferment cellulose , they [create/make] methane gas , which escapes from the rear ends of the insects .

Cosmic rays strike against atoms in the atmosphere as they pass through , and thus generate more charged particles and other forms of energy , and it is these secondary radiations that reach the Earth 's surface .
cosmic rays strike against atoms in the atmosphere as they pass through , and thus [create/make] more charged particles and other forms of energy , and it is these secondary radiations that reach the earth 's surface .

they help unfreeze fixed ways of thinking and generate new or more ways of tackling a problem
they help unfreeze fixed ways of thinking and [create/make] new or more ways of tackling a problem

Learning about crucial matters to do with one 's own job or work environment from sources such as the grapevine , or via newspapers , rather than from management , is bound to generate resentment and mistrust .
learning about crucial matters to do with one 's own job or work environment from sources such as the grapevine , or via newspapers , rather than from management , is bound to [create/make] resentment and mistrust .

After Black Monday , large firms like Shearson have built up their corporate finance departments and relied increasingly on them to generate earnings .
after black monday , large firms like shearson have built up their corporate finance departments and relied increasingly on them to [create/make] earnings .

One is to shop around the electricity companies and the other is to generate it yourself .
one is to shop around the electricity companies and the other is to [create/make] it yourself .

Where cast-iron columns support timber beams , the exposed surfaces of the beams may char , but they do not expand and generate lateral movements on columns as might steel beams or iron beams .
where cast-iron columns support timber beams , the exposed surfaces of the beams may char , but they do not expand and [create/make] lateral movements on columns as might steel beams or iron beams .

Secondly , the third-floor accommodation , lit only by the small clerestory windows of the nave ( composed of shallower paired lancets ) , managed to obtain the necessary amount of daylight from the glazing being placed at the rear of the original traceried stonework where the splayed internal window-revels generate an area exposed to daylight which is larger than the window area seen from outside ( Fig 46 ) .
secondly , the third-floor accommodation , lit only by the small clerestory windows of the nave ( composed of shallower paired lancets ) , managed to obtain the necessary amount of daylight from the glazing being placed at the rear of the original traceried stonework where the splayed internal window-revels [create/make] an area exposed to daylight which is larger than the window area seen from outside ( fig 46 ) .

The time spent getting to know other Berlin servicemen away from the more common disciplined environment is good for both sides , and helps to generate a good relationship between the police and the military community .
the time spent getting to know other berlin servicemen away from the more common disciplined environment is good for both sides , and helps to [create/make] a good relationship between the police and the military community .

Or producers have not been sufficiently provocative and challenging in their discussions with screenwriters , failing to generate the levels of energy required to maximize a script 's possibilities .
or producers have not been sufficiently provocative and challenging in their discussions with screenwriters , failing to [create/make] the levels of energy required to maximize a script 's possibilities .

But , despite this ability to pick up on new innovations , and add refinements of their own , neither Paul nor any of the other pioneers found the backup necessary to generate significant leaps forward in the manufacture of equipment or the films themselves .
but , despite this ability to pick up on new innovations , and add refinements of their own , neither paul nor any of the other pioneers found the backup necessary to [create/make] significant leaps forward in the manufacture of equipment or the films themselves .

The low intensity of these rural idylls shows up the problems created by the failure of the commercially-minded companies to generate anything other than fusty , studio-bound melodramas , as unsuccessful in their way as the airy , de-sensationalized productions of their more creative competitors .
the low intensity of these rural idylls shows up the problems created by the failure of the commercially-minded companies to [create/make] anything other than fusty , studio-bound melodramas , as unsuccessful in their way as the airy , de-sensationalized productions of their more creative competitors .

They and their colleagues are particularly eager to generate interest among the young .
they and their colleagues are particularly eager to [create/make] interest among the young .

Her shows , which generate something of the atmosphere of rock concerts , with her interpretations of fashion 's greatest hits of the past 25 years , are rampantly sexy and commercial .
her shows , which [create/make] something of the atmosphere of rock concerts , with her interpretations of fashion 's greatest hits of the past 25 years , are rampantly sexy and commercial .

The alehouse in its most basic form was simply a domestic building where ale was sold to generate additional income for the household , although David Lupton observed in 1632 that the alehouse keeper ‘ defies a wine tavern as an upstart outlandish fellow , and suspects the wine to be poisoned .
the alehouse in its most basic form was simply a domestic building where ale was sold to [create/make] additional income for the household , although david lupton observed in 1632 that the alehouse keeper ‘ defies a wine tavern as an upstart outlandish fellow , and suspects the wine to be poisoned .

Because summer schools generate enormous interest overseas , there is nearly always a strong emphasis on the classical theatre , usually on Shakespeare , and there will quite probably be classes on classical texts and mini-production exercises arising from these .
because summer schools [create/make] enormous interest overseas , there is nearly always a strong emphasis on the classical theatre , usually on shakespeare , and there will quite probably be classes on classical texts and mini-production exercises arising from these .

Even those who most strongly advocate their use as research tools would admit that we do not know exactly what neural processes generate them and that any particular fluctuation will be the result of a multiplicity of different kinds of changes occurring in several different and possibly independent systems .
even those who most strongly advocate their use as research tools would admit that we do not know exactly what neural processes [create/make] them and that any particular fluctuation will be the result of a multiplicity of different kinds of changes occurring in several different and possibly independent systems .

Empirical observations may generate laws that correlate one type of experience with another ; but can they take us ‘ beneath ’ experience to its basis ?
empirical observations may [create/make] laws that correlate one type of experience with another ; but can they take us ‘ beneath ’ experience to its basis ?

To assert this is merely to reiterate a point that should be obvious : that science , however sophisticated its instrumentation , can not generate observations that somehow enable us to look at the relationship between experience and the world as it were from outside of experience .
to assert this is merely to reiterate a point that should be obvious : that science , however sophisticated its instrumentation , can not [create/make] observations that somehow enable us to look at the relationship between experience and the world as it were from outside of experience .

Below that speed it is impossible to generate sufficient lift to overload the weak link .
below that speed it is impossible to [create/make] sufficient lift to overload the weak link .

This gives an approximate value to work to , so a 20-year-old will aim to generate a pulse rate of 175 beats per minute for a period of 20 minutes or so .
this gives an approximate value to work to , so a 20-year-old will aim to [create/make] a pulse rate of 175 beats per minute for a period of 20 minutes or so .

Where the opponent does not advance on to your kick , you should generate extra range and power by sliding forwards slightly on the supporting leg as the kicking knee rises .
where the opponent does not advance on to your kick , you should [create/make] extra range and power by sliding forwards slightly on the supporting leg as the kicking knee rises .

This peculiar action is responsible for giving the kick its unique feature , that is the ability to generate tremendous power from a very short action .
this peculiar action is responsible for giving the kick its unique feature , that is the ability to [create/make] tremendous power from a very short action .

The trick , then , is to generate sufficient power without over-committing .
the trick , then , is to [create/make] sufficient power without over-committing .

You must have predominantly fast-twitch , white fibres in your muscles to generate really fast , explosive action .
you must have predominantly fast-twitch , white fibres in your muscles to [create/make] really fast , explosive action .

Amnesty 's major Sri Lanka ( September-December 1990 ) succeeded , against considerable obstacles , in bringing the tragedy of Sri Lanka to the attention of the world , and helped generate some fresh signs of change . By Peter Nicholls
amnesty 's major sri lanka ( september-december 1990 ) succeeded , against considerable obstacles , in bringing the tragedy of sri lanka to the attention of the world , and helped [create/make] some fresh signs of change . by peter nicholls

Cohen ( 1973 ) describes how , at specific times , certain public crimes generate ‘ moral panics ’ directed at ‘ folk devils ’ or scapegoat groups .
cohen ( 1973 ) describes how , at specific times , certain public crimes [create/make] ‘ moral panics ’ directed at ‘ folk devils ’ or scapegoat groups .

In order to achieve this they seem certain to continue to deny close analysis of their practices , for exposure could well generate the potential to contest the system by releasing knowledge to those the system was set up to control .
in order to achieve this they seem certain to continue to deny close analysis of their practices , for exposure could well [create/make] the potential to contest the system by releasing knowledge to those the system was set up to control .

Some of the forty-three police units now have visibly autocratic chief officers who consistently spell out their public accountability yet pursue very personal perceptions of what they consider to be disorderly and what needs to be controlled , and such constructions of reality generate systems which enforce power differently from force to force .
some of the forty-three police units now have visibly autocratic chief officers who consistently spell out their public accountability yet pursue very personal perceptions of what they consider to be disorderly and what needs to be controlled , and such constructions of reality [create/make] systems which enforce power differently from force to force .

For example , it can be argued the expansion into amalgamated police units has enlarged the organization to a point where it is no longer accessible to the man in the street ; alternatively , it may be that the use of a centralized computer and complex technical aids has alienated the public even at the same time they are increasingly fed a diet of violent news snippets which reinforce a fear of crime and generate another ‘ folk devil ’ of criminal menace , which demands the impossible : a policeman on every corner .
for example , it can be argued the expansion into amalgamated police units has enlarged the organization to a point where it is no longer accessible to the man in the street ; alternatively , it may be that the use of a centralized computer and complex technical aids has alienated the public even at the same time they are increasingly fed a diet of violent news snippets which reinforce a fear of crime and [create/make] another ‘ folk devil ’ of criminal menace , which demands the impossible : a policeman on every corner .

By consciously using subjectivity as a research tool , the insider is peculiarly placed to generate what Geertz ( 1976 ) described as ‘ an inward conceptual rhythm ’ , moving between the particular and the general .
by consciously using subjectivity as a research tool , the insider is peculiarly placed to [create/make] what geertz ( 1976 ) described as ‘ an inward conceptual rhythm ’ , moving between the particular and the general .

Occasionally , however , the insider is moved across a new boundary severe enough to create a rite of separation and provide the scope for an introspective analysis to generate something akin to a new vision .
occasionally , however , the insider is moved across a new boundary severe enough to create a rite of separation and provide the scope for an introspective analysis to [create/make] something akin to a new vision .

As the natural brewing process has been halted , the beer can not generate its own carbon dioxide .
as the natural brewing process has been halted , the beer can not [create/make] its own carbon dioxide .

‘ It must also be noted that the computer systems generate information and it is how this information is used that influences the returns on the total package .
‘ it must also be noted that the computer systems [create/make] information and it is how this information is used that influences the returns on the total package .

The imperfections of our parents cause us to generate compensatory emotions that go on influencing us throughout life .
the imperfections of our parents cause us to [create/make] compensatory emotions that go on influencing us throughout life .

New uses may generate traffic — particularly heavy traffic which may not be welcomed by local residents .
new uses may [create/make] traffic — particularly heavy traffic which may not be welcomed by local residents .

Plans for conversion into a banking hall and offices are probably the most acceptable so far in that they would involve minimal disruption to the interior and would generate the large sums needed to repair the building fully .
plans for conversion into a banking hall and offices are probably the most acceptable so far in that they would involve minimal disruption to the interior and would [create/make] the large sums needed to repair the building fully .

At the same time , people began to discover that irradiation not only arrests the growth of some cancers , but can have the opposite effect and generate new cancers in tissues which received excessive exposure .
at the same time , people began to discover that irradiation not only arrests the growth of some cancers , but can have the opposite effect and [create/make] new cancers in tissues which received excessive exposure .

Short of a situation of mass genocide ( Kampuchea or Idi Amin 's Uganda ) individual peoples have to be left to fight their own battles , if they are to generate genuine and lasting solu tions for their own futures .
short of a situation of mass genocide ( kampuchea or idi amin 's uganda ) individual peoples have to be left to fight their own battles , if they are to [create/make] genuine and lasting solu tions for their own futures .

For the families and individuals this means that they depend for their electricity on what they can generate for themselves , grow much of their own food and recycle their own wastes .
for the families and individuals this means that they depend for their electricity on what they can [create/make] for themselves , grow much of their own food and recycle their own wastes .

Lovins dismissed the development of nuclear power as the primary source of energy for industrial growth in the developing world , by estimating that in order to generate the level of energy pro-nuclear scientists were calling for , a new plant would have to come on stream every eleven hours throughout 54 years of actual construction , a financial impossibility .
lovins dismissed the development of nuclear power as the primary source of energy for industrial growth in the developing world , by estimating that in order to [create/make] the level of energy pro-nuclear scientists were calling for , a new plant would have to come on stream every eleven hours throughout 54 years of actual construction , a financial impossibility .

Banks of single-crystal silicon solar cells embedded on its upper body flank can generate up to 1.4kW of power , according to Honda .
banks of single-crystal silicon solar cells embedded on its upper body flank can [create/make] up to 1.4kw of power , according to honda .

Qualitative research to generate ideas for new products .
qualitative research to [create/make] ideas for new products .

It becomes a ‘ cash cow ’ business in that you generate a lot of money from existing assets , with minimum investment .
it becomes a ‘ cash cow ’ business in that you [create/make] a lot of money from existing assets , with minimum investment .

Since that time the productivity of the top 20 per cent of farmers has been sustained with a continuous record of technical improvement ; about 40 per cent have maintained a level of productivity which enables them to generate an acceptable income ; and a further 40 per cent have continued to produce enough for their own household 's subsistence requirements .
since that time the productivity of the top 20 per cent of farmers has been sustained with a continuous record of technical improvement ; about 40 per cent have maintained a level of productivity which enables them to [create/make] an acceptable income ; and a further 40 per cent have continued to produce enough for their own household 's subsistence requirements .

Although some farmers are adopting more intensive systems of production this is not yet at a fast enough rate to generate the large increases in marketed output necessary to feed the towns , where the population is growing at over 6 per cent per year .
although some farmers are adopting more intensive systems of production this is not yet at a fast enough rate to [create/make] the large increases in marketed output necessary to feed the towns , where the population is growing at over 6 per cent per year .

If initiatives of this kind are sustained , and matched by measures which increase the informals ' security once they are in business , the sector can certainly gather greater strength and has the potential to generate jobs almost as fast as the urban population grows , but at very low levels of income , and in the form of enterprises where investment and technology is minimal .
if initiatives of this kind are sustained , and matched by measures which increase the informals ' security once they are in business , the sector can certainly gather greater strength and has the potential to [create/make] jobs almost as fast as the urban population grows , but at very low levels of income , and in the form of enterprises where investment and technology is minimal .

In spite of the nationalizations of the 1960s and 1970s the stock of capital of foreign investors continues to generate about one-fifth of Africa 's gross national product .
in spite of the nationalizations of the 1960s and 1970s the stock of capital of foreign investors continues to [create/make] about one-fifth of africa 's gross national product .

Nevertheless , this sector has the potential to generate employment at a rate close to the rate of growth of the urban population , but at very low levels of income .
nevertheless , this sector has the potential to [create/make] employment at a rate close to the rate of growth of the urban population , but at very low levels of income .

In fact , the individual migrants who participate in this urban migration manage to generate income which is more attractive to them than the income they would have earned by remaining in the rural areas .
in fact , the individual migrants who participate in this urban migration manage to [create/make] income which is more attractive to them than the income they would have earned by remaining in the rural areas .

In this situation it will be difficult to generate manufactured or processed exports since the expertise to produce competitively for international markets will be in short supply , though some countries such as Zimbabwe will be able to build on their existing export base .
in this situation it will be difficult to [create/make] manufactured or processed exports since the expertise to produce competitively for international markets will be in short supply , though some countries such as zimbabwe will be able to build on their existing export base .

The combination seems to point to some underlying form of ‘ essential history ’ of which each individual provides his variant but which can only be hinted at , not revealed , because when the voices join across time they never quite marry , though their coming together is an attempt to generate something which like a collective emotion is necessarily felt as something more than the experience of the individual , as something dominant and external ' .
the combination seems to point to some underlying form of ‘ essential history ’ of which each individual provides his variant but which can only be hinted at , not revealed , because when the voices join across time they never quite marry , though their coming together is an attempt to [create/make] something which like a collective emotion is necessarily felt as something more than the experience of the individual , as something dominant and external ' .

So despite the speculations of sociologists , television did not trivialize the news nor generate alienation and apathy .
so despite the speculations of sociologists , television did not trivialize the news nor [create/make] alienation and apathy .

Speaking to the Senate Finance Committee yesterday , Mr Baker said that a rouble convertible with other currencies was ‘ necessary ’ to generate market competition within the Soviet Union and to integrate the country 's economy with that of the rest of the world .
speaking to the senate finance committee yesterday , mr baker said that a rouble convertible with other currencies was ‘ necessary ’ to [create/make] market competition within the soviet union and to integrate the country 's economy with that of the rest of the world .

Developers should pay for the cost of the additional traffic that they generate .
developers should pay for the cost of the additional traffic that they [create/make] .

Scientists worldwide are facing the ever-increasing dilemma of how to handle vast quantities of data that advances in high technology have made it possible to generate .
scientists worldwide are facing the ever-increasing dilemma of how to handle vast quantities of data that advances in high technology have made it possible to [create/make] .

We know of no program that can generate printed output of comparable quality .
we know of no program that can [create/make] printed output of comparable quality .

It is also possible to generate animated rotation sequences and , using the mouse , to translate and rotate wireframe models interactively and modify their bond parameters .
it is also possible to [create/make] animated rotation sequences and , using the mouse , to translate and rotate wireframe models interactively and modify their bond parameters .

Not only had the farm to generate a living wage but it had also to provide the necessary capital for reinvestment in the business .
not only had the farm to [create/make] a living wage but it had also to provide the necessary capital for reinvestment in the business .

The energy could then be used either to generate electricity ( eg in a photoelectrochemical cell equipped with a light-sensitive semiconducting electrode ) or chemicals ( eg by photochemically splitting water into hydrogen and oxygen ) .
the energy could then be used either to [create/make] electricity ( eg in a photoelectrochemical cell equipped with a light-sensitive semiconducting electrode ) or chemicals ( eg by photochemically splitting water into hydrogen and oxygen ) .

Furthermore , with a growing public awareness of the need to protect the environment and generate crop production systems that are sustainable , the social and political climate is right for the development of biocontrol .
furthermore , with a growing public awareness of the need to protect the environment and [create/make] crop production systems that are sustainable , the social and political climate is right for the development of biocontrol .

Turbines driven by natural steam generate electricity from there , and because California 's laws require the state to buy as much ‘ green ’ energy as it can before fossil fuel power is bought , the plant sells all the electricty it can produce .
turbines driven by natural steam [create/make] electricity from there , and because california 's laws require the state to buy as much ‘ green ’ energy as it can before fossil fuel power is bought , the plant sells all the electricty it can produce .

The focus of social work shifts from a concern with achieving personal change to social change , so the targets of intervention become the economic , social , and political processes which generate social problems .
the focus of social work shifts from a concern with achieving personal change to social change , so the targets of intervention become the economic , social , and political processes which [create/make] social problems .

The complex and damaging situations of many of these families and the degree of anxiety they generate in health and welfare agencies increase the likelihood of statutory interventions ( Dingwall et al .
the complex and damaging situations of many of these families and the degree of anxiety they [create/make] in health and welfare agencies increase the likelihood of statutory interventions ( dingwall et al .

The emphasis on the needs and best interests of the child in legislation , plus the traditional , case-based , local government structure of accountability generate a model of practice which focuses on the individual child and family .
the emphasis on the needs and best interests of the child in legislation , plus the traditional , case-based , local government structure of accountability [create/make] a model of practice which focuses on the individual child and family .

However , differences apart , the clear similarities in the issues surrounding the residential care of children in the three different countries suggest common situations in urbanized , wealthy West European societies that generate both the difficult candidates and the problems of meeting their needs effectively .
however , differences apart , the clear similarities in the issues surrounding the residential care of children in the three different countries suggest common situations in urbanized , wealthy west european societies that [create/make] both the difficult candidates and the problems of meeting their needs effectively .

Most of New Zealand 's electricity is produced hydro-electrically and New Zealand is also at the forefront of geothermal energy utilisation where steam and hot water are used to generate electricity and also for direct industrial application .
most of new zealand 's electricity is produced hydro-electrically and new zealand is also at the forefront of geothermal energy utilisation where steam and hot water are used to [create/make] electricity and also for direct industrial application .

Oil is the most versatile , flexible and valuable of the primary fuels and part of the process of improved use of energy over the past decade has been for users to switch to other fuels to generate heat , thus saving oil for the transportation and speciality uses for which there are no cost effective substitutes .
oil is the most versatile , flexible and valuable of the primary fuels and part of the process of improved use of energy over the past decade has been for users to switch to other fuels to [create/make] heat , thus saving oil for the transportation and speciality uses for which there are no cost effective substitutes .

This will generate at a cost of 10 pence per kilowatt-hour but the Department of Energy has stated that 20 to 30 such aerogenerators could produce electricity for one-third of this cost .
this will [create/make] at a cost of 10 pence per kilowatt-hour but the department of energy has stated that 20 to 30 such aerogenerators could produce electricity for one-third of this cost .

One advantage of wind power is that it would tend to generate best when weather is bad which is also the time of peak need for electricity in many countries .
one advantage of wind power is that it would tend to [create/make] best when weather is bad which is also the time of peak need for electricity in many countries .

The use of sunlight to generate electricity is being vigorously pursued — a great deal of money is being invested in the improvement of photovoltaic cell technology .
the use of sunlight to [create/make] electricity is being vigorously pursued — a great deal of money is being invested in the improvement of photovoltaic cell technology .

Drilling down to where rocks are at high temperatures , excavating a large cavity , then pumping down a fluid which could be vaporised and used to generate electricity , could give geothermal energy a wide application but involves the development of new technology .
drilling down to where rocks are at high temperatures , excavating a large cavity , then pumping down a fluid which could be vaporised and used to [create/make] electricity , could give geothermal energy a wide application but involves the development of new technology .

Angela McRobbie 's early piece , ‘ Jackie : An Ideology of Adolescent Femininity ’ , used textual analysis to generate an account of a powerfully coercive text , profoundly influencing susceptible readers .
angela mcrobbie 's early piece , ‘ jackie : an ideology of adolescent femininity ’ , used textual analysis to [create/make] an account of a powerfully coercive text , profoundly influencing susceptible readers .

Kenny Wilson moved up and Henry Edwards came on to the flank and the disruptions partially explained why Boroughmuir were unable to generate forward momentum .
kenny wilson moved up and henry edwards came on to the flank and the disruptions partially explained why boroughmuir were unable to [create/make] forward momentum .

‘ The end result is likely to be fewer farms and fewer farmers able to generate an economically and socially acceptable income from farm production alone , ’ says the report , Unemployment in Europe .
‘ the end result is likely to be fewer farms and fewer farmers able to [create/make] an economically and socially acceptable income from farm production alone , ’ says the report , unemployment in europe .

Dairy cows of superior genetic merit generate margins up to 30% higher , regardless of the feeding and management methods used .
dairy cows of superior genetic merit [create/make] margins up to 30% higher , regardless of the feeding and management methods used .

Generally big-capacity engines have more cylinders , as smaller pistons/valves weigh less , are easier to control and generate less vibration .
generally big-capacity engines have more cylinders , as smaller pistons/valves weigh less , are easier to control and [create/make] less vibration .

It was only after a trip to Italy in early 1932 , to see how fascism operated there , and with the support of Lord Rothermere and the Daily Mail , that Mosley renewed his efforts to form a new party designed to instil discipline into the nation , to generate a ‘ classless brotherhood ’ and to meet the challenge of communism .
it was only after a trip to italy in early 1932 , to see how fascism operated there , and with the support of lord rothermere and the daily mail , that mosley renewed his efforts to form a new party designed to instil discipline into the nation , to [create/make] a ‘ classless brotherhood ’ and to meet the challenge of communism .

Every year , young people here generate skills that range from fashion and film to scratch-mixing , graphic design and club promotion .
every year , young people here [create/make] skills that range from fashion and film to scratch-mixing , graphic design and club promotion .

‘ In addition to one-off orders , ’ says Taiwo , ‘ clothes parties generate good word-of-mouth .
‘ in addition to one-off orders , ’ says taiwo , ‘ clothes parties [create/make] good word-of-mouth .

The processes that generate information about an object within a museum are many and varied , raising problems of both theory and practice , particularly when a major institution considers computerising this information .
the processes that [create/make] information about an object within a museum are many and varied , raising problems of both theory and practice , particularly when a major institution considers computerising this information .

All these processes generate and use documentation .
all these processes [create/make] and use documentation .

‘ … the main idea is that social phenomena are seen as existing in relation to each other , and continually developing in and through such relations so as to form at various phases contradictory forces that generate qualitatively new formations .
‘ … the main idea is that social phenomena are seen as existing in relation to each other , and continually developing in and through such relations so as to form at various phases contradictory forces that [create/make] qualitatively new formations .

The opening of Leçon de choses , significantly entitled ‘ Générique ’ , can almost be said to provide a poetics of the autonomous , self-referential text , such is the emphasis upon the creative power of words : a description is composed which will generate the text as a whole and which also acts as a self-reflexive commentary on this process .
the opening of leçon de choses , significantly entitled ‘ générique ’ , can almost be said to provide a poetics of the autonomous , self-referential text , such is the emphasis upon the creative power of words : a description is composed which will [create/make] the text as a whole and which also acts as a self-reflexive commentary on this process .

It was mistakenly assumed that this trend represented a return to more traditional literary values ; an examination of such works reveals a postmodernist contestation of the conventional boundaries between genres and an intertextual mixture of writings , of which the fragmented subjectivity of the writer was itself a discourse capable of being plundered in order to generate text .
it was mistakenly assumed that this trend represented a return to more traditional literary values ; an examination of such works reveals a postmodernist contestation of the conventional boundaries between genres and an intertextual mixture of writings , of which the fragmented subjectivity of the writer was itself a discourse capable of being plundered in order to [create/make] text .

It will be recalled that , according to this theory , a stimulus is held to be fully effective only when it is able to generate the Al ( primary activation ) state in the node that constitutes its central representation .
it will be recalled that , according to this theory , a stimulus is held to be fully effective only when it is able to [create/make] the al ( primary activation ) state in the node that constitutes its central representation .

It will be apparent that this model can readily generate the prediction that latent inhibition will be ( to some extent ) context-specific .
it will be apparent that this model can readily [create/make] the prediction that latent inhibition will be ( to some extent ) context-specific .

Finally , it proves possible to generate an associative explanation for context-specificity .
finally , it proves possible to [create/make] an associative explanation for context-specificity .

Its purpose is to examine in detail the various experimental procedures that have been said to demonstrate acquired distinctiveness and to determine which generate reliable effects that are not to be explained away in other terms .
its purpose is to examine in detail the various experimental procedures that have been said to demonstrate acquired distinctiveness and to determine which [create/make] reliable effects that are not to be explained away in other terms .

This will generate a lot of money — we are talking in figures of £150,000 at least .
this will [create/make] a lot of money — we are talking in figures of £150,000 at least .

Other factors included wages , rents and the uniform business rate , which all added to the company 's overheads , and the recession in the retail trade , which forced the company to slash prices to generate demand .
other factors included wages , rents and the uniform business rate , which all added to the company 's overheads , and the recession in the retail trade , which forced the company to slash prices to [create/make] demand .

As the beer can not generate its own carbon dioxide it would be flat and lifeless so it is racked not into casks but into pressurised containers known as kegs .
as the beer can not [create/make] its own carbon dioxide it would be flat and lifeless so it is racked not into casks but into pressurised containers known as kegs .

The history of the past 30 years in brewing has been dominated by the emergence of a handful of giant national companies — Bass , Allied , Whitbread , GrandMet/Watney , Courage , and Scottish & Newcastle — driven by a need to maximise profit rather than concentrating on high quality products that also generate a good return .
the history of the past 30 years in brewing has been dominated by the emergence of a handful of giant national companies — bass , allied , whitbread , grandmet/watney , courage , and scottish & newcastle — driven by a need to maximise profit rather than concentrating on high quality products that also [create/make] a good return .

Employee fundraising appears to be an increasingly popular option and whilst it involves a lot more work than a straight donation it has the ability to generate longer term grass roots support amongst employees .
employee fundraising appears to be an increasingly popular option and whilst it involves a lot more work than a straight donation it has the ability to [create/make] longer term grass roots support amongst employees .

Fig. 2 . Binary tree to generate variable length codes
fig. 2 . binary tree to [create/make] variable length codes

To accompany the cross assembler a linker will perform the usual task of allocating addresses to the assembled code modules and attaching the run-time libraries to generate an executable program .
to accompany the cross assembler a linker will perform the usual task of allocating addresses to the assembled code modules and attaching the run-time libraries to [create/make] an executable program .

Cost-improvement programmes , which are meant to generate internal savings , are proving far harder to deliver , finance officers say .
cost-improvement programmes , which are meant to [create/make] internal savings , are proving far harder to deliver , finance officers say .

On the brighter side , there are those younger and more active lecturers who do their duty and generate performance-indicators in the form of books and articles .
on the brighter side , there are those younger and more active lecturers who do their duty and [create/make] performance-indicators in the form of books and articles .

Other factors , like the institutional need to advance knowledge , to publish , to engage in research , and generate performanceindicators , would remain , whatever new academic structures emerged .
other factors , like the institutional need to advance knowledge , to publish , to engage in research , and [create/make] performanceindicators , would remain , whatever new academic structures emerged .

ls the opening to generate atmosphere and mood , to establish the location , time of day and/or period which will give an air of reality ?
ls the opening to [create/make] atmosphere and mood , to establish the location , time of day and/or period which will give an air of reality ?

It will be offered at a price of $ 70million-plus into a booming sector of the market for civil aircraft , which is expected to generate $ 110billion of sales by the year 2005 .
it will be offered at a price of $ 70million-plus into a booming sector of the market for civil aircraft , which is expected to [create/make] $ 110billion of sales by the year 2005 .

The main concern now is whether it can generate enough advertising revenue in a more competitive market to stave off programming and scheduling compromises to make it more popular and to build its audience .
the main concern now is whether it can [create/make] enough advertising revenue in a more competitive market to stave off programming and scheduling compromises to make it more popular and to build its audience .

The head who goes about the job with tremendous enthusiasm and courtesy is likely to generate these attributes in other members of staff .
the head who goes about the job with tremendous enthusiasm and courtesy is likely to [create/make] these attributes in other members of staff .

An attractive dining area will enhance the appearance of the school and could turn out to be a much sought after local resource that will generate revenue for the school through after school lettings .
an attractive dining area will enhance the appearance of the school and could turn out to be a much sought after local resource that will [create/make] revenue for the school through after school lettings .

We have all felt the frustration of dealing with institutions and bureaucracy — receiving the institutional brush off , the failure to generate a spark of interest or concern , knowing that nothing will be done and nothing change in response to your grievance .
we have all felt the frustration of dealing with institutions and bureaucracy — receiving the institutional brush off , the failure to [create/make] a spark of interest or concern , knowing that nothing will be done and nothing change in response to your grievance .

Reorganisation of classes so that they contain children of more than one age range , changes in swimming or peripatetic music provision are typical of matters which can generate a great deal of heat .
reorganisation of classes so that they contain children of more than one age range , changes in swimming or peripatetic music provision are typical of matters which can [create/make] a great deal of heat .

Schools are prevented by law from charging for the curriculum , including charging pupils and their parents directly for school trips and visits , yet on the other hand schools are encouraged to generate as much revenue as they possibly can .
schools are prevented by law from charging for the curriculum , including charging pupils and their parents directly for school trips and visits , yet on the other hand schools are encouraged to [create/make] as much revenue as they possibly can .

In some LEAs school budgets contain a notional element of funding which the school ought to generate through hire of the premises , the school that is unable or unwilling to generate lettings is in effect financially penalised .
in some leas school budgets contain a notional element of funding which the school ought to [create/make] through hire of the premises , the school that is unable or unwilling to [create/make] lettings is in effect financially penalised .

The response to the dilemma by a growing number of schools is to completely abandon the sale of food at breaks and to look to other means to generate funds .
the response to the dilemma by a growing number of schools is to completely abandon the sale of food at breaks and to look to other means to [create/make] funds .

But plans , such as Australia 's aim of 20 per cent cuts in carbon dioxide emissions by the year 2005 , mean that everyone should make that 20 per cent cut in the emissions they generate , directly and indirectly .
but plans , such as australia 's aim of 20 per cent cuts in carbon dioxide emissions by the year 2005 , mean that everyone should make that 20 per cent cut in the emissions they [create/make] , directly and indirectly .

They then build the plants required to generate the energy .
they then build the plants required to [create/make] the energy .

His profits climbed as the efficiency of the bulbs increased , and he could sell more lighting as a service , without having to pay to generate more power .
his profits climbed as the efficiency of the bulbs increased , and he could sell more lighting as a service , without having to pay to [create/make] more power .

The environmental impact of such increases in efficiency , however , depends on how you generate the power .
the environmental impact of such increases in efficiency , however , depends on how you [create/make] the power .

This was plainly not part of the agreement and not only was the French government furious but it used the sentence as an excuse to generate public support for Mafart and Prieur on the grounds that they were being unfairly treated by the New Zealand government .
this was plainly not part of the agreement and not only was the french government furious but it used the sentence as an excuse to [create/make] public support for mafart and prieur on the grounds that they were being unfairly treated by the new zealand government .

In the final analysis students , although able to generate new ideas and disseminate them within a limited circle of people , do not have power and are no match for the military .
in the final analysis students , although able to [create/make] new ideas and disseminate them within a limited circle of people , do not have power and are no match for the military .

This articulation , however , does generate its own contradictions .
this articulation , however , does [create/make] its own contradictions .

If this extraordinary statement involved a blindness to reality , it provided no warning of the storm of anger and abuse which my series of articles in The Times was to generate among Israelis and their supporters in Britain .
if this extraordinary statement involved a blindness to reality , it provided no warning of the storm of anger and abuse which my series of articles in the times was to [create/make] among israelis and their supporters in britain .

It must generate enormous resentment .
it must [create/make] enormous resentment .

The authority took the action in order to help generate a convention .
the authority took the action in order to help [create/make] a convention .

The precise course of such relations and the detailed moral requirements they generate depend on the way individuals choose to develop them and the different normative implications with which they deliberately endow the relations .
the precise course of such relations and the detailed moral requirements they [create/make] depend on the way individuals choose to develop them and the different normative implications with which they deliberately endow the relations .

In a nuclear reactor this force is controlled to generate heat instead .
in a nuclear reactor this force is controlled to [create/make] heat instead .

’ Another woman , evidently heavily pregnant , asked simply if there was ‘ any other way to generate electricity that can , by its very nature , potentially reach inside to my foetus and contaminate it before it is born ’ .
’ another woman , evidently heavily pregnant , asked simply if there was ‘ any other way to [create/make] electricity that can , by its very nature , potentially reach inside to my foetus and contaminate it before it is born ’ .

Confined by the cell membrane the cytoplasm contains all the machinery for production of energy and cell growth ; and there are also structures in the cytoplasm which can generate forces to change the shape of the cell , resulting in cell movement .
confined by the cell membrane the cytoplasm contains all the machinery for production of energy and cell growth ; and there are also structures in the cytoplasm which can [create/make] forces to change the shape of the cell , resulting in cell movement .

It has been possible to measure directly the forces that the cells generate during the formation of the neural tube .
it has been possible to measure directly the forces that the cells [create/make] during the formation of the neural tube .

Each process has its own characteristic growth pattern and together these generate the face .
each process has its own characteristic growth pattern and together these [create/make] the face .

He concluded , in the language of the time , that the early sea-urchin was a ‘ harmonious equipotential system ’ in the sense that the parts all functioned so as to generate a normal organism .
he concluded , in the language of the time , that the early sea-urchin was a ‘ harmonious equipotential system ’ in the sense that the parts all functioned so as to [create/make] a normal organism .

The problem is to generate a pattern that looks like a French flag , that is the first third of the line of cells is blue , the middle third is white , and the last third is red .
the problem is to [create/make] a pattern that looks like a french flag , that is the first third of the line of cells is blue , the middle third is white , and the last third is red .

If cells have their position specified as in a coordinate system and also have rules for interpreting the positional information , then it is possible , with the appropriate rules for interpretation , to generate any pattern that is required , from faces — even the Mona Lisa — to limbs .
if cells have their position specified as in a coordinate system and also have rules for interpreting the positional information , then it is possible , with the appropriate rules for interpretation , to [create/make] any pattern that is required , from faces — even the mona lisa — to limbs .

But there is no clear logic to the complex pattern of cell divisions which divide up the egg and generate the worm .
but there is no clear logic to the complex pattern of cell divisions which divide up the egg and [create/make] the worm .

In marked contrast to lineage mechanisms are those mechanisms which might generate pattern spontaneously .
in marked contrast to lineage mechanisms are those mechanisms which might [create/make] pattern spontaneously .

The great advantage in generating patterns in development by such reaction-diffusion mechanisms is that they are self-organizing and so can generate patterns without the complex programming that the interpretation of positional information requires .
the great advantage in generating patterns in development by such reaction-diffusion mechanisms is that they are self-organizing and so can [create/make] patterns without the complex programming that the interpretation of positional information requires .

Growth of this basic pattern is required to generate the mature limb .
growth of this basic pattern is required to [create/make] the mature limb .

In principle , because stem cells are self-renewing , they are , unlike the cells they generate , immortal .
in principle , because stem cells are self-renewing , they are , unlike the cells they [create/make] , immortal .

It is easy to understand the excitement that such new teaching practice could generate .
it is easy to understand the excitement that such new teaching practice could [create/make] .

The wealthy nations of the world generate most of the tourists — the Japanese , Germans , Americans , Scandinavians and British are among the most widely travelled .
the wealthy nations of the world [create/make] most of the tourists — the japanese , germans , americans , scandinavians and british are among the most widely travelled .

‘ Street violence and disorder are solidly entrenched features of the social landscape ’ , argues Pearson , at any rate in capitalist societies which necessarily generate a ‘ residuum ’ , an under-class of the underprivileged and unemployed , unintegrated and potentially threatening to the established and respectable .
‘ street violence and disorder are solidly entrenched features of the social landscape ’ , argues pearson , at any rate in capitalist societies which necessarily [create/make] a ‘ residuum ’ , an under-class of the underprivileged and unemployed , unintegrated and potentially threatening to the established and respectable .

This example of failure to protest may seem too vast in the context of life in Britain in the 1980s and the many smaller , separate issues which now generate domestic protest .
this example of failure to protest may seem too vast in the context of life in britain in the 1980s and the many smaller , separate issues which now [create/make] domestic protest .

Wind turbines can generate electricity for the local community or be part of the national grid , such as the Orkney Islands and Carmarthen Bay .
wind turbines can [create/make] electricity for the local community or be part of the national grid , such as the orkney islands and carmarthen bay .

Some say efficient incineration is preferable to landfill as it can generate heat and electricity .
some say efficient incineration is preferable to landfill as it can [create/make] heat and electricity .

Plastics , wood and chlorine are just some of the components of waste which , when burnt , generate compounds called dioxins , extremely toxic substances which are known to cause cancer in animals .
plastics , wood and chlorine are just some of the components of waste which , when burnt , [create/make] compounds called dioxins , extremely toxic substances which are known to cause cancer in animals .

Having borrowed money to maintain their vast estates they found that the estates were too inefficient to generate the income to pay back the loans .
having borrowed money to maintain their vast estates they found that the estates were too inefficient to [create/make] the income to pay back the loans .

The comparative lateness of German industrialisation meant that German capital had neither outlets in the colonies nor a slave trade to generate the further capital necessary to finance industrial development .
the comparative lateness of german industrialisation meant that german capital had neither outlets in the colonies nor a slave trade to [create/make] the further capital necessary to finance industrial development .

The Prussians could not industrialise the east because local commerce did not generate profits large enough to finance industrial investment , and because local agriculture could not support the bulk of the population at more than subsistence level .
the prussians could not industrialise the east because local commerce did not [create/make] profits large enough to finance industrial investment , and because local agriculture could not support the bulk of the population at more than subsistence level .

Alisdaire Lockhart , Development Director , introduces the campaign to generate new investment funds to support the long-term development aims of the University .
alisdaire lockhart , development director , introduces the campaign to [create/make] new investment funds to support the long-term development aims of the university .

This autumn sees the launch of a ten-year development drive which aims to generate £100 million for capital investment within the University .
this autumn sees the launch of a ten-year development drive which aims to [create/make] £100 million for capital investment within the university .

In the future , we also hope to establish groups of Patrons in North America and the Far East to work with the Bristol Alumni to generate overseas investment .
in the future , we also hope to establish groups of patrons in north america and the far east to work with the bristol alumni to [create/make] overseas investment .

It was decided to generate the samples from referrals to the psychogeriatric service in each borough , partly because it was easier to do that than to draw them from general practitioners ' lists or social services department referrals , but mainly in order to provide the service for people whose illness was likely to be at a relatively advanced stage and who were likely to need extra care if they were to continue to live at home .
it was decided to [create/make] the samples from referrals to the psychogeriatric service in each borough , partly because it was easier to do that than to draw them from general practitioners ' lists or social services department referrals , but mainly in order to provide the service for people whose illness was likely to be at a relatively advanced stage and who were likely to need extra care if they were to continue to live at home .

It is charged with negative ions which generate a feeling of well-being .
it is charged with negative ions which [create/make] a feeling of well-being .

It will generate a debate far beyond the world of those who work with older people .
it will [create/make] a debate far beyond the world of those who work with older people .

Decisions on priorities between these groups can generate some heat , particularly if students come to believe that their needs are taking second place to those of numerically smaller groups of faculty and researchers .
decisions on priorities between these groups can [create/make] some heat , particularly if students come to believe that their needs are taking second place to those of numerically smaller groups of faculty and researchers .

The International Association for the Study of Pain set up a Taxonomy Committee whose first job was to generate an agreed definition of pain .
the international association for the study of pain set up a taxonomy committee whose first job was to [create/make] an agreed definition of pain .

FELs can generate such high powers because the powers-dissipating mechanisms of the conventional laser medium are absent , and the electron beam removes the ‘ waste ’ energy from the laser cavity instantaneously .
fels can [create/make] such high powers because the powers-dissipating mechanisms of the conventional laser medium are absent , and the electron beam removes the ‘ waste ’ energy from the laser cavity instantaneously .

For the same reasons , FELs can generate high quality , nearly diffraction limited , optical beams .
for the same reasons , fels can [create/make] high quality , nearly diffraction limited , optical beams .

Raman FELs that utilise collective electron-radiation interactions and dense electron beams to generate very high powers in the microwave region ; and
raman fels that utilise collective electron-radiation interactions and dense electron beams to [create/make] very high powers in the microwave region ; and

Compton FELs that use high energy electron beams and single particle interactions to generate visible or infrared radiation .
compton fels that use high energy electron beams and single particle interactions to [create/make] visible or infrared radiation .

Capillaries also generate prostacyclin ( Goehlert et al , 1981 ) and studies with cultured cells have demonstrated that it is endothelial cells which are the main source ( Weksler et al , 1977 ) .
capillaries also [create/make] prostacyclin ( goehlert et al , 1981 ) and studies with cultured cells have demonstrated that it is endothelial cells which are the main source ( weksler et al , 1977 ) .

Frequently the analyst does not set out with one of these specific aims in mind , but just applies systems thinking to generate ideas , making use of these ideas in whatever way proves to be of value .
frequently the analyst does not set out with one of these specific aims in mind , but just applies systems thinking to [create/make] ideas , making use of these ideas in whatever way proves to be of value .

It follows that these transformations on their own can not be used to generate genuinely non-colinear solutions from colinear ones .
it follows that these transformations on their own can not be used to [create/make] genuinely non-colinear solutions from colinear ones .

It is then possible that a sequence both of coordinate transformations ( 12.19 ) and Ehlers transformations ( 12.20 ) in the potential space can be applied alternately to generate a further class of solutions with an infinite number of parameters .
it is then possible that a sequence both of coordinate transformations ( 12.19 ) and ehlers transformations ( 12.20 ) in the potential space can be applied alternately to [create/make] a further class of solutions with an infinite number of parameters .

He therefore suggested that it should be possible to generate solutions of Einstein 's equations by using twistor methods to construct self-dual Yang-Mills fields with appropriate symmetries .
he therefore suggested that it should be possible to [create/make] solutions of einstein 's equations by using twistor methods to construct self-dual yang-mills fields with appropriate symmetries .

Woodhouse ( 1989 ) has applied these techniques to generate cylindrical gravitational waves .
woodhouse ( 1989 ) has applied these techniques to [create/make] cylindrical gravitational waves .

Twistor techniques may also be developed to generate colliding plane wave solutions .
twistor techniques may also be developed to [create/make] colliding plane wave solutions .

In such circumstances , it is clearly easier to establish more or less uniform procedures on a more or less informal basis , and to disseminate to the general public the sort of information which will generate trust .
in such circumstances , it is clearly easier to establish more or less uniform procedures on a more or less informal basis , and to disseminate to the general public the sort of information which will [create/make] trust .

As sound principles come to be reflected in legal phrases and in parliamentary orders , and as good intentions begin to generate a huge superstructure of bureaucracy , there are many causes for concern .
as sound principles come to be reflected in legal phrases and in parliamentary orders , and as good intentions begin to [create/make] a huge superstructure of bureaucracy , there are many causes for concern .

So will its ability to generate support , including financial support , from community and commercial organisations , so , most of all , will be its relationship with its governing body .
so will its ability to [create/make] support , including financial support , from community and commercial organisations , so , most of all , will be its relationship with its governing body .

Whilst there are a number of interpretations , the basic purpose of business in our society is to generate profits and create wealth .
whilst there are a number of interpretations , the basic purpose of business in our society is to [create/make] profits and create wealth .

After a thorough investigation as to the source of a phenolic type odour being generated within a newly completed building , several possible sources were identified including foam-backed carpeting laid on concrete floors , which under certain conditions appears to generate this type of odour .
after a thorough investigation as to the source of a phenolic type odour being generated within a newly completed building , several possible sources were identified including foam-backed carpeting laid on concrete floors , which under certain conditions appears to [create/make] this type of odour .

Generate ideas on how the selected issues could be tackled in future , either to maintain a success or to improve a weakness .
[create/make] ideas on how the selected issues could be tackled in future , either to maintain a success or to improve a weakness .

And there were also attempts to generate significant consultation in the structure planning process .
and there were also attempts to [create/make] significant consultation in the structure planning process .

any income the school has been able to generate itself .
any income the school has been able to [create/make] itself .

Such a structure not only enables staff to organise and implement initiatives effectively but also enables them to generate , develop and share their own ideas , practice , problems and solutions , The consultative process being so thorough and involving helps to create a sense of teamwork and community within the school .
such a structure not only enables staff to organise and implement initiatives effectively but also enables them to [create/make] , develop and share their own ideas , practice , problems and solutions , the consultative process being so thorough and involving helps to create a sense of teamwork and community within the school .

Certainly all schools , via their classrooms , halls , gymnasia , grounds and playing fields , certain items of equipment , and perhaps teacher skills , have the potential to generate additional finances in a variety of ways .
certainly all schools , via their classrooms , halls , gymnasia , grounds and playing fields , certain items of equipment , and perhaps teacher skills , have the potential to [create/make] additional finances in a variety of ways .

But it was unlikely to remove what John McQueen called the sense of imprisonment , which might however generate , as it did for Walter Scott and Benjamin Haydon , a determination to escape .
but it was unlikely to remove what john mcqueen called the sense of imprisonment , which might however [create/make] , as it did for walter scott and benjamin haydon , a determination to escape .

New techniques of mass-rearing should generate large numbers .
new techniques of mass-rearing should [create/make] large numbers .

Not only do large animals use less energy per gram of body mass than small ones , they generate more power at faster than at slower speeds .
not only do large animals use less energy per gram of body mass than small ones , they [create/make] more power at faster than at slower speeds .

Its muscles must contract more quickly ; and because its muscles must be of the fast , white variety to achieve this , they cost more , energetically , to generate the force the quail needs in order to run .
its muscles must contract more quickly ; and because its muscles must be of the fast , white variety to achieve this , they cost more , energetically , to [create/make] the force the quail needs in order to run .

That is to say , in place of the regular ‘ Weidoscope ’ pattern of spots that the regular planes of atoms in a single crystal generate , the diffraction pattern of a glass consists of haloes of uniform intensity ( Figure 1 ) .
that is to say , in place of the regular ‘ weidoscope ’ pattern of spots that the regular planes of atoms in a single crystal [create/make] , the diffraction pattern of a glass consists of haloes of uniform intensity ( figure 1 ) .

The Willis Bill , which is due for a second reading in the House of Lords on 6 May , says that anyone who sells , distributes or otherwise manes available am machine capable of reproducing a sound recording or cinematograph film shall be deemed to have authorised infringement of the copyright , in a sound recording or film Although the Bill has little chance of getting any further it will achieve one aim — to generate publicity for the record and film industry 's call for a tax or levy on blank audio and video tape .
the willis bill , which is due for a second reading in the house of lords on 6 may , says that anyone who sells , distributes or otherwise manes available am machine capable of reproducing a sound recording or cinematograph film shall be deemed to have authorised infringement of the copyright , in a sound recording or film although the bill has little chance of getting any further it will achieve one aim — to [create/make] publicity for the record and film industry 's call for a tax or levy on blank audio and video tape .

Figure 1 shows several of the most elementary transformations together with the rules that generate them .
figure 1 shows several of the most elementary transformations together with the rules that [create/make] them .

To complicate matters , microprocessors can themselves generate interference .
to complicate matters , microprocessors can themselves [create/make] interference .

We have seen how the form of the relations between body size and the size of organs or of territory can be used to generate and test hypotheses .
we have seen how the form of the relations between body size and the size of organs or of territory can be used to [create/make] and test hypotheses .

They generate — mock events ’ according to these assumptions and feed them through the analysis chain .
they [create/make] — mock events ’ according to these assumptions and feed them through the analysis chain .

Antineutrons should be hard to miss ; Chupp says they would generate a signal of two billion electron volts , four times the 500 million electron volts of the most energetic neutrons detected .
antineutrons should be hard to miss ; chupp says they would [create/make] a signal of two billion electron volts , four times the 500 million electron volts of the most energetic neutrons detected .

( Ten per cent g is enough to cause structural damage , extreme earthquakes can generate more than 40 per cent g . )
( ten per cent g is enough to cause structural damage , extreme earthquakes can [create/make] more than 40 per cent g . )

The country 's only hope for economic recovery , he claims , is for it to turn to the highly skilled , ‘ sunrise industries ’ that will generate wealth and cope with an expanding welfare bill .
the country 's only hope for economic recovery , he claims , is for it to turn to the highly skilled , ‘ sunrise industries ’ that will [create/make] wealth and cope with an expanding welfare bill .

For digital operation , where the light is simply switched on and off to generate pulses , linearity is not essential .
for digital operation , where the light is simply switched on and off to [create/make] pulses , linearity is not essential .

So there are about 120000 tonnes of shell , and the frugal California Almond Growers Exchange uses it to generate electricity .
so there are about 120000 tonnes of shell , and the frugal california almond growers exchange uses it to [create/make] electricity .

Instead of having the machine score the various positions that could be reached after one play , it could generate and then evaluate all the positions possible after a play and a reply , or a play , a reply and a counter-reply .
instead of having the machine score the various positions that could be reached after one play , it could [create/make] and then evaluate all the positions possible after a play and a reply , or a play , a reply and a counter-reply .

What planetary body could have been sufficiently hot internally to generate igneous magmas so recently ?
what planetary body could have been sufficiently hot internally to [create/make] igneous magmas so recently ?

The first is to generate the molecules as gases , mix them with a large amount of argon and freeze the mixture .
the first is to [create/make] the molecules as gases , mix them with a large amount of argon and freeze the mixture .

The alternative is to generate the molecules within the matrix .
the alternative is to [create/make] the molecules within the matrix .

Thus the abuse of a horse will generate more adverse reaction than similar abuse of a rat or mouse , even though whipping a tired horse is scarcely comparable in ‘ cruelty ’ with using chemically treated bait on rodents to induce lethal internal haemorrhaging .
thus the abuse of a horse will [create/make] more adverse reaction than similar abuse of a rat or mouse , even though whipping a tired horse is scarcely comparable in ‘ cruelty ’ with using chemically treated bait on rodents to induce lethal internal haemorrhaging .

The logic circuitry needed to generate and decode signals of this kind has become available only in the past 10 years or so .
the logic circuitry needed to [create/make] and decode signals of this kind has become available only in the past 10 years or so .

In a tokamak , external windings generate a very strong magnetic field which stabilises the toroidal discharge .
in a tokamak , external windings [create/make] a very strong magnetic field which stabilises the toroidal discharge .

Over time , however , scientists will induce enough generalisations from expert systems to generate a theory of intelligence .
over time , however , scientists will induce enough generalisations from expert systems to [create/make] a theory of intelligence .

Israel wants to generate hydroelectric power by pumping water under the desert to the Dead Sea .
israel wants to [create/make] hydroelectric power by pumping water under the desert to the dead sea .

In it he envisaged linking the two seas to generate electricity , based on the proposals of the engineer Max Bourcart , who wanted the canal to run from Haifa Bay , through the Bet Shean Valley , and then down the Jordan Valley .
in it he envisaged linking the two seas to [create/make] electricity , based on the proposals of the engineer max bourcart , who wanted the canal to run from haifa bay , through the bet shean valley , and then down the jordan valley .

The lower levels get hotter and hotter and store energy which can be used to generate power .
the lower levels get hotter and hotter and store energy which can be used to [create/make] power .

If the matter were investigated deeply enough it could well be established that the pressure required to civilise a human being , and thereby generate a conscience , increases enormously as the time from the birth to the start of the process lengthens .
if the matter were investigated deeply enough it could well be established that the pressure required to civilise a human being , and thereby [create/make] a conscience , increases enormously as the time from the birth to the start of the process lengthens .

To advocate the starting of the process on a very young child might appear to be heartless , but the overriding need to generate within the child mind the beginning of a conscience and the instinctive urge to activate it , must be the guiding factor .
to advocate the starting of the process on a very young child might appear to be heartless , but the overriding need to [create/make] within the child mind the beginning of a conscience and the instinctive urge to activate it , must be the guiding factor .

In anticipation of business users running up large bills , the airtime suppliers give retailers bonuses from £200 to £350 per phone sold , but private buyers wo n't generate enough revenue for it to be economic .
in anticipation of business users running up large bills , the airtime suppliers give retailers bonuses from £200 to £350 per phone sold , but private buyers wo n't [create/make] enough revenue for it to be economic .

So they always have a ready supply of air in their lungs with which to generate clicks and sing songs .
so they always have a ready supply of air in their lungs with which to [create/make] clicks and sing songs .

Random number tables were then used to generate a set of fifty-three imaginary references .
random number tables were then used to [create/make] a set of fifty-three imaginary references .

Whilst the forms of inspiration vary , the individual needs to attune to the ‘ atmosphere ’ of the place , so that it can encourage the artistic and creative faculties to respond and generate output that is deeper , finer and more prolific than otherwise .
whilst the forms of inspiration vary , the individual needs to attune to the ‘ atmosphere ’ of the place , so that it can encourage the artistic and creative faculties to respond and [create/make] output that is deeper , finer and more prolific than otherwise .

More important , he wants to ‘ re-position the company and take it into more up-market areas which will generate higher returns ’ .
more important , he wants to ‘ re-position the company and take it into more up-market areas which will [create/make] higher returns ’ .

Berliner Bank calculates that a successful Olympic bid could generate Dm6 billion in extra social product and tens of thousands of new jobs .
berliner bank calculates that a successful olympic bid could [create/make] dm6 billion in extra social product and tens of thousands of new jobs .

City Lives may eventually generate income as material is published — a book based on the interviews is already in the pipeline .
city lives may eventually [create/make] income as material is published — a book based on the interviews is already in the pipeline .

Since it seems unlikely that we can generate in the foreseeable future materials that are structurally similar to natural tissue , while having the most appropriate functional properties , the possibility has emerged of using traditional or advanced materials as functional substrates and modifying their surfaces , with biological components or their analogues , to provide optimal biocompatibility .
since it seems unlikely that we can [create/make] in the foreseeable future materials that are structurally similar to natural tissue , while having the most appropriate functional properties , the possibility has emerged of using traditional or advanced materials as functional substrates and modifying their surfaces , with biological components or their analogues , to provide optimal biocompatibility .

Graft-coated : ceramic composites that are formed by using reagents that generate free radical sites on the ceramic surface .
graft-coated : ceramic composites that are formed by using reagents that [create/make] free radical sites on the ceramic surface .

The cements that are used in orthopaedic surgery generate heat during setting and do not have the same level of biocompatibility as bioceramics .
the cements that are used in orthopaedic surgery [create/make] heat during setting and do not have the same level of biocompatibility as bioceramics .

These systems are useful practically because they can be easily miniaturised , they can generate a direct electrical output , can give continuous readouts , and they can be used in biofeedback systems .
these systems are useful practically because they can be easily miniaturised , they can [create/make] a direct electrical output , can give continuous readouts , and they can be used in biofeedback systems .

For oxidoreductase enzymes , where the substrate is oxidised or reduced , some insoluble electron mediator may form whole or part of the working electrode to aid electron transfer and generate the current .
for oxidoreductase enzymes , where the substrate is oxidised or reduced , some insoluble electron mediator may form whole or part of the working electrode to aid electron transfer and [create/make] the current .

Here , with a surface immobilisation of an antibody binding of analyte ( antigen ) and antibody can generate a direct change in a surface optical property which can then be examined by the evanescent ( decaying ) wave from the waveguide surface .
here , with a surface immobilisation of an antibody binding of analyte ( antigen ) and antibody can [create/make] a direct change in a surface optical property which can then be examined by the evanescent ( decaying ) wave from the waveguide surface .

Naturally the library should be careful in its choice of business association ( from the point of view of image ) but the advantage of such joint efforts is not only that promotional costs may be saved but they may generate income for the library .
naturally the library should be careful in its choice of business association ( from the point of view of image ) but the advantage of such joint efforts is not only that promotional costs may be saved but they may [create/make] income for the library .

Bills , while being a relatively liquid asset , generate some income for a bank .
bills , while being a relatively liquid asset , [create/make] some income for a bank .

As is to be expected such loans are liquid and generate income .
as is to be expected such loans are liquid and [create/make] income .

Financial intermediaries thus acquire direct financial claims on borrowers and generate the required secondary financial claims to meet the surplus sector 's needs .
financial intermediaries thus acquire direct financial claims on borrowers and [create/make] the required secondary financial claims to meet the surplus sector 's needs .

It might be thought that a larger population would create a larger labour force and market , thereby increasing the level of economic welfare in LDCs ; however , it is essential for other resources ( land , capital and enterprise ) to be available also to generate income and wealth through productive enterprise .
it might be thought that a larger population would create a larger labour force and market , thereby increasing the level of economic welfare in ldcs ; however , it is essential for other resources ( land , capital and enterprise ) to be available also to [create/make] income and wealth through productive enterprise .

It is difficult for low-income LDCs to generate a high level of savings due to the subsistence nature of agriculture and the high propensity ( desire ) to consume — a vicious poverty circle exists .
it is difficult for low-income ldcs to [create/make] a high level of savings due to the subsistence nature of agriculture and the high propensity ( desire ) to consume — a vicious poverty circle exists .

Banks lending to private sector corporations concentrate on cash flow ( cash income and expenditure ) projections to generate questions on the use of potential loan facilities and possible repayment sources .
banks lending to private sector corporations concentrate on cash flow ( cash income and expenditure ) projections to [create/make] questions on the use of potential loan facilities and possible repayment sources .

Various definitions of project finance exist but the key feature to all is the provision of finance for an identifiable project which on completion will hopefully generate an adequate cash flow to service outstanding bank loans and other debt .
various definitions of project finance exist but the key feature to all is the provision of finance for an identifiable project which on completion will hopefully [create/make] an adequate cash flow to service outstanding bank loans and other debt .

Sometimes projects are suggested to the governments of LDCs as part of an overall economic development programme , especially where such projects have the potential to generate export earnings in foreign currencies to service loans provided .
sometimes projects are suggested to the governments of ldcs as part of an overall economic development programme , especially where such projects have the potential to [create/make] export earnings in foreign currencies to service loans provided .

One major consideration in its introduction was an attempt to generate income from schools .
one major consideration in its introduction was an attempt to [create/make] income from schools .

Government approval has been increasingly required for minor projects , which normally can not generate income .
government approval has been increasingly required for minor projects , which normally can not [create/make] income .

These may generate considerable opposition as the current controversy at Avebury suggests .
these may [create/make] considerable opposition as the current controversy at avebury suggests .

Resistant numerical summaries have many desirable properties , as was discussed in chapter 2 , but they can generate an excessive number of zero residuals , and thus give an unrealistically small measure of variability .
resistant numerical summaries have many desirable properties , as was discussed in chapter 2 , but they can [create/make] an excessive number of zero residuals , and thus give an unrealistically small measure of variability .

The development of such ‘ industries ’ has also been facilitated by improved communications and transport as well as the need to generate income in areas that have been adversely affected by the economic recession of the early 1980s or which are unsuitable for other kinds of economic activity such as agriculture .
the development of such ‘ industries ’ has also been facilitated by improved communications and transport as well as the need to [create/make] income in areas that have been adversely affected by the economic recession of the early 1980s or which are unsuitable for other kinds of economic activity such as agriculture .

Similarly , the need to generate foreign currency has stimulated tourism in regions that would have been virtually inaccessible 15 years ago .
similarly , the need to [create/make] foreign currency has stimulated tourism in regions that would have been virtually inaccessible 15 years ago .

Although Pearce has demonstrated that the major generating and receiving nations are developed nations , especially in Europe and North America , there has been a marked increase in tourism to developing countries which is actively encouraged to generate foreign currency .
although pearce has demonstrated that the major generating and receiving nations are developed nations , especially in europe and north america , there has been a marked increase in tourism to developing countries which is actively encouraged to [create/make] foreign currency .

In order to generate interest in his players and their careers , he has become a press and publicity machine .
in order to [create/make] interest in his players and their careers , he has become a press and publicity machine .

The mind can generate its own creative images and it will show us colours and visions that will bewilder our eyes and take us to regions beyond the schemata , where words no longer have meaning .
the mind can [create/make] its own creative images and it will show us colours and visions that will bewilder our eyes and take us to regions beyond the schemata , where words no longer have meaning .

Older children more often embellish their descriptions with modiﬁers , such as “ My mask was ugly ” or “ The kite ﬂew high. ” At times , they even add drama by intensifying these expressions , as in “ The kite ﬂew very , very high ” and “ Grandma ate a huge bowl of oatmeal for breakfast ! ” Like the autobiographical and everyday narratives that adults generate , children ’ s narratives increasingly focus on people ’ s internal states—their desires , feelings , and beliefs : “ She wanted it so much ” or “ I felt bad. “ 68 Furthermore , the richness of 6-year-olds ’ evaluative remarks can be predicted from their mother ’ s evaluative statements in an adult–child conversation 3 years earlier69—a ﬁnding that underscores , once again , parents ’ vital role in creating a “ zone ” for narrative development .
older children more often embellish their descriptions with modiﬁers , such as “ my mask was ugly ” or “ the kite ﬂew high. ” at times , they even add drama by intensifying these expressions , as in “ the kite ﬂew very , very high ” and “ grandma ate a huge bowl of oatmeal for breakfast ! ” like the autobiographical and everyday narratives that adults [create/make] , children ’ s narratives increasingly focus on people ’ s internal states—their desires , feelings , and beliefs : “ she wanted it so much ” or “ i felt bad. “ 68 furthermore , the richness of 6-year-olds ’ evaluative remarks can be predicted from their mother ’ s evaluative statements in an adult–child conversation 3 years earlier69—a ﬁnding that underscores , once again , parents ’ vital role in creating a “ zone ” for narrative development .

While supporting the child ’ s eorts , ask questions and suggest strategies that help the child generate ideas and distance his or her thinking from the immediate features of the task .
while supporting the child ’ s eorts , ask questions and suggest strategies that help the child [create/make] ideas and distance his or her thinking from the immediate features of the task .

At times , the adult might model a social skill or give the child examples of strategies , as in , “ You could ask Paul , ‘ Would you let me try it for a while ? ’ or you could say , ‘ May we share it ? ’ ” At other times , the adult might encourage the child to generate possible strategies : “ What could you do to get Mary and Andrea to let you play , too ? ” In each instance , parents and teachers select the level of support that best matches the child ’ s current social capacities and then pull back as the child acquires new social problem-solving skills .
at times , the adult might model a social skill or give the child examples of strategies , as in , “ you could ask paul , ‘ would you let me try it for a while ? ’ or you could say , ‘ may we share it ? ’ ” at other times , the adult might encourage the child to [create/make] possible strategies : “ what could you do to get mary and andrea to let you play , too ? ” in each instance , parents and teachers select the level of support that best matches the child ’ s current social capacities and then pull back as the child acquires new social problem-solving skills .

To find that consciousness , we need to turn , I wish to argue , to the critical message of the Civil War , the address that would generate a new normative world in which to make sense of the epic war that consumed America from the firing on Fort Sumter to the surrender at Appomattox .
to find that consciousness , we need to turn , i wish to argue , to the critical message of the civil war , the address that would [create/make] a new normative world in which to make sense of the epic war that consumed america from the firing on fort sumter to the surrender at appomattox .

The ancient Israelites would spend forty years wandering in the desert before the passing of time would generate a new people , unaffected by the mentality of the “ fleshpots of Egypt. ” Modern political conditions rarely offer this luxury .
the ancient israelites would spend forty years wandering in the desert before the passing of time would [create/make] a new people , unaffected by the mentality of the “ fleshpots of egypt. ” modern political conditions rarely offer this luxury .

None of these criteria alone could be an adequate test of equality unless it was accompanied by a theory that explained why that factor , and that factor alone , was sufficient to generate the strong sense of human equality .
none of these criteria alone could be an adequate test of equality unless it was accompanied by a theory that explained why that factor , and that factor alone , was sufficient to [create/make] the strong sense of human equality .

Trust in God can generate diverse conclusions , but this does not subtract from the obvious way in which , at the time , faith in God and the Bible nourished the radical claims of human equality .
trust in god can [create/make] diverse conclusions , but this does not subtract from the obvious way in which , at the time , faith in god and the bible nourished the radical claims of human equality .

In his choice of words , King harks back to Lincoln , who recognized our commitment to the proposition that all men are created equal but hoped that the emancipation would generate “ a new birth of freedom . ”
in his choice of words , king harks back to lincoln , who recognized our commitment to the proposition that all men are created equal but hoped that the emancipation would [create/make] “ a new birth of freedom . ”

If freedom can generate exploitation , then the task of the state should be to intervene to protect the individual against the exploitation by other private individuals .
if freedom can [create/make] exploitation , then the task of the state should be to intervene to protect the individual against the exploitation by other private individuals .

Compulsory temperance and drug laws generate freedom for those who are able to stay clean .
compulsory temperance and drug laws [create/make] freedom for those who are able to stay clean .

Estrogen acts by binding to a specific receptor protein ; think of the estrogen as a “ key ” and the receptor as a “ lock. ” Generate sixty-four million diVerent small proteins , called peptides , say , six amino acids in length .
estrogen acts by binding to a specific receptor protein ; think of the estrogen as a “ key ” and the receptor as a “ lock. ” [create/make] sixty-four million diverent small proteins , called peptides , say , six amino acids in length .

In short , cells may feel their way into the adjacent possible by quantum superpositions of many simultaneous quantum possibilities , which decohere to generate specific classical choices .
in short , cells may feel their way into the adjacent possible by quantum superpositions of many simultaneous quantum possibilities , which decohere to [create/make] specific classical choices .

The greater the current diversity of matter , processes , and sources of energy , the more ways there are for these to couple to generate yet further novelty , further symmetry breakings .
the greater the current diversity of matter , processes , and sources of energy , the more ways there are for these to couple to [create/make] yet further novelty , further symmetry breakings .

Such systems persistently generate molecular novelty .
such systems persistently [create/make] molecular novelty .

If cells were supracritical , they would forever generate molecular diversity internal to themselves .
if cells were supracritical , they would forever [create/make] molecular diversity internal to themselves .

If there are connected pathways from one such assignment via -Hamming-mutant neighboring assignments that all satisfy the normal disjunctive form , then adaptive walks via alternatives genotypes are available , all of which roughly generate the same organism .
if there are connected pathways from one such assignment via -hamming-mutant neighboring assignments that all satisfy the normal disjunctive form , then adaptive walks via alternatives genotypes are available , all of which roughly [create/make] the same organism .

In an intuitive nutshell , in a nonequilibrium setting , the greater the diversity of structures , potential reactions , or other transformations among structures , measurement processes and devices , coupling devices , and constraints that already exist in a ramified web of propagating structures , reactions , work , measurement , constraint and coupling constructions , the easier it is for the total system to generate new kinds of molecules or other structures , processes , measurement devices , couplings , and constraints such that a biosphere or the universe can expand into the newness of its adjacent possible .
in an intuitive nutshell , in a nonequilibrium setting , the greater the diversity of structures , potential reactions , or other transformations among structures , measurement processes and devices , coupling devices , and constraints that already exist in a ramified web of propagating structures , reactions , work , measurement , constraint and coupling constructions , the easier it is for the total system to [create/make] new kinds of molecules or other structures , processes , measurement devices , couplings , and constraints such that a biosphere or the universe can expand into the newness of its adjacent possible .

It remains an open question whether other structures and processes in the universe that may not be autonomous agents say , lifeless galaxies , stars , the giant molecular clouds in galaxies , or lifeless planets can generate and propagate diversifying organization as radically well as do biospheres .
it remains an open question whether other structures and processes in the universe that may not be autonomous agents say , lifeless galaxies , stars , the giant molecular clouds in galaxies , or lifeless planets can [create/make] and propagate diversifying organization as radically well as do biospheres .

Here , in Investigations , I am trying to point at the mysterious but utterly natural hopefulness in which an increasing diversity of broken symmetries in the universe creates the diversity of structures and processes that can constitute and identify ramified and ramifying sources of energy , detect those sources of energy , create devices and processes that couple to those sources of energy , and generate yet more diversity that propagates macroscopic order even further .
here , in investigations , i am trying to point at the mysterious but utterly natural hopefulness in which an increasing diversity of broken symmetries in the universe creates the diversity of structures and processes that can constitute and identify ramified and ramifying sources of energy , detect those sources of energy , create devices and processes that couple to those sources of energy , and [create/make] yet more diversity that propagates macroscopic order even further .

Could the ever-generating possible geometries , as they generate exponentially even as they decohere , yield sucient extra degrees of freedom to correspond to the modes of oscillation of strings or M-branes in six or seven extra dimensions ?
could the ever-generating possible geometries , as they [create/make] exponentially even as they decohere , yield sucient extra degrees of freedom to correspond to the modes of oscillation of strings or m-branes in six or seven extra dimensions ?

The islands ’ resident birds would be enticing enough , but it ’ s the visiting species that generate most excitement .
the islands ’ resident birds would be enticing enough , but it ’ s the visiting species that [create/make] most excitement .

Advocates are looking at other ways to generate money .
advocates are looking at other ways to [create/make] money .

When small firms and solos do use technology to help smaller clients , the resulting publicity can generate much good will .
when small firms and solos do use technology to help smaller clients , the resulting publicity can [create/make] much good will .

The proposed legislation is expected to generate about $ 1.5 million .
the proposed legislation is expected to [create/make] about $ 1.5 million .

The fee increase is expected to generate $ 2.4 million for the Lawyers Trust Fund and more than $ 400,000 for LAP , to provide additional staff and resources .
the fee increase is expected to [create/make] $ 2.4 million for the lawyers trust fund and more than $ 400,000 for lap , to provide additional staff and resources .

While this approach has led to great strides in under-standing how treatment works , it may not be practical in the real-world setting of the emergency department and may generate studies with little external validity .
while this approach has led to great strides in under-standing how treatment works , it may not be practical in the real-world setting of the emergency department and may [create/make] studies with little external validity .

Patients with severe dependence have a disproportionate share of alcohol-related medical consequences , but it is estimated that such patients generate only a fraction of all alcohol-related problems.39 Alcohol-related problems occur at lower rates , but in much greater numbers , among patients with mild to moderate alcohol problems because such patients constitute the greatest proportion of the drinking population .
patients with severe dependence have a disproportionate share of alcohol-related medical consequences , but it is estimated that such patients [create/make] only a fraction of all alcohol-related problems.39 alcohol-related problems occur at lower rates , but in much greater numbers , among patients with mild to moderate alcohol problems because such patients constitute the greatest proportion of the drinking population .

HCFA , among other calculations , had to perform a special data collection from its fiscal intermediaries to obtain cost report data and generate an unduplicated census count from the National Claims History Standard Analytical File .
hcfa , among other calculations , had to perform a special data collection from its fiscal intermediaries to obtain cost report data and [create/make] an unduplicated census count from the national claims history standard analytical file .

The Texas models are composed of 500 to 600 variables and generate an annual report that identifies the potential unscrupulous providers and ranks the providers according to how questionable their billing patterns appear to be .
the texas models are composed of 500 to 600 variables and [create/make] an annual report that identifies the potential unscrupulous providers and ranks the providers according to how questionable their billing patterns appear to be .

Interest on Treasury securities held by revolving funds. -- A revolving fund conducts a cycle of business-type operations in which the expenses are incurred to produce goods and services that generate revenue , and the revenue , in turn , finances expenses .
interest on treasury securities held by revolving funds. -- a revolving fund conducts a cycle of business-type operations in which the expenses are incurred to produce goods and services that [create/make] revenue , and the revenue , in turn , finances expenses .

In addition , GPRA created requirements for agencies to generate the information congressional and executive branch decisionmakers need in considering measures to improve government performance and reduce costs .
in addition , gpra created requirements for agencies to [create/make] the information congressional and executive branch decisionmakers need in considering measures to improve government performance and reduce costs .

If the public safety organization decides to receive all calls from these carriers , the Order requires GAO/OGC-96-34 carriers to route all such calls even if they do not come from units that generate any code identification .
if the public safety organization decides to receive all calls from these carriers , the order requires gao/ogc-96-34 carriers to route all such calls even if they do not come from units that [create/make] any code identification .

This entity had designed a payment system whereby the acquisition of certain goods and services made under maintenance contracts and purchase orders would not require an invoice to generate a payment .
this entity had designed a payment system whereby the acquisition of certain goods and services made under maintenance contracts and purchase orders would not require an invoice to [create/make] a payment .

While the choice of methods used to transmit the T & A data may be based on costeffectiveness and management information needs , the system used to transmit the information must protect T & A data from unauthorized change or alteration and must generate a record of any change made .
while the choice of methods used to transmit the t & a data may be based on costeffectiveness and management information needs , the system used to transmit the information must protect t & a data from unauthorized change or alteration and must [create/make] a record of any change made .

By reducing changes that are required during the construction phase , good design review practices also generate significant indirect cost savings by avoiding costs associated with loss of productivity during constructiondelayed facility startup , and litigation .
by reducing changes that are required during the construction phase , good design review practices also [create/make] significant indirect cost savings by avoiding costs associated with loss of productivity during constructiondelayed facility startup , and litigation .

By reducing changes required during the construction phase , effective design review practices also generate significant indirect cost savings by avoiding costs associated with loss of productivity during constructiondelayed facility startup , and litigation .
by reducing changes required during the construction phase , effective design review practices also [create/make] significant indirect cost savings by avoiding costs associated with loss of productivity during constructiondelayed facility startup , and litigation .

TheRequired auditor may have to generate this list on the basis of interviews if one is not available .
therequired auditor may have to [create/make] this list on the basis of interviews if one is not available .

Case studies , obviously , can generate a great deal of Data Analysis data , data that need to be analyzed sufficiently and with appropriate techniques in order to be useful .
case studies , obviously , can [create/make] a great deal of data analysis data , data that need to be analyzed sufficiently and with appropriate techniques in order to be useful .

That is , the purpose of case studies is said by some researchers to be to generate hypotheses rather than to test or confirm them .
that is , the purpose of case studies is said by some researchers to be to [create/make] hypotheses rather than to test or confirm them .

We could obtain tax codes and procedures for each state , examine these , interview selected officials , and generate some plausible patterns .
we could obtain tax codes and procedures for each state , examine these , interview selected officials , and [create/make] some plausible patterns .

Although an individual household can tap its wealth by selling assets to finance consumption or accumulate other assets , the sale of an existing asset merely transfers ownership ; it does not generate new economic output .
although an individual household can tap its wealth by selling assets to finance consumption or accumulate other assets , the sale of an existing asset merely transfers ownership ; it does not [create/make] new economic output .

Assets accumulated can generate income in the form of interest and dividends that in turn may be saved .
assets accumulated can [create/make] income in the form of interest and dividends that in turn may be saved .

Although an individual household can tap the increased value of its assets to finance additional consumption or accumulate other assets by selling an asset to another household , the transaction itself shifts ownership of the existing asset and does not generate new economic output .
although an individual household can tap the increased value of its assets to finance additional consumption or accumulate other assets by selling an asset to another household , the transaction itself shifts ownership of the existing asset and does not [create/make] new economic output .

U.S. investment abroad does increase the nation 's wealth and will generate income adding to U.S. GNP .
u.s. investment abroad does increase the nation 's wealth and will [create/make] income adding to u.s. gnp .

In general , saving today increases a nation 's capacity to produce more goods and services and generate higher income in the future .
in general , saving today increases a nation 's capacity to produce more goods and services and [create/make] higher income in the future .

Abundant saving alone does not always generate robust growth because the saving must also be invested well .
abundant saving alone does not always [create/make] robust growth because the saving must also be invested well .

A more realistic goal would be to increase saving by an amount that would generate a rise in future GDP equivalent to the increase in spending on the elderly .
a more realistic goal would be to increase saving by an amount that would [create/make] a rise in future gdp equivalent to the increase in spending on the elderly .

While a great deal of attention focuses on how much retirement saving tax incentives cost the government and how much , if any , new personal saving they generate , what is sometimes overlooked is that tax incentives remind people to save for retirement .
while a great deal of attention focuses on how much retirement saving tax incentives cost the government and how much , if any , new personal saving they [create/make] , what is sometimes overlooked is that tax incentives remind people to save for retirement .

CIOs express this vision in business rather than technical terms , and in such a manner as to generate enthusiasm , buy-in , and motivation for managers to strive together toward the achievement of common goals .
cios express this vision in business rather than technical terms , and in such a manner as to [create/make] enthusiasm , buy-in , and motivation for managers to strive together toward the achievement of common goals .

THE NEED FOR A DIVERSE WORKFORCE WITHIN THE LEGAL SERVICES COMMUNITY Turning to the importance of diversity , participants agreed that giving diversity concerns their time , energy , attention and resources will generate big dividends .
the need for a diverse workforce within the legal services community turning to the importance of diversity , participants agreed that giving diversity concerns their time , energy , attention and resources will [create/make] big dividends .

LSC organized a well-received panel at the SEPDA Conference to showcase how well two state communities of justice and two programs used reconfiguration activities to expand diversity within staff and volunteer ranks , and for instituting programmatic measures that will generate a new cadre of leaders in the legal services community .
lsc organized a well-received panel at the sepda conference to showcase how well two state communities of justice and two programs used reconfiguration activities to expand diversity within staff and volunteer ranks , and for instituting programmatic measures that will [create/make] a new cadre of leaders in the legal services community .

OLAF continues to work each year to try to generate general revenue funding .
olaf continues to work each year to try to [create/make] general revenue funding .

If passed , this is expected to generate about $ 150,000 annually , all of which will go to LSCfunded programs .
if passed , this is expected to [create/make] about $ 150,000 annually , all of which will go to lscfunded programs .

Area of Inquiry -- Does the configuration of programs within the state facilitate the coordination of resource development efforts to maintain existing resources and to generate and leverage additional resources , including such efforts as unified approaches to major potential public sources , liaison with and maintenance of existing statewide resources , and coordinated technical assistance for local fundraising ?
area of inquiry -- does the configuration of programs within the state facilitate the coordination of resource development efforts to maintain existing resources and to [create/make] and leverage additional resources , including such efforts as unified approaches to major potential public sources , liaison with and maintenance of existing statewide resources , and coordinated technical assistance for local fundraising ?

Each analyst must demonstrate the ability to generate acceptable test results with the methods using the procedures described in this methods manual .
each analyst must demonstrate the ability to [create/make] acceptable test results with the methods using the procedures described in this methods manual .

Special care should be used to prevent any toxic materials from coming in contact with the seawater being used to generate the brine .
special care should be used to prevent any toxic materials from coming in contact with the seawater being used to [create/make] the brine .

Hence , it was not possible to reproduce the exact AEO2001 reference case the larger macroeconomic system , the model can then generate key outputs including projected electricity sales and net generation , resulting emissions for each of the four pollutants under consideration , and the set of energy and permit prices associated with the resulting production levels .
hence , it was not possible to reproduce the exact aeo2001 reference case the larger macroeconomic system , the model can then [create/make] key outputs including projected electricity sales and net generation , resulting emissions for each of the four pollutants under consideration , and the set of energy and permit prices associated with the resulting production levels .

Hence , there are no additional programs or policies that generate changes in the reference case technologies when the emission caps are imposed by the year 2007 .
hence , there are no additional programs or policies that [create/make] changes in the reference case technologies when the emission caps are imposed by the year 2007 .

The reductions that generate the banked allowances are shown as the area to the left of each vertical dotted line as the differences between the reference case and scenario emission trajectories .
the reductions that [create/make] the banked allowances are shown as the area to the left of each vertical dotted line as the differences between the reference case and scenario emission trajectories .

The incremental expenditures required to generate electricity under each of the four scenarios as compared to the reference case are summarized in Figure 5 ( in billions of 1999 dollars ) .
the incremental expenditures required to [create/make] electricity under each of the four scenarios as compared to the reference case are summarized in figure 5 ( in billions of 1999 dollars ) .

Note that incremental expenditures are incurred as early as 2002 in all four scenarios to generate early reductions that can be banked for use in 2007 and beyond .
note that incremental expenditures are incurred as early as 2002 in all four scenarios to [create/make] early reductions that can be banked for use in 2007 and beyond .

The reason appears to be that as efficiency technology penetrates the market and reduces carbon prices , more of a price signal is required to generate further reductions in the three conventional pollutants .
the reason appears to be that as efficiency technology penetrates the market and reduces carbon prices , more of a price signal is required to [create/make] further reductions in the three conventional pollutants .

Each analyst must demonstrate the ability to generate acceptable test results with these methods using the procedures described in this methods manual .
each analyst must demonstrate the ability to [create/make] acceptable test results with these methods using the procedures described in this methods manual .

Information Retrieval System ( AIRS ) to generate ozone concentrations for the entire ozone season .
information retrieval system ( airs ) to [create/make] ozone concentrations for the entire ozone season .

The model we use to generate these estimates is the Criteria Air Pollutant Modeling System ( CAPMS ) .
the model we use to [create/make] these estimates is the criteria air pollutant modeling system ( capms ) .

In addition to our national benefits results , we generated regional estimates of the benefits of the Clear Skies Act using the same benefits estimation procedure used to generate the national estimates .
in addition to our national benefits results , we generated regional estimates of the benefits of the clear skies act using the same benefits estimation procedure used to [create/make] the national estimates .

This information is used in subsequent exposure , dose-response , and valuation steps , including location-specific baseline mortality and morbidity risk data to generate locationspecific estimates of health benefits .
this information is used in subsequent exposure , dose-response , and valuation steps , including location-specific baseline mortality and morbidity risk data to [create/make] locationspecific estimates of health benefits .

These adjustment ratios are applied to the actual monitoring data to generate estimates of ozone levels at the monitor for the future scenarios .
these adjustment ratios are applied to the actual monitoring data to [create/make] estimates of ozone levels at the monitor for the future scenarios .

Exhibit 8 provides a summary of the base WTP values used to generate estimates of the economic value of avoided health effects for this analysis , adjusted to 1999 dollars , and a brief description of the basis for these values .
exhibit 8 provides a summary of the base wtp values used to [create/make] estimates of the economic value of avoided health effects for this analysis , adjusted to 1999 dollars , and a brief description of the basis for these values .

MAJOR UNCERTAINTIES IN BENEFITS ANALYSIS The estimates of avoided health effects , improved visibility , and monetary benefits of the Clear Skies Act are based on a method that reflects peer-reviewed data , models , and approaches that are applied to support EPA rulemakings and generate Reports to Congress on the benefits of air pollution regulation .
major uncertainties in benefits analysis the estimates of avoided health effects , improved visibility , and monetary benefits of the clear skies act are based on a method that reflects peer-reviewed data , models , and approaches that are applied to support epa rulemakings and [create/make] reports to congress on the benefits of air pollution regulation .

Application of C-R Relationship Nationwide Whether this analysis estimated the C-R relationship between a pollutant and a given health endpoint using a single function from a single study or using multiple C-R functions from several studies , each C-R relationship was applied uniformly throughout the U.S. to generate health benefit estimates .
application of c-r relationship nationwide whether this analysis estimated the c-r relationship between a pollutant and a given health endpoint using a single function from a single study or using multiple c-r functions from several studies , each c-r relationship was applied uniformly throughout the u.s. to [create/make] health benefit estimates .

The U.S. cost elasticities in Table 1 , when applied to the accrued costs of each function , determine the coefficients in the cost function , which in turn generate the unique shape of the unit cost function ( Figure 1 ) .
the u.s. cost elasticities in table 1 , when applied to the accrued costs of each function , determine the coefficients in the cost function , which in turn [create/make] the unique shape of the unit cost function ( figure 1 ) .

Each subclass must generate sufficient revenue to cover its costs .
each subclass must [create/make] sufficient revenue to cover its costs .

Keep in mind the requirement that a subclass has to generate revenue to cover its costs .
keep in mind the requirement that a subclass has to [create/make] revenue to cover its costs .

Last January the Postal Service proposed an array of rate increases designed to generate an additional $ 2.8 billion in revenue .
last january the postal service proposed an array of rate increases designed to [create/make] an additional $ 2.8 billion in revenue .

In recent years , traditional review of the administration of programs and the implementation of laws has been replaced by `` a focus on personal investigations , possible scandals , and issues designed to generate media attention . ''
in recent years , traditional review of the administration of programs and the implementation of laws has been replaced by `` a focus on personal investigations , possible scandals , and issues designed to [create/make] media attention . ''

Far more acquired valuable skills but lived in stagnant economies that could not generate satisfying jobs .
far more acquired valuable skills but lived in stagnant economies that could not [create/make] satisfying jobs .

In yesterday 's mathematical biology , a model 's utility could always be equated with its ability to generate testable predictions about new experimental outcomes .
in yesterday 's mathematical biology , a model 's utility could always be equated with its ability to [create/make] testable predictions about new experimental outcomes .

He strongly supports these claims through computational explorations of parameter space that are similar to those done by von Dassow et al. , but which also use strippeddown network topologies ( to focus on individual cell behaviors ) , test specifically for bistability , correlate results with the patterns formed , and ultimately generate a set of mathematical rules that strongly predict those cases that succeed or fail at producing an appropriate pattern .
he strongly supports these claims through computational explorations of parameter space that are similar to those done by von dassow et al. , but which also use strippeddown network topologies ( to focus on individual cell behaviors ) , test specifically for bistability , correlate results with the patterns formed , and ultimately [create/make] a set of mathematical rules that strongly predict those cases that succeed or fail at producing an appropriate pattern .

Recent research has focused on determining this program so as to be able to modify it in rational ways by genetic engineering and thus generate novel drug candidates .
recent research has focused on determining this program so as to be able to modify it in rational ways by genetic engineering and thus [create/make] novel drug candidates .

The modules each contain an acyl transferase ( to load the extender unit onto the enzyme ) , as well as a ketosynthase and an ACP domain , together with exactly those reductive activities needed to generate the required pattern of modification of the chain at each step of elongation .
the modules each contain an acyl transferase ( to load the extender unit onto the enzyme ) , as well as a ketosynthase and an acp domain , together with exactly those reductive activities needed to [create/make] the required pattern of modification of the chain at each step of elongation .

These investigators discovered that activation of ROCK1 may account for how nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs specify the scissile bond within the APP transmembrane domain that is cleaved by presenilin/γ-secretase to generate the C-terminus of Aβ .
these investigators discovered that activation of rock1 may account for how nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs specify the scissile bond within the app transmembrane domain that is cleaved by presenilin/γ-secretase to [create/make] the c-terminus of aβ .

Methods promoting neural differentiation by embryonic stem ( ES ) cells have been adapted [ 9,10,11,12,13 ] to derive insulin-producing cells ( IPCs ) , but it remains unclear whether such IPCs were derived from neural progenitors , or whether a neural-based strategy can generate transplantable human IPCs .
methods promoting neural differentiation by embryonic stem ( es ) cells have been adapted [ 9,10,11,12,13 ] to derive insulin-producing cells ( ipcs ) , but it remains unclear whether such ipcs were derived from neural progenitors , or whether a neural-based strategy can [create/make] transplantable human ipcs .

For quantification of cells expressing Nestin , Ki67 , β-tubulin III , activated caspase-3 , insulin , or C-peptide , NS-derived cell clusters were fixed , and sectioned to generate 7-μm-thick tissue sections .
for quantification of cells expressing nestin , ki67 , β-tubulin iii , activated caspase-3 , insulin , or c-peptide , ns-derived cell clusters were fixed , and sectioned to [create/make] 7-μm-thick tissue sections .

Our study shows that application of endogenous signals governing pancreas development to human neural progenitor cells can generate glucose-responsive IPCs .
our study shows that application of endogenous signals governing pancreas development to human neural progenitor cells can [create/make] glucose-responsive ipcs .

The FDA then begins the NDA review process , during which a physician , a statistician , and a pharmacologist , among others , generate lengthy review documents [ 10 ] .
the fda then begins the nda review process , during which a physician , a statistician , and a pharmacologist , among others , [create/make] lengthy review documents [ 10 ] .

The relatively quick innate immune responses operate along with slower but more targeted adaptive immune responses that generate antigen-specific mechanisms that eventually lead to the destruction and elimination of the pathogen .
the relatively quick innate immune responses operate along with slower but more targeted adaptive immune responses that [create/make] antigen-specific mechanisms that eventually lead to the destruction and elimination of the pathogen .

The fact that NADPH is required to maintain the reduced state of glutathione and thioredoxin indicates that the response to oxidative stress is coupled to the physiological status of core pathways that generate NADPH .
the fact that nadph is required to maintain the reduced state of glutathione and thioredoxin indicates that the response to oxidative stress is coupled to the physiological status of core pathways that [create/make] nadph .

The Health Metrics Network The Health Metrics Network ( HMN ) is a global collaboration focused on strengthening country health information systems to generate sound data for decision-making at country and global levels ( see http : //www.who.int/healthmetrics/en/ ) .
the health metrics network the health metrics network ( hmn ) is a global collaboration focused on strengthening country health information systems to [create/make] sound data for decision-making at country and global levels ( see http : //www.who.int/healthmetrics/en/ ) .

Nevertheless , agricultural antibiotic use may generate as many carriers as hospitals for the simple reason that the population experiences many more meals than hospital discharges [ 34 ] .
nevertheless , agricultural antibiotic use may [create/make] as many carriers as hospitals for the simple reason that the population experiences many more meals than hospital discharges [ 34 ] .

Many are doubtful that increased direct funding would generate sufficient incentives or be managed efficiently enough .
many are doubtful that increased direct funding would [create/make] sufficient incentives or be managed efficiently enough .

Genome duplication events generate a duplicate for every gene in the genome , representing a huge opportunity for a step-change in organismal complexity .
genome duplication events [create/make] a duplicate for every gene in the genome , representing a huge opportunity for a step-change in organismal complexity .

How do cells generate a spatially and temporally ordered network of actin filaments represented at the tissue level ?
how do cells [create/make] a spatially and temporally ordered network of actin filaments represented at the tissue level ?

Taking advantage of the ability to generate clones of cells lacking specific proteins , the authors identified new functional roles for actin regulators such as CAP ( a Drosophila homologue of adenylyl cyclase-associated proteins ) , Enabled ( Ena ) and Abelson ( Abl ) .
taking advantage of the ability to [create/make] clones of cells lacking specific proteins , the authors identified new functional roles for actin regulators such as cap ( a drosophila homologue of adenylyl cyclase-associated proteins ) , enabled ( ena ) and abelson ( abl ) .

My heart lies in the ecology of these organisms , but if we can generate information that leads to spinoffs for nanotechnology , that will be fantastic ’ , she concludes .
my heart lies in the ecology of these organisms , but if we can [create/make] information that leads to spinoffs for nanotechnology , that will be fantastic ’ , she concludes .

Gene Networks Generate Canalization Hsp90 may not , however , be uniquely placed to act as an evolutionary buffer producing canalization .
gene networks [create/make] canalization hsp90 may not , however , be uniquely placed to act as an evolutionary buffer producing canalization .

A laboratory wishing to sign up would generate a short document highlighting why its expertise might be suitable for a particular protein .
a laboratory wishing to sign up would [create/make] a short document highlighting why its expertise might be suitable for a particular protein .

The proposal also reinforces the notion that the overwhelming value of bioinformatics is to generate hypotheses that can be tested experimentally .
the proposal also reinforces the notion that the overwhelming value of bioinformatics is to [create/make] hypotheses that can be tested experimentally .

At one extreme , the fastest glycolytic fibers have high levels of enzymes that generate ATP via glycolysis but few mitochondria ( approximately 1 % of cell volume ) .
at one extreme , the fastest glycolytic fibers have high levels of enzymes that [create/make] atp via glycolysis but few mitochondria ( approximately 1 % of cell volume ) .

At the other end of the spectrum , slow oxidative fibers generate force with slower kinetics but are capable of long periods of repeated contraction without fatigue .
at the other end of the spectrum , slow oxidative fibers [create/make] force with slower kinetics but are capable of long periods of repeated contraction without fatigue .

These are noble goals , and the fact that they are stipulated jointly by many of the leaders in the field will generate excitement and expectations , even though much of what is said has been said before .
these are noble goals , and the fact that they are stipulated jointly by many of the leaders in the field will [create/make] excitement and expectations , even though much of what is said has been said before .

Did the RNAi machinery also generate small RNAs for host gene regulation ?
did the rnai machinery also [create/make] small rnas for host gene regulation ?

Nuclear-localized DCL3 acts with RDR2 to generate short RNAs that elicit DNA and histone modifications ; DCL2 produces short RNAs active in antiviral defense in the cytoplasm of cells .
nuclear-localized dcl3 acts with rdr2 to [create/make] short rnas that elicit dna and histone modifications ; dcl2 produces short rnas active in antiviral defense in the cytoplasm of cells .

If journal subscriptions generate surplus revenue that supports other society activities , then the business model of the society as a whole may need to be examined .
if journal subscriptions [create/make] surplus revenue that supports other society activities , then the business model of the society as a whole may need to be examined .

This is not to say that open-access journals can not generate a surplus or profit—simply that they do not do so by restricting access to their primary research content .
this is not to say that open-access journals can not [create/make] a surplus or profit—simply that they do not do so by restricting access to their primary research content .

The data should be more robust ; for instance , other researchers applying the same methods to study the same group of patients at the same time should be able to generate the same data .
the data should be more robust ; for instance , other researchers applying the same methods to study the same group of patients at the same time should be able to [create/make] the same data .

There is a much-quoted saying , attributed to the epidemiologist Geoffrey Rose : “ A large number of people exposed to a small risk may generate many more cases than a small number exposed to a very high risk. ” This is true for many individual risk factors such as salt intake ( linked to high blood pressure and cardiovascular disease ) and speeding on the highway ( linked to injuries and accidents ) .
there is a much-quoted saying , attributed to the epidemiologist geoffrey rose : “ a large number of people exposed to a small risk may [create/make] many more cases than a small number exposed to a very high risk. ” this is true for many individual risk factors such as salt intake ( linked to high blood pressure and cardiovascular disease ) and speeding on the highway ( linked to injuries and accidents ) .

Thus , if a breeder is interested in innovation and wants to generate maximum variation from which to make selections , wide crosses are the most productive .
thus , if a breeder is interested in innovation and wants to [create/make] maximum variation from which to make selections , wide crosses are the most productive .

To discriminate red flowers from their green background , bees must rely essentially on the difference between the intensity of the signal that flower and foliage generate on the bees ' ‘ green ’ ( 540 nm ) receptor ( Giurfa et al .
to discriminate red flowers from their green background , bees must rely essentially on the difference between the intensity of the signal that flower and foliage [create/make] on the bees ' ‘ green ’ ( 540 nm ) receptor ( giurfa et al .

In this circular arrangement , complementary colors ( i.e. , those opposite on a circle ) can be additively mixed to generate a neutral stimulus , e.g. , UV light ( 350 nm ) mixed in the appropriate ratio with bluegreen light ( 490 nm ) will be perceived as white by bees [ 17 ] .
in this circular arrangement , complementary colors ( i.e. , those opposite on a circle ) can be additively mixed to [create/make] a neutral stimulus , e.g. , uv light ( 350 nm ) mixed in the appropriate ratio with bluegreen light ( 490 nm ) will be perceived as white by bees [ 17 ] .

In color vision , but not in hearing , multiple combinations of physical stimuli will generate identical sensations .
in color vision , but not in hearing , multiple combinations of physical stimuli will [create/make] identical sensations .

The color opponent space allows us to predict hue ( by assessing angular position ) and saturation ( by measuring distance from the center ) , and it can be used to predict the perception of color mixtures , which fall between the loci of the colors used to generate the mixture [ 5 ] .
the color opponent space allows us to predict hue ( by assessing angular position ) and saturation ( by measuring distance from the center ) , and it can be used to predict the perception of color mixtures , which fall between the loci of the colors used to [create/make] the mixture [ 5 ] .

Later , I learned how to scan the figures and generate Web pages so that I could project the images in class and so that students could print laser-quality versions of papers ( see http : //www.bio.davidson.edu/molecular ) .
later , i learned how to scan the figures and [create/make] web pages so that i could project the images in class and so that students could print laser-quality versions of papers ( see http : //www.bio.davidson.edu/molecular ) .

RT-PCR The following primers were used to generate EGFR cDNA fragments spanning exon 20 : EGFR 2095F 5′- CCCAACCAAGCTCTCTTGAG-3′ and EGFR 2943R 5′- ATGACAAGGTAGCGCTGGGGG-3′ .
rt-pcr the following primers were used to [create/make] egfr cdna fragments spanning exon 20 : egfr 2095f 5′- cccaaccaagctctcttgag-3′ and egfr 2943r 5′- atgacaaggtagcgctggggg-3′ .

The following primers were used to generate the deletion ( del ) L747–E749 ; A750P mutant : forward 5′- TAAAATTCCCGTCGCTATCAAGGAGCCAACATCTCCGAAAGCCAACAAGG-3′ and reverse 5′- CCTTGTTGGCTTTCGGAGATGTTGGCTCCTTGATAGCGACGGGAATTTTA-3′ .
the following primers were used to [create/make] the deletion ( del ) l747–e749 ; a750p mutant : forward 5′- taaaattcccgtcgctatcaaggagccaacatctccgaaagccaacaagg-3′ and reverse 5′- ccttgttggctttcggagatgttggctccttgatagcgacgggaatttta-3′ .

To further investigate this possibility , we performed RT-PCR to generate cDNAs that spanned exon 20 of EGFR and included sequences from exon 19 and 21 .
to further investigate this possibility , we performed rt-pcr to [create/make] cdnas that spanned exon 20 of egfr and included sequences from exon 19 and 21 .

Nevertheless , a low-budget computational approach is probably enough to generate new science , suggest ideas for follow-up experiments , and make new drug candidates available under licenses designed to yield maximum benefit to the developing world .
nevertheless , a low-budget computational approach is probably enough to [create/make] new science , suggest ideas for follow-up experiments , and make new drug candidates available under licenses designed to yield maximum benefit to the developing world .

In order for either approach to fully realize its potential of truly evolving libraries of diverse synthetic molecules , rather than simply enriching libraries that already contain at the outset the “ most fit ” molecule , researchers must develop sophisticated library syntheses that generate remarkable complexity ( vast numbers of different compounds ) in a relatively modest number of DNA-compatible synthetic steps .
in order for either approach to fully realize its potential of truly evolving libraries of diverse synthetic molecules , rather than simply enriching libraries that already contain at the outset the “ most fit ” molecule , researchers must develop sophisticated library syntheses that [create/make] remarkable complexity ( vast numbers of different compounds ) in a relatively modest number of dna-compatible synthetic steps .

Here 's the results so far : # mailed : 5,615 targeted to our non-donor alumni # responses : 81 1.4 % # raised : $ 2,840 smallest gift : $ 5.00 largest gift : $ 250.00 Summary : While we did n't generate as much gift income as you did , we were extremely pleased with the results , the overall favorable response to the nature of this ask , and the additional notes and comments received from these non-donors .
here 's the results so far : # mailed : 5,615 targeted to our non-donor alumni # responses : 81 1.4 % # raised : $ 2,840 smallest gift : $ 5.00 largest gift : $ 250.00 summary : while we did n't [create/make] as much gift income as you did , we were extremely pleased with the results , the overall favorable response to the nature of this ask , and the additional notes and comments received from these non-donors .

As I see it , this can only be done through the establishment of a scholarship fund which will generate sufficient income to support this award .
as i see it , this can only be done through the establishment of a scholarship fund which will [create/make] sufficient income to support this award .

I have spent 10,000 revolutions of Earth around its star watching these homo sapiens sapiens , I , Trzz herself , am immaterial , which enables me/her to eavesdrop on spoken and unspoken language , taking on such forms as lichens on cave walls , cave bear assailants on the attack , earwax of old people exchanging formulas to ward off decrepitude-whatever form necessary to record the descriptions the humans generate as they experience their ritual life .
i have spent 10,000 revolutions of earth around its star watching these homo sapiens sapiens , i , trzz herself , am immaterial , which enables me/her to eavesdrop on spoken and unspoken language , taking on such forms as lichens on cave walls , cave bear assailants on the attack , earwax of old people exchanging formulas to ward off decrepitude-whatever form necessary to record the descriptions the humans [create/make] as they experience their ritual life .

The NYT reports , tobacco companies are paying publishers like Time Inc. millions of dollars to generate magazines similar in look and feel to popular twentysomething mags like Maxim and Mademoiselle .
the nyt reports , tobacco companies are paying publishers like time inc. millions of dollars to [create/make] magazines similar in look and feel to popular twentysomething mags like maxim and mademoiselle .

Even if Americans read his books , they do n't know much about him , and in any case , the current scandal is much too convoluted , with all its references to a previous scandal 12 years ago , to generate much coverage here .
even if americans read his books , they do n't know much about him , and in any case , the current scandal is much too convoluted , with all its references to a previous scandal 12 years ago , to [create/make] much coverage here .

Compare The Object of My Affection with that grisly sitcom tearjerker As Good as It Gets , in which James L. Brooks manages to generate an emotionally compelling movie out of a situation that has nothing -- nada -- to do with any reality I know of .
compare the object of my affection with that grisly sitcom tearjerker as good as it gets , in which james l. brooks manages to [create/make] an emotionally compelling movie out of a situation that has nothing -- nada -- to do with any reality i know of .

Spurned by U.S. distributors , Unmade Beds opened two weeks ago in a small screening room in downtown Manhattan , where it proceeded to set box office records and generate lots of ( largely favorable ) press .
spurned by u.s. distributors , unmade beds opened two weeks ago in a small screening room in downtown manhattan , where it proceeded to set box office records and [create/make] lots of ( largely favorable ) press .

The film unfolds in flashbacks , as Ellen is interviewed by a district attorney about the circumstances of her mother 's death , but the framing device does n't generate any suspense , and the linking scenes are so clumsily overwritten that the woman might be talking to her therapist .
the film unfolds in flashbacks , as ellen is interviewed by a district attorney about the circumstances of her mother 's death , but the framing device does n't [create/make] any suspense , and the linking scenes are so clumsily overwritten that the woman might be talking to her therapist .

Where Benton could n't distance himself enough from his protagonist to generate a comic perspective , Kwietniowski ca n't keep from satirizing his hero 's passion .
where benton could n't distance himself enough from his protagonist to [create/make] a comic perspective , kwietniowski ca n't keep from satirizing his hero 's passion .

Yes , Scott Rosenberg 's empty opportunistic script ca n't even generate believable conflict among convicts .
yes , scott rosenberg 's empty opportunistic script ca n't even [create/make] believable conflict among convicts .

A front page WP report explores the way health-related charities rely on media buzz to generate private donations and government funding .
a front page wp report explores the way health-related charities rely on media buzz to [create/make] private donations and government funding .

Corriere della Sera of Milan , in a front-page editorial , compared favorably the German government 's well-prepared and well-argued proposal ( although rejected by the voters of Hesse ) to grant German citizenship to more than half its 7 million resident foreigners with the Italian government 's sudden immigration decree which , it said , could generate xenophobia and racism .
corriere della sera of milan , in a front-page editorial , compared favorably the german government 's well-prepared and well-argued proposal ( although rejected by the voters of hesse ) to grant german citizenship to more than half its 7 million resident foreigners with the italian government 's sudden immigration decree which , it said , could [create/make] xenophobia and racism .

The border , barely 49 kilometers long , was so short that it was difficult to find on maps , the paper said , but it has created considerable problems in bilateral relations and looks set to generate drawn-out political battles .
the border , barely 49 kilometers long , was so short that it was difficult to find on maps , the paper said , but it has created considerable problems in bilateral relations and looks set to [create/make] drawn-out political battles .

Billy Crudup ( as Harrelson 's best friend and business partner ) is stiff , and Patricia Arquette , playing the object of both their desires , fails to generate the heat her temptress-extraordinaire part requires .
billy crudup ( as harrelson 's best friend and business partner ) is stiff , and patricia arquette , playing the object of both their desires , fails to [create/make] the heat her temptress-extraordinaire part requires .

The larger point is that 's it 's all dashes and ellipses , skipping lightly along the surface of both Jackie 's career and Hilary 's noncareer , and wanton in its exploitation of both Elgar and MS to generate pathos and awe .
the larger point is that 's it 's all dashes and ellipses , skipping lightly along the surface of both jackie 's career and hilary 's noncareer , and wanton in its exploitation of both elgar and ms to [create/make] pathos and awe .

Do people really have an innate ability to generate language ?
do people really have an innate ability to [create/make] language ?

For example , the American press can manage to generate a fair amount of resentment over members of Congress accepting campaign contributions from corporations -- though not enough resentment , apparently , to reform the system .
for example , the american press can manage to [create/make] a fair amount of resentment over members of congress accepting campaign contributions from corporations -- though not enough resentment , apparently , to reform the system .

Scandals customarily generate lots of quick , trashy literature ; the kind of unedited , misspelled garbage designed to sell scads of copies before people realize just how junky it is .
scandals customarily [create/make] lots of quick , trashy literature ; the kind of unedited , misspelled garbage designed to sell scads of copies before people realize just how junky it is .

In the Portnoy household nobody played sports -- bodies existed only to generate suffering -- and there was only one thing that really went well .
in the portnoy household nobody played sports -- bodies existed only to [create/make] suffering -- and there was only one thing that really went well .

This is quite different from being yearning , not-successful-enough people who hope , rather than know for sure , that study will generate dramatic upward mobility for our children .
this is quite different from being yearning , not-successful-enough people who hope , rather than know for sure , that study will [create/make] dramatic upward mobility for our children .

Recent attendance patterns show that urban parks generate much better patronage than suburban ones or those in neither/nor locations .
recent attendance patterns show that urban parks [create/make] much better patronage than suburban ones or those in neither/nor locations .

For the most part , the DOE is an anachronism whose main function under Clinton has been to generate embarrassing news stories about Secretary Hazel O'Leary 's expensive globe-trotting .
for the most part , the doe is an anachronism whose main function under clinton has been to [create/make] embarrassing news stories about secretary hazel o'leary 's expensive globe-trotting .

The best way to generate popular support is to personalize the fight .
the best way to [create/make] popular support is to personalize the fight .

Ergo , the magazine `` fiddled '' the thing to generate a bit of buzz .
ergo , the magazine `` fiddled '' the thing to [create/make] a bit of buzz .

However , as Duffy/Cary are well aware , it 's perfectly possible to keep the top 15 colleges static , and still generate buzz by , say , moving No .
however , as duffy/cary are well aware , it 's perfectly possible to keep the top 15 colleges static , and still [create/make] buzz by , say , moving no .

Coke and Pepsi , Crest and Colgate , Bush and Gore -- the more lackluster and indistinguishable the products , the more each category tends to generate a dominant duo vying to appeal to consumers in what is an essentially trivial decision .
coke and pepsi , crest and colgate , bush and gore -- the more lackluster and indistinguishable the products , the more each category tends to [create/make] a dominant duo vying to appeal to consumers in what is an essentially trivial decision .

It 's not as funny as The Waterboy , it 's not as sweet as The Wedding Singer , and it fails at its only real goal : It `` does n't generate a lot of big laughs '' ( Owen Gleiberman , Entertainment Weekly ) .
it 's not as funny as the waterboy , it 's not as sweet as the wedding singer , and it fails at its only real goal : it `` does n't [create/make] a lot of big laughs '' ( owen gleiberman , entertainment weekly ) .

Sponsoring a highway has proved to be such a cheap and effective way for corporations and celebrities to generate good will ; maybe these same groups could be encouraged to pony up for a few miles of scent corridor .
sponsoring a highway has proved to be such a cheap and effective way for corporations and celebrities to [create/make] good will ; maybe these same groups could be encouraged to pony up for a few miles of scent corridor .

Some of the movement 's frailty stems from the failure to tame China and from general compassion fatigue , but the biggest weakness is that activists make no effort to generate popular support for human rights causes .
some of the movement 's frailty stems from the failure to tame china and from general compassion fatigue , but the biggest weakness is that activists make no effort to [create/make] popular support for human rights causes .

Each of U.S. News ' criteria can generate a quibble like this one .
each of u.s. news ' criteria can [create/make] a quibble like this one .

I realize the purpose of your article was to indict the electric chair , as well as to generate sympathy for the likes of Jesse Tafero .
i realize the purpose of your article was to indict the electric chair , as well as to [create/make] sympathy for the likes of jesse tafero .

Because the information these sites produce is specific to a user 's experience , they can generate a literally infinite number of different pages .
because the information these sites produce is specific to a user 's experience , they can [create/make] a literally infinite number of different pages .

The purpose of tax policy should be to generate income for the government , so that it can perform its necessary and essential functions , with the least distortion and effect on the overall economy as possible .
the purpose of tax policy should be to [create/make] income for the government , so that it can perform its necessary and essential functions , with the least distortion and effect on the overall economy as possible .

The book review sections of the Sunday Times , Sunday Telegraph , and Observer , as well as the Times Literary Supplement and the delightful London Review of Books , look to conflicts to generate interest .
the book review sections of the sunday times , sunday telegraph , and observer , as well as the times literary supplement and the delightful london review of books , look to conflicts to [create/make] interest .

The big story was her brother 's slap at the royal family : Diana was `` someone with a natural nobility who was classless and who ... needed no royal title to continue to generate her particular brand of magic . ''
the big story was her brother 's slap at the royal family : diana was `` someone with a natural nobility who was classless and who ... needed no royal title to continue to [create/make] her particular brand of magic . ''

The big story was her brother 's slap at the royal family : Diana was `` someone with a natural nobility who was classless and who ... needed no royal title to continue to generate her particular brand of magic . ''
the big story was her brother 's slap at the royal family : diana was `` someone with a natural nobility who was classless and who ... needed no royal title to continue to [create/make] her particular brand of magic . ''

Indeed , managed care was the primary engine relied upon by the Clintons ' health-reform plan to generate the savings that would finance universal coverage at no net cost .
indeed , managed care was the primary engine relied upon by the clintons ' health-reform plan to [create/make] the savings that would finance universal coverage at no net cost .

Consider the Time Warner licensing deal , which will generate as much as $ 10 million a year for the King estate .
consider the time warner licensing deal , which will [create/make] as much as $ 10 million a year for the king estate .

The magazine relies on parties , conferences , and stunts -- Roseanne as guest editor -- to generate heat .
the magazine relies on parties , conferences , and stunts -- roseanne as guest editor -- to [create/make] heat .

Like their '30s antecedents , the brothers rely on B-grade genre pics to generate the revenues to pay for artier films .
like their '30s antecedents , the brothers rely on b-grade genre pics to [create/make] the revenues to pay for artier films .

The new quarters are now being produced at a rate of 5.5 billion per year , and the Mint estimates that the quarters series will generate at least $ 6 billion in profit .
the new quarters are now being produced at a rate of 5.5 billion per year , and the mint estimates that the quarters series will [create/make] at least $ 6 billion in profit .

This will allow us to generate a confusing proliferation of different e-mail addresses , a process we begin now :
this will allow us to [create/make] a confusing proliferation of different e-mail addresses , a process we begin now :

In an editorial , the paper blamed Japan for the ill feeling it continued to generate in the countries it fought in World War II .
in an editorial , the paper blamed japan for the ill feeling it continued to [create/make] in the countries it fought in world war ii .

The approach of the 50 th anniversary of the foundation of Israel failed to generate harmony in the Israeli press , which continued in traditional abrasive form .
the approach of the 50 th anniversary of the foundation of israel failed to [create/make] harmony in the israeli press , which continued in traditional abrasive form .

Both the Los Angeles Times and the New York Times go with President Clinton 's last-ditch attempt to generate support for the fast-track trade authority bill .
both the los angeles times and the new york times go with president clinton 's last-ditch attempt to [create/make] support for the fast-track trade authority bill .

Simple facts ( `` Angus refused to sing 'In-a-Gadda-Da-Vida ' at the Goldstein bar mitzvah '' ) generate pages of abstract legal theory ( `` Was there a meeting of the minds about whose version he was to sing ? `` ) .
simple facts ( `` angus refused to sing 'in-a-gadda-da-vida ' at the goldstein bar mitzvah '' ) [create/make] pages of abstract legal theory ( `` was there a meeting of the minds about whose version he was to sing ? `` ) .

The Madonna/Evita/Dior combination may generate only token changes in fashion , with small details making the period allusions ( hairstyles and makeup , hats and gloves , collars and cuffs ) on top of the present basic shapes .
the madonna/evita/dior combination may [create/make] only token changes in fashion , with small details making the period allusions ( hairstyles and makeup , hats and gloves , collars and cuffs ) on top of the present basic shapes .

The campaign that overturned American apartheid was a potent form of theater , in which demonstrators embraced the opportunity to be shot , gassed , and thrashed in order to generate outrage against Southern racism .
the campaign that overturned american apartheid was a potent form of theater , in which demonstrators embraced the opportunity to be shot , gassed , and thrashed in order to [create/make] outrage against southern racism .

Schor has come up with the slightly wacky statistic that each hour of television a person watches per week will generate $ 208 a year in spending .
schor has come up with the slightly wacky statistic that each hour of television a person watches per week will [create/make] $ 208 a year in spending .

Blithe investors toss millions at the Web out of the conviction that it will subsume the other media , change the face of capitalism , and generate billion-dollar payouts .
blithe investors toss millions at the web out of the conviction that it will subsume the other media , change the face of capitalism , and [create/make] billion-dollar payouts .

Part of the company 's move to generate fresh ideas for the faltering brand , Bottles is clearly not as straightforward as Rooney 's words would suggest .
part of the company 's move to [create/make] fresh ideas for the faltering brand , bottles is clearly not as straightforward as rooney 's words would suggest .

The Journal 's `` The Outlook '' piece takes note of recent claims that the Y2K problem will generate a recession of 1974 oil-shock caliber and says that 's not likely : After all , the twenty-two-day-long government shut-down in 1996 did n't do that , nor did last summer 's UPS strike .
the journal 's `` the outlook '' piece takes note of recent claims that the y2k problem will [create/make] a recession of 1974 oil-shock caliber and says that 's not likely : after all , the twenty-two-day-long government shut-down in 1996 did n't do that , nor did last summer 's ups strike .

The Los Angeles Times goes with the news that the first three University of California campuses to generate admissions statistics since the system abandoned affirmative action have seen their black and Latino acceptance rates plummet .
the los angeles times goes with the news that the first three university of california campuses to [create/make] admissions statistics since the system abandoned affirmative action have seen their black and latino acceptance rates plummet .

If we extend the co-op 's story a little bit , it is not hard to generate something that looks a lot like Japan 's problems -- and to see the outline of a solution .
if we extend the co-op 's story a little bit , it is not hard to [create/make] something that looks a lot like japan 's problems -- and to see the outline of a solution .

I guess I should have expected that this comment would generate letters along the lines of , `` If you lose your comfortable position as an American professor you can always find another job -- as long as you are 12 years old and willing to work for 40 cents an hour . ''
i guess i should have expected that this comment would [create/make] letters along the lines of , `` if you lose your comfortable position as an american professor you can always find another job -- as long as you are 12 years old and willing to work for 40 cents an hour . ''

Sports being sports , I 'll bet the buzz about Michael Jordan 's return to basketball as part owner of the Washington Wizards will last far longer , and generate reams more copy -- which , again , is n't surprising .
sports being sports , i 'll bet the buzz about michael jordan 's return to basketball as part owner of the washington wizards will last far longer , and [create/make] reams more copy -- which , again , is n't surprising .

He did not foresee the day when evolutionary psychologists would call for the government to sponsor their theories in a way virtually guaranteed to generate the very behaviors they are supposed to prevent .
he did not foresee the day when evolutionary psychologists would call for the government to sponsor their theories in a way virtually guaranteed to [create/make] the very behaviors they are supposed to prevent .

I do get tired of Bradley 's praying hands , and I have no opinion on his tax plan -- or , for that matter , on anybody 's tax plan -- but I admit to joining the dreaded media consensus that he and McCain generate less pain for me , just as public personalities , than the rest of the herd .
i do get tired of bradley 's praying hands , and i have no opinion on his tax plan -- or , for that matter , on anybody 's tax plan -- but i admit to joining the dreaded media consensus that he and mccain [create/make] less pain for me , just as public personalities , than the rest of the herd .

If you want to figure the present value of a stock -- which is to say , how much it 's worth today given how much free cash flow the company is going to generate in the future -- you need to discount that cash flow by your required annual rate of return .
if you want to figure the present value of a stock -- which is to say , how much it 's worth today given how much free cash flow the company is going to [create/make] in the future -- you need to discount that cash flow by your required annual rate of return .

Another way to generate profits is to buy up hospitals cheap -- though regulation and competition have made it harder to lowball purchase prices .
another way to [create/make] profits is to buy up hospitals cheap -- though regulation and competition have made it harder to lowball purchase prices .

This is not to say the symptoms are just in the mind , but rather that the mind can generate beneficial biological effects .
this is not to say the symptoms are just in the mind , but rather that the mind can [create/make] beneficial biological effects .

Ordinarily , of course , bribery tends to be somewhat self-limiting , in the sense that you do n't want to spend more on bribes than the revenue that you generate through them .
ordinarily , of course , bribery tends to be somewhat self-limiting , in the sense that you do n't want to spend more on bribes than the revenue that you [create/make] through them .

Gambling consultant Maury Wolff confirms that if you 're designing a complicated bet like a trifecta , the way to generate the most action per dollar 's worth of prize money ( and hence the most profit for the track ) is to offer very large prizes at very long odds .
gambling consultant maury wolff confirms that if you 're designing a complicated bet like a trifecta , the way to [create/make] the most action per dollar 's worth of prize money ( and hence the most profit for the track ) is to offer very large prizes at very long odds .

Unfortunately , game theory is notorious for its ability to generate radically different conclusions in response to small changes in the underlying assumptions .
unfortunately , game theory is notorious for its ability to [create/make] radically different conclusions in response to small changes in the underlying assumptions .

These nucleic acids then code for and generate proteins , which are the stuff we 're made of .
these nucleic acids then code for and [create/make] proteins , which are the stuff we 're made of .

By contrast , the limited admissibility of legally acquired evidence serves no apparent purpose , except to generate motions by lawyers , rulings by judges , and grounds for appeals .
by contrast , the limited admissibility of legally acquired evidence serves no apparent purpose , except to [create/make] motions by lawyers , rulings by judges , and grounds for appeals .

If prospects for future earnings have actually improved by 40 or 50 percent in the past year , the economy will generate enough wealth to cover all the new chits in people 's pockets .
if prospects for future earnings have actually improved by 40 or 50 percent in the past year , the economy will [create/make] enough wealth to cover all the new chits in people 's pockets .

Most pundits said personality and leadership -- not policy issues -- were the true points of contention : Gore deemed Bradley `` too intellectually removed '' to deal with real-world problems ; Bradley charged that Gore was not removed enough from the `` Washington bunker '' to generate creative solutions .
most pundits said personality and leadership -- not policy issues -- were the true points of contention : gore deemed bradley `` too intellectually removed '' to deal with real-world problems ; bradley charged that gore was not removed enough from the `` washington bunker '' to [create/make] creative solutions .

Correo , a daily from the Basque city of Bilbao , condemned Aznar 's pronouncements , warning that the growing chasm between Basque public opinion and that of the rest of the country could generate `` a verbal escalation whose final objective could n't be other than to deepen the abyss '' between people `` likely to take Basque nationalism to the ballot box and those who would like to prevent a sovereignty debate . ''
correo , a daily from the basque city of bilbao , condemned aznar 's pronouncements , warning that the growing chasm between basque public opinion and that of the rest of the country could [create/make] `` a verbal escalation whose final objective could n't be other than to deepen the abyss '' between people `` likely to take basque nationalism to the ballot box and those who would like to prevent a sovereignty debate . ''

My concern about existence value is that it is very hard to measure and one can generate almost any number one wants to .
my concern about existence value is that it is very hard to measure and one can [create/make] almost any number one wants to .

HDZ seems to be trying to time his death for maximal electoral benefit , hoping to generate a swell of patriotic sympathy that will help the party on election day .
hdz seems to be trying to time his death for maximal electoral benefit , hoping to [create/make] a swell of patriotic sympathy that will help the party on election day .

Closed Chambers , Edward Lazarus ' behind-the-scenes exposé of political wrangling at the Supreme Court , continues to generate controversy .
closed chambers , edward lazarus ' behind-the-scenes exposé of political wrangling at the supreme court , continues to [create/make] controversy .

It 's also `` undeniably kinetic , '' and director Rodman Flender ( yet another WB alum ) manages to generate `` watchable levels of splatter-happy delirium '' ( Owen Gleiberman , Entertainment Weekly ) .
it 's also `` undeniably kinetic , '' and director rodman flender ( yet another wb alum ) manages to [create/make] `` watchable levels of splatter-happy delirium '' ( owen gleiberman , entertainment weekly ) .

Ordinarily , new financial regulations generate a few comments from members of the financial community , the odd professor or attorney , and the occasional think tank .
ordinarily , new financial regulations [create/make] a few comments from members of the financial community , the odd professor or attorney , and the occasional think tank .

Should small people be charged more for heat since they generate less of their own ?
should small people be charged more for heat since they [create/make] less of their own ?

Is it likely that she could , by twirling around and around on the bars , generate enough power to kick the pouncing velociraptor ( weighing in at 300 pounds , easy ) through the air and out the window ?
is it likely that she could , by twirling around and around on the bars , [create/make] enough power to kick the pouncing velociraptor ( weighing in at 300 pounds , easy ) through the air and out the window ?

Word-of-mouth or good reviews do n't generate the dramatic concentrated sales required .
word-of-mouth or good reviews do n't [create/make] the dramatic concentrated sales required .

Given the outrage such excesses generate , advocates would be better off cutting the rich loose and gaining a modicum of redistributive equity for their side of the argument .
given the outrage such excesses [create/make] , advocates would be better off cutting the rich loose and gaining a modicum of redistributive equity for their side of the argument .

Eric Fredericksen noted that expressions other than yadda yadda yadda used by performers to generate `` crowd chatter '' in theater productions include rhubarb , rhubarb , rhubarb ; peas ' n ' carrots , peas ' n ' carrots , peas ' n ' carrots ; and watermelon , watermelon , watermelon .
eric fredericksen noted that expressions other than yadda yadda yadda used by performers to [create/make] `` crowd chatter '' in theater productions include rhubarb , rhubarb , rhubarb ; peas ' n ' carrots , peas ' n ' carrots , peas ' n ' carrots ; and watermelon , watermelon , watermelon .

If governments ca n't regulate the illegal inflow of cigarettes into their countries , they ca n't generate effective health programs for discouraging smoking , especially , notes the NYT , because smuggled smokes tend to be cheaper , which means teenagers can buy more of them .
if governments ca n't regulate the illegal inflow of cigarettes into their countries , they ca n't [create/make] effective health programs for discouraging smoking , especially , notes the nyt , because smuggled smokes tend to be cheaper , which means teenagers can buy more of them .

In the 1950s , biologists were able to generate entire frogs from DNA that came from embryos less than 80 hours old .
in the 1950s , biologists were able to [create/make] entire frogs from dna that came from embryos less than 80 hours old .

Muscle cells were not going to generate liver cells .
muscle cells were not going to [create/make] liver cells .

Biologically , though , the two experiments are comparable : In both cases differentiated DNA became sufficiently dedifferentiated to generate a whole new sheep .
biologically , though , the two experiments are comparable : in both cases differentiated dna became sufficiently dedifferentiated to [create/make] a whole new sheep .

Not only will her book generate interest among lit types , but she is also aiming for the vast , self-regarding `` victim '' audience .
not only will her book [create/make] interest among lit types , but she is also aiming for the vast , self-regarding `` victim '' audience .

These are sent out to people who might generate buzz for the book : blurbists , bookers for television talk shows , editors , and -- most important -- book critics .
these are sent out to people who might [create/make] buzz for the book : blurbists , bookers for television talk shows , editors , and -- most important -- book critics .

Only when stock returns are considered on a year-to-year basis is there even a hint of enough risk in stocks to generate a risk-aversion premium such as exists .
only when stock returns are considered on a year-to-year basis is there even a hint of enough risk in stocks to [create/make] a risk-aversion premium such as exists .

Do not hesitate to generate and add exhilaration to our population .
do not hesitate to [create/make] and add exhilaration to our population .

More recently , the use of pre-made film images has given way to cathode-ray tubes which generate characters as requested .
more recently , the use of pre-made film images has given way to cathode-ray tubes which [create/make] characters as requested .

Pushbutton phones often are arranged so that they may generate either pulses or tones ( thus the switch ) .
pushbutton phones often are arranged so that they may [create/make] either pulses or tones ( thus the switch ) .

The Latin , Greek , or Old English roots are readily discernible ( though I can not explain the -etz in the last case ) , and generate few if any metaphorical overtones .
the latin , greek , or old english roots are readily discernible ( though i can not explain the -etz in the last case ) , and [create/make] few if any metaphorical overtones .

Appellate judges differ significantly from other groups that generate material for their own specialized dictionaries .
appellate judges differ significantly from other groups that [create/make] material for their own specialized dictionaries .

Half cock does not give enough power to generate sparks and fire the pistol , so it is a futile gesture .
half cock does not give enough power to [create/make] sparks and fire the pistol , so it is a futile gesture .

Faced with this problem , some gun toters would skin , or sharpen the flint with a knife , creating a bevel in the flint , which could then make full contact and generate an adequate shower of sparks .
faced with this problem , some gun toters would skin , or sharpen the flint with a knife , creating a bevel in the flint , which could then make full contact and [create/make] an adequate shower of sparks .

