And which theory would govern the enforcers of the law on Sunday ? ?
and which theory would [lead] the enforcers of the law on sunday ? ?

The policies which govern the program 2 .
the policies which [lead] the program 2 .

Since faculty see themselves as self-employed professionals rather than as employees , enthusiasm in a common enterprise is proportionate to the sense of ownership they have in it by virtue of sharing in the decisions that govern its course .
since faculty see themselves as self-employed professionals rather than as employees , enthusiasm in a common enterprise is proportionate to the sense of ownership they have in it by virtue of sharing in the decisions that [lead] its course .

How well do faculty members govern themselves ? ?
how well do faculty members [lead] themselves ? ?

By and large , what happens to business as a whole will govern the relationship between demand and supply conditions in the capital markets and will thus determine interest rates .
by and large , what happens to business as a whole will [lead] the relationship between demand and supply conditions in the capital markets and will thus determine interest rates .

The same consideration should govern the choice of the second-stage phosphor screen for matching with the spectral sensitivity of the ultimate sensor ( e.g. , photographic emulsion ) .
the same consideration should [lead] the choice of the second-stage phosphor screen for matching with the spectral sensitivity of the ultimate sensor ( e.g. , photographic emulsion ) .

What Gabriel was being asked to do now , however , was to re-examine all his basic assumptions , make value-judgments on them , and give them new and different powers in his mind to govern his motives .
what gabriel was being asked to do now , however , was to re-examine all his basic assumptions , make value-judgments on them , and give them new and different powers in his mind to [lead] his motives .

More recently the Solstice has attracted thousands of New Age travellers , but they 've been banned this year by the same injuctions that now govern Castlemorton common in Worcestershire , where an illegal festival just over a year ago attracted 20,000 travellers .
more recently the solstice has attracted thousands of new age travellers , but they 've been banned this year by the same injuctions that now [lead] castlemorton common in worcestershire , where an illegal festival just over a year ago attracted 20,000 travellers .

At the second attempt he presented voters with a painstakingly worked out proposal which included among its measures the recognition of Quebec as a distinct society , the right of natives to govern themselves and reform of the senate .
at the second attempt he presented voters with a painstakingly worked out proposal which included among its measures the recognition of quebec as a distinct society , the right of natives to [lead] themselves and reform of the senate .

Labour , on the other hand , wants to abolish A-levels and return schools which would prefer to govern themselves to the control of local bureaucrats .
labour , on the other hand , wants to abolish a-levels and return schools which would prefer to [lead] themselves to the control of local bureaucrats .

We are now being told by this arrogant and incompetent lot that having given us record unemployment , bankruptcies , house repossession , liquidations , factory closures etc , that they are the only ones fit to govern when surely that record should make them hang their heads in shame .
we are now being told by this arrogant and incompetent lot that having given us record unemployment , bankruptcies , house repossession , liquidations , factory closures etc , that they are the only ones fit to [lead] when surely that record should make them hang their heads in shame .

This commemorates the creation in 1829 of a political and military post to govern the islands .
this commemorates the creation in 1829 of a political and military post to [lead] the islands .

‘ In Scotland , a 5pc swing against the Conservatives would reduce our numbers from 11 to two and that would make it virtually impossible for a Conservative Government to govern in Scotland . ’
‘ in scotland , a 5pc swing against the conservatives would reduce our numbers from 11 to two and that would make it virtually impossible for a conservative government to [lead] in scotland . ’

’ Like South Belfast , the motions simply urge the Government ‘ to govern Northern Ireland on the same basis as the rest of the United Kingdom ’ .
’ like south belfast , the motions simply urge the government ‘ to [lead] northern ireland on the same basis as the rest of the united kingdom ’ .

We are fit and we are ready , not just to win , but to govern the people of this country .
we are fit and we are ready , not just to win , but to [lead] the people of this country .

Despite all the protest that his Salvation Front was too closely linked with the old communists , President Iliescu now almost certainly has a clear mandate to govern Romania .
despite all the protest that his salvation front was too closely linked with the old communists , president iliescu now almost certainly has a clear mandate to [lead] romania .

The Laws of Manu , an ancient law book of the Hindu way of life , which discusses the customs , conventions and laws , that should operate at each stage of life and govern the relation of the different orders with one another , regards the four āśramas as the best means of attaining co-operation For the common good .
the laws of manu , an ancient law book of the hindu way of life , which discusses the customs , conventions and laws , that should operate at each stage of life and [lead] the relation of the different orders with one another , regards the four āśramas as the best means of attaining co-operation for the common good .

Choosing to overlook the actual blatancy of British power and concentrate instead upon its supposed attenuation , they produced the definitive celebration of the attempt to govern , not through the threat or application of physical force , but through the power of personal influence alone .
choosing to overlook the actual blatancy of british power and concentrate instead upon its supposed attenuation , they produced the definitive celebration of the attempt to [lead] , not through the threat or application of physical force , but through the power of personal influence alone .

There is no room for ‘ mean whites ’ in tropical Africa … They lower the prestige by which alone the white races can hope to govern and to guide .
there is no room for ‘ mean whites ’ in tropical africa … they lower the prestige by which alone the white races can hope to [lead] and to guide .

By requiring its practitioners to possess the moral prestige necessary to guide , Indirect Rule seemed to ensure that they also possessed the means whereby , in the absence of any overwhelming display of physical superiority , they could govern .
by requiring its practitioners to possess the moral prestige necessary to guide , indirect rule seemed to ensure that they also possessed the means whereby , in the absence of any overwhelming display of physical superiority , they could [lead] .

Furse set out to create a Service which would be ‘ a corps d'elite to which … the best type of man … will feel it an honour to belong ’ , and in time and according to his lights , he brought practice into line with theory and made good the boast that those whom England sent out to govern the colonial empire were her finest sons .
furse set out to create a service which would be ‘ a corps d'elite to which … the best type of man … will feel it an honour to belong ’ , and in time and according to his lights , he brought practice into line with theory and made good the boast that those whom england sent out to [lead] the colonial empire were her finest sons .

‘ The task of preparing for freedom the races which can not as yet govern themselves ’ , he wrote , ‘ is the supreme duty of those who can .
‘ the task of preparing for freedom the races which can not as yet [lead] themselves ’ , he wrote , ‘ is the supreme duty of those who can .

Depending , as Dufferin had so clearly perceived , for their ability to govern on the collaboration of a vast class of petty native fonctionnaires , and the political apathy of an even vaster class of ignorant peasants , they could in no way afford to see these people aroused to insubordination , even of an ostensibly peaceful kind .
depending , as dufferin had so clearly perceived , for their ability to [lead] on the collaboration of a vast class of petty native fonctionnaires , and the political apathy of an even vaster class of ignorant peasants , they could in no way afford to see these people aroused to insubordination , even of an ostensibly peaceful kind .

He believed as Lionel Curtis did that Indians ' souls had to be renovated before they were fit to govern : he deeply shocked the American journalist William Shirer by announcing that ‘ Self-government … is inconceivable and unattainable without the removal of untouchability , as it also is without Hindu-Moslem unity … we shall be unfit to gain independence so long as we keep in bondage a fifth of the population of Hindustan .
he believed as lionel curtis did that indians ' souls had to be renovated before they were fit to [lead] : he deeply shocked the american journalist william shirer by announcing that ‘ self-government … is inconceivable and unattainable without the removal of untouchability , as it also is without hindu-moslem unity … we shall be unfit to gain independence so long as we keep in bondage a fifth of the population of hindustan .

The connection of moral purity with the right to govern was , in the world Gandhi happened to inhabit , a very English one .
the connection of moral purity with the right to [lead] was , in the world gandhi happened to inhabit , a very english one .

When he arrived in India in 1926 he told one of his private secretaries that his aim was to govern in such a way as ‘ to keep a contented India in the Commonwealth twenty-five years hence ’ .
when he arrived in india in 1926 he told one of his private secretaries that his aim was to [lead] in such a way as ‘ to keep a contented india in the commonwealth twenty-five years hence ’ .

It was imperative now to show that the British could still govern , and Irwin confounded his critics by showing that he was the man to do it .
it was imperative now to show that the british could still [lead] , and irwin confounded his critics by showing that he was the man to do it .

They want to stage a Conker Championship and wonder whether there is any a set of rules which govern running such a competition .
they want to stage a conker championship and wonder whether there is any a set of rules which [lead] running such a competition .

On the economy , on Europe and on support for the new leadership , Labour took a giant step towards becoming the Party the people will trust to govern Britain .
on the economy , on europe and on support for the new leadership , labour took a giant step towards becoming the party the people will trust to [lead] britain .

The laws of war , otherwise known as jus in bello , govern the actual conduct of armed conflicts and military occupations .
the laws of war , otherwise known as jus in bello , [lead] the actual conduct of armed conflicts and military occupations .

Just as , however , it is necessary for the sustenance of parliamentary democracy for the majority to allow the minority to be heard , so also it is necessary , at the end of the day , for the government to be allowed to govern .
just as , however , it is necessary for the sustenance of parliamentary democracy for the majority to allow the minority to be heard , so also it is necessary , at the end of the day , for the government to be allowed to [lead] .

If , since union , sovereignty has been successfully asserted in practice by the United Kingdom Parliament , and if that assertion has come to be accepted as the basis of the existing constitutional edifice , that is what must , at all events pending the next shift , govern .
if , since union , sovereignty has been successfully asserted in practice by the united kingdom parliament , and if that assertion has come to be accepted as the basis of the existing constitutional edifice , that is what must , at all events pending the next shift , [lead] .

That governments must govern is recognised throughout the Convention and its protocols ( which have extended the scope of the Convention into areas such as education and property rights ) .
that governments must [lead] is recognised throughout the convention and its protocols ( which have extended the scope of the convention into areas such as education and property rights ) .

You 'll need to be on the alert for any unusual eventuality , as your behaviour during this arduous time will govern future happenings .
you 'll need to be on the alert for any unusual eventuality , as your behaviour during this arduous time will [lead] future happenings .

’ Existing residential areas The same principles that govern the design of new streets are equally applicable .
’ existing residential areas the same principles that [lead] the design of new streets are equally applicable .

It has not shifted the old Labour image and habits towards the new kind of social-democratic space that has begun to emerge in some European countries , and which represents the only real alternative for the left that wants to govern in the next post-Maastricht decade .
it has not shifted the old labour image and habits towards the new kind of social-democratic space that has begun to emerge in some european countries , and which represents the only real alternative for the left that wants to [lead] in the next post-maastricht decade .

It reflects , in particular , the difficulties for any Socialist ( or Labour ) Party seeking to govern in a world of unregulated capital flow .
it reflects , in particular , the difficulties for any socialist ( or labour ) party seeking to [lead] in a world of unregulated capital flow .

He went on : ‘ The main principles which should govern national finance in future are few and simple .
he went on : ‘ the main principles which should [lead] national finance in future are few and simple .

Faced with a rack of up to twenty different spools in the kite shop , you must first consider the three main parameters which govern the suitability of the line .
faced with a rack of up to twenty different spools in the kite shop , you must first consider the three main parameters which [lead] the suitability of the line .

It is now widely believed that no British government is able to govern without the tacit support of the trade union movement .
it is now widely believed that no british government is able to [lead] without the tacit support of the trade union movement .

There has been an enormous amount of employment legislation in the last decade or so , and haulage companies have had to integrate this with the already extensive legal requirements which govern their operations .
there has been an enormous amount of employment legislation in the last decade or so , and haulage companies have had to integrate this with the already extensive legal requirements which [lead] their operations .

, evolved a complex framework of rules to govern it .
, evolved a complex framework of rules to [lead] it .

The first duty of the master was to govern and control the institution ( subject to the direction of the management committee ) and 'cause to be obeyed ’ all the relevant regulations .
the first duty of the master was to [lead] and control the institution ( subject to the direction of the management committee ) and 'cause to be obeyed ’ all the relevant regulations .

Schegloff has made studies of the rules of conversation in so far as they govern who speaks when , and how we know when it is our turn to speak .
schegloff has made studies of the rules of conversation in so far as they [lead] who speaks when , and how we know when it is our turn to speak .

For example , what are the rules that govern the opening of a telephone conversation ?
for example , what are the rules that [lead] the opening of a telephone conversation ?

They copy each other 's institutions ; and , to strengthen their common interests , they have built up a series of common institutions — international unions to govern postal , railway and tele-graphic communication , conferences and conventions to regulate affairs both of property ( such as copyright ) and labour ; international law courts ( at the Hague and elsewhere ) supported by a network of Arbitration and other treaties ; a sort of World-Duma , in the periodical Peace Conferences at the Hague ; and last but not least , the growing international organisation of the Labour and Socialist movements .
they copy each other 's institutions ; and , to strengthen their common interests , they have built up a series of common institutions — international unions to [lead] postal , railway and tele-graphic communication , conferences and conventions to regulate affairs both of property ( such as copyright ) and labour ; international law courts ( at the hague and elsewhere ) supported by a network of arbitration and other treaties ; a sort of world-duma , in the periodical peace conferences at the hague ; and last but not least , the growing international organisation of the labour and socialist movements .

In line with his overall political goal of proving that Labour was ‘ fit to govern ’ , Macdonald abandoned the visions of democratic diplomacy which had so excited him in 1917 and proceeded to adjust to the reality of a balance of power mediated through the League , helping to resolve the Ruhr crisis by lending his support to the rescheduling , rather than the abolition , of German reparations payments .
in line with his overall political goal of proving that labour was ‘ fit to [lead] ’ , macdonald abandoned the visions of democratic diplomacy which had so excited him in 1917 and proceeded to adjust to the reality of a balance of power mediated through the league , helping to resolve the ruhr crisis by lending his support to the rescheduling , rather than the abolition , of german reparations payments .

But even more crucial is the attitude and behaviour of those who govern us .
but even more crucial is the attitude and behaviour of those who [lead] us .

He is speaking for a Government which has been in power so long that it believes it has a God-given right to govern and denies anyone the right to criticise .
he is speaking for a government which has been in power so long that it believes it has a god-given right to [lead] and denies anyone the right to criticise .

The Government 's job is to govern , not to administer .
the government 's job is to [lead] , not to administer .

The Gods who govern these principles are named Brahma ( the Creator ) , Vishnu ( the Preserver or Sustainer ) , and Siva ( the Destroyer ) , and form the Trinity or , in Hinduism , Trimurti .
the gods who [lead] these principles are named brahma ( the creator ) , vishnu ( the preserver or sustainer ) , and siva ( the destroyer ) , and form the trinity or , in hinduism , trimurti .

We agree that a woman has the right to govern her own body — but a person 's right logically ends where another 's begins , in this case the right of the baby to live .
we agree that a woman has the right to [lead] her own body — but a person 's right logically ends where another 's begins , in this case the right of the baby to live .

The main intangible is the immense effort that the Community 's governments have invested in the exercise , and the effect of failure or success on their collective will to govern Europe co-operatively .
the main intangible is the immense effort that the community 's governments have invested in the exercise , and the effect of failure or success on their collective will to [lead] europe co-operatively .

Since the 1970s physicists have had a ‘ standard model ’ of the fundamental particles of matter and the forces that govern their behaviour .
since the 1970s physicists have had a ‘ standard model ’ of the fundamental particles of matter and the forces that [lead] their behaviour .

He was still trying to govern the Church from what he took to be the ‘ centre ’ .
he was still trying to [lead] the church from what he took to be the ‘ centre ’ .

The Council is , then , here solemnly declaring that throughout the world local churches , or groups of linked churches , have the right and duty , not to be ruled from Rome , but to govern themselves with their own traditions and pastoral needs just as the decree implies the Oriental Churches should do .
the council is , then , here solemnly declaring that throughout the world local churches , or groups of linked churches , have the right and duty , not to be ruled from rome , but to [lead] themselves with their own traditions and pastoral needs just as the decree implies the oriental churches should do .

At stake were nine seats on each of the 32 boards which govern the city 's 800 elementary and junior high schools .
at stake were nine seats on each of the 32 boards which [lead] the city 's 800 elementary and junior high schools .

Internal social considerations can govern the converse shift , from prose to verse .
internal social considerations can [lead] the converse shift , from prose to verse .

For instance , he was the principal author of Security Council Resolution 242 which , 26 years later , is still meant to govern the terms of any Middle East peace settlement ; but Mr Paterson has almost nothing to say about how the resolution was drafted and passed .
for instance , he was the principal author of security council resolution 242 which , 26 years later , is still meant to [lead] the terms of any middle east peace settlement ; but mr paterson has almost nothing to say about how the resolution was drafted and passed .

There is , perhaps , the beginning of a choice here : a choice that confirms that Mr Clinton really is a new Democrat , really is suspicious of old Democratic liberalism , and really does want to govern from the solid , decent centre of America .
there is , perhaps , the beginning of a choice here : a choice that confirms that mr clinton really is a new democrat , really is suspicious of old democratic liberalism , and really does want to [lead] from the solid , decent centre of america .

The families and the professionals have been concerned with the care of children and with negotiating the criteria that govern state intervention in that care .
the families and the professionals have been concerned with the care of children and with negotiating the criteria that [lead] state intervention in that care .

Many of the commentators on the ‘ permissive era ’ , discussed in Chapter one , have suggested that it was a period characterised by radical changes in both behaviour and the rules that govern behaviour .
many of the commentators on the ‘ permissive era ’ , discussed in chapter one , have suggested that it was a period characterised by radical changes in both behaviour and the rules that [lead] behaviour .

Secondly , he suggests , an a priori argument may also be advanced : ‘ What makes a society of any sort is a community of ideas , not only political ideas , but ideas about the way its members should behave and govern their lives ; these latter ideas are its morals .
secondly , he suggests , an a priori argument may also be advanced : ‘ what makes a society of any sort is a community of ideas , not only political ideas , but ideas about the way its members should behave and [lead] their lives ; these latter ideas are its morals .

However , what is perhaps most striking about written productions is how often they can be disambiguated by recourse to the sign language ‘ rules ’ which would govern that meaning .
however , what is perhaps most striking about written productions is how often they can be disambiguated by recourse to the sign language ‘ rules ’ which would [lead] that meaning .

This places men generally in a position of power over women , whether at home , at work or through the political , social and economic systems and institutions which govern our lives .
this places men generally in a position of power over women , whether at home , at work or through the political , social and economic systems and institutions which [lead] our lives .

an institutionalised procedure … of joint determination of the rules to govern the terms and conditions of employment of the workers concerned and the labour-management relationship itself .
an institutionalised procedure … of joint determination of the rules to [lead] the terms and conditions of employment of the workers concerned and the labour-management relationship itself .

She is no more the cause of life than any of the other eight ; she is a representative of the forces that govern our lives in terms of the feminine psyche .
she is no more the cause of life than any of the other eight ; she is a representative of the forces that [lead] our lives in terms of the feminine psyche .

Under pressure from Socrates Thrasymachus concedes the importance of skill and knowledge in winning consent for the rulers , but refuses to admit that the rulers govern in the interests of the ruled .
under pressure from socrates thrasymachus concedes the importance of skill and knowledge in winning consent for the rulers , but refuses to admit that the rulers [lead] in the interests of the ruled .

Technocracy is described by a prophet of the counter-culture as ‘ that society in which those who govern justify themselves by appeal to technical experts who , in turn , justify themselves by appeal to scientific forms of knowledge ’ ( Roszack , 1969 , pp .
technocracy is described by a prophet of the counter-culture as ‘ that society in which those who [lead] justify themselves by appeal to technical experts who , in turn , justify themselves by appeal to scientific forms of knowledge ’ ( roszack , 1969 , pp .

this form of alleged manipulative government could only be transformed by the values of the new caesars , the ‘ fact men ’ of history , who relied on blood , instinct and realpolitik and not on rationalistic ideology to influence masses and govern nations .
this form of alleged manipulative government could only be transformed by the values of the new caesars , the ‘ fact men ’ of history , who relied on blood , instinct and realpolitik and not on rationalistic ideology to influence masses and [lead] nations .

If you die without making a will ( sometimes called ‘ dying intestate ’ ) , strict rules govern who will inherit your property , including money and personal possessions :
if you die without making a will ( sometimes called ‘ dying intestate ’ ) , strict rules [lead] who will inherit your property , including money and personal possessions :

Why anyone should want to govern anyone else continues to escape me .
why anyone should want to [lead] anyone else continues to escape me .

The constitution of the Second Republic , passed in December 1931 after prolonged and sometimes heated parliamentary discussion , reflected the concerns of the Republican-Socialist alliance which , under Azaña 's leadership , was to govern Spain until September 1933 .
the constitution of the second republic , passed in december 1931 after prolonged and sometimes heated parliamentary discussion , reflected the concerns of the republican-socialist alliance which , under azaña 's leadership , was to [lead] spain until september 1933 .

The ‘ Unification ’ of April 1937 , and the appointment in January 1938 of the first Nationalist cabinet , proved to be the first steps in the creation of the authoritarian regime which , following the Nationalist victory in 1939 , was to govern Spain for another 36 years .
the ‘ unification ’ of april 1937 , and the appointment in january 1938 of the first nationalist cabinet , proved to be the first steps in the creation of the authoritarian regime which , following the nationalist victory in 1939 , was to [lead] spain for another 36 years .

The two parts were the laws that govern the electric and magnetic fields , and the laws that govern the motion of bodies .
the two parts were the laws that [lead] the electric and magnetic fields , and the laws that [lead] the motion of bodies .

For example , we already know the physical laws that govern everything that we experience in everyday life .
for example , we already know the physical laws that [lead] everything that we experience in everyday life .

Although in principle we know the equations that govern the whole of biology , we have not been able to reduce the study of human behavior to a branch of applied mathematics .
although in principle we know the equations that [lead] the whole of biology , we have not been able to reduce the study of human behavior to a branch of applied mathematics .

However , a problem arose when people tried to extend this independence of the speed of the observer to the laws that govern the motion of light .
however , a problem arose when people tried to extend this independence of the speed of the observer to the laws that [lead] the motion of light .

It seems that there are well-defined laws that govern how the universe and everything in it develops in time .
it seems that there are well-defined laws that [lead] how the universe and everything in it develops in time .

We already know the basic physical laws that govern the activity of the brain , and they are comparatively simple .
we already know the basic physical laws that [lead] the activity of the brain , and they are comparatively simple .

So although we know the fundamental equations that govern the brain , we are quite unable to use them to predict human behavior .
so although we know the fundamental equations that [lead] the brain , we are quite unable to use them to predict human behavior .

Granted that words have a certain elasticity of meaning , the general rule remains that the judges regard themselves as bound by the words of a statute when these words clearly govern the situation before the court .
granted that words have a certain elasticity of meaning , the general rule remains that the judges regard themselves as bound by the words of a statute when these words clearly [lead] the situation before the court .

It enables people to identify with those who lead or govern them , to see politicians and rulers as both special and , at the same time , exemplifying the character of their followers …
it enables people to identify with those who lead or [lead] them , to see politicians and rulers as both special and , at the same time , exemplifying the character of their followers …

Public Acts of Parliament are general in their application ; they govern all cases falling within categories of which the definitions are to be found in the wording of the statute .
public acts of parliament are general in their application ; they [lead] all cases falling within categories of which the definitions are to be found in the wording of the statute .

Wade and Bradley in Constitutional and Administrative Law ( 1985 ) , p. 3 , state that ‘ constitutional law concerns the relationship between the individual and the state , seen from a particular viewpoint , namely the notion of law … Law is not merely a matter of the rules which govern relations between private individuals … Law concerns the structure and powers of the state .
wade and bradley in constitutional and administrative law ( 1985 ) , p. 3 , state that ‘ constitutional law concerns the relationship between the individual and the state , seen from a particular viewpoint , namely the notion of law … law is not merely a matter of the rules which [lead] relations between private individuals … law concerns the structure and powers of the state .

It privatized morality and undermined the status of those verities that should govern both private and public conduct .
it privatized morality and undermined the status of those verities that should [lead] both private and public conduct .

Their aim is to explore and describe the internal social systems that govern behaviour in these communities , and of course they gain access to these systems through studying overt behaviour in the communities .
their aim is to explore and describe the internal social systems that [lead] behaviour in these communities , and of course they gain access to these systems through studying overt behaviour in the communities .

All employees must receive explicit information about the vision , values , priorities , and rewards that will govern the new state or condition .
all employees must receive explicit information about the vision , values , priorities , and rewards that will [lead] the new state or condition .

The lack of an objective set of standards or principles to govern effectiveness measurement systems creates the potential for two unique problems that may affect the conduct of a program results review assignment .
the lack of an objective set of standards or principles to [lead] effectiveness measurement systems creates the potential for two unique problems that may affect the conduct of a program results review assignment .

Producing the latest generation of automobiles involves making electronic circuits that govern fuel consumption and monitor engine performance ; developments in these devices lead to improved sensing equipment and software for monitoring heartbeats and moisture in the air .
producing the latest generation of automobiles involves making electronic circuits that [lead] fuel consumption and monitor engine performance ; developments in these devices lead to improved sensing equipment and software for monitoring heartbeats and moisture in the air .

The distributions displayed could be determined by other factors — such as the physical environment or the rules in the infrastructure that govern the ‘ world of work ’ , but Todd ( pp .
the distributions displayed could be determined by other factors — such as the physical environment or the rules in the infrastructure that [lead] the ‘ world of work ’ , but todd ( pp .

In this way the real principles of powerlessness which govern these boys ' lives are both doubled over and displaced by the sense of being overpowered or outnumbered by a group which in political and demographic terms are in an even weaker position than they are .
in this way the real principles of powerlessness which [lead] these boys ' lives are both doubled over and displaced by the sense of being overpowered or outnumbered by a group which in political and demographic terms are in an even weaker position than they are .

Basically , it depends on fitting both camera and projector with zoom lenses , exactly synchronized in their movements , in addition to the normal synchronization of the shutters that govern exposure and projection of the image respectively of camera and shutter in simple front or rear projection .
basically , it depends on fitting both camera and projector with zoom lenses , exactly synchronized in their movements , in addition to the normal synchronization of the shutters that [lead] exposure and projection of the image respectively of camera and shutter in simple front or rear projection .

Legal rules govern important aspects of the process of gathering evidence , such as the interrogation of suspects .
legal rules [lead] important aspects of the process of gathering evidence , such as the interrogation of suspects .

Again , Corinthian control was tight : Corinth sent out magistrates annually to govern Potidaia , epidemiourgoi ( Thuc .
again , corinthian control was tight : corinth sent out magistrates annually to [lead] potidaia , epidemiourgoi ( thuc .

( This very Roman-looking institution has another Dorian parallel , the man sent by Sparta every year to govern the offshore island of Kythera .
( this very roman-looking institution has another dorian parallel , the man sent by sparta every year to [lead] the offshore island of kythera .

132 ) when they are sent to govern cities in the north , became the most hated of Spartan institutions .
132 ) when they are sent to [lead] cities in the north , became the most hated of spartan institutions .

1 ) sees family income as a key explanatory variable , as this will influence accessibility and mobility , and largely govern the tenure that can be entered .
1 ) sees family income as a key explanatory variable , as this will influence accessibility and mobility , and largely [lead] the tenure that can be entered .

Callaghan , Healey and company could only ‘ govern ’ : holding the line against inflation through incomes policy ; bemoaning the ‘ intolerable ’ level of unemployment ; waiting for an expansion of world trade to lead a recovery and for North Sea oil to give room for manoeuvre on the balance of payments .
callaghan , healey and company could only ‘ [lead] ’ : holding the line against inflation through incomes policy ; bemoaning the ‘ intolerable ’ level of unemployment ; waiting for an expansion of world trade to lead a recovery and for north sea oil to give room for manoeuvre on the balance of payments .

Since Ferdinand 's instructions to the Junta of Government ( which he left in Madrid to govern while he was at Bayonne ) were to cultivate French friendship at all costs , and since these counsels were not modified until after the outbreak of a popular rising , it meant that official Spain could not take the leadership of the instinctive movement against France .
since ferdinand 's instructions to the junta of government ( which he left in madrid to [lead] while he was at bayonne ) were to cultivate french friendship at all costs , and since these counsels were not modified until after the outbreak of a popular rising , it meant that official spain could not take the leadership of the instinctive movement against france .

The leaders of all human societies , however absolute their authority , are in practice compelled to govern and defend their realms by delegating powers to a wide range of officials , local as well as central , and civil as well as military .
the leaders of all human societies , however absolute their authority , are in practice compelled to [lead] and defend their realms by delegating powers to a wide range of officials , local as well as central , and civil as well as military .

Building societies themselves always reckoned that , over time , prices would go up in line with people 's incomes — which govern how much they can spend .
building societies themselves always reckoned that , over time , prices would go up in line with people 's incomes — which [lead] how much they can spend .

Similar provisions are contained in the Act to govern secondary action aimed at disruption of supply between any person and an associated employer of the employer party to the dispute where the goods or services are in substitution for goods or services which but for the dispute would have fallen to be supplied to or by the employer who is party to the dispute .
similar provisions are contained in the act to [lead] secondary action aimed at disruption of supply between any person and an associated employer of the employer party to the dispute where the goods or services are in substitution for goods or services which but for the dispute would have fallen to be supplied to or by the employer who is party to the dispute .

When Nizan aggressively proclaimed : `` The time for destruction has returned … Let bourgeois philosophy be cudgelled and smashed by the Revolution `` , when he uncompromisingly asserted : `` Let us have the courage to be crude : let the spirit of subtlety be swept down the sewer … There are only two human species left and the only bond between them is hatred : the one that crushes and the one that refuses to be crushed `` when he pointedly remarked : `` In a world brutally divided into those who rule and those who serve , the philosopher must finally acknowledge a long-concealed secret alliance with those who govern or else declare his solidarity with those who are governed .
when nizan aggressively proclaimed : `` the time for destruction has returned … let bourgeois philosophy be cudgelled and smashed by the revolution `` , when he uncompromisingly asserted : `` let us have the courage to be crude : let the spirit of subtlety be swept down the sewer … there are only two human species left and the only bond between them is hatred : the one that crushes and the one that refuses to be crushed `` when he pointedly remarked : `` in a world brutally divided into those who rule and those who serve , the philosopher must finally acknowledge a long-concealed secret alliance with those who [lead] or else declare his solidarity with those who are governed .

Sir John Pennycuick went on to refer to the far-reaching limitations which govern the exercise of the jurisdiction .
sir john pennycuick went on to refer to the far-reaching limitations which [lead] the exercise of the jurisdiction .

Authoritative and instructive as they are , the speeches in Gillick 's case do not deal with the principles which should govern the exercise of this court 's jurisdiction in the present case .
authoritative and instructive as they are , the speeches in gillick 's case do not deal with the principles which should [lead] the exercise of this court 's jurisdiction in the present case .

( a ) The provision of article 10 ( 1 ) ( e ) in the Convention on the Law applicable to Contractual Obligations 1980 ( ‘ the Rome Convention ’ ) , enacted into English law by the Contracts ( Applicable Law ) Act 1990 , that the law applicable to a contract shall govern , inter alia , ‘ the consequences of nullity of the contract , ’ supports the view that on the proper independent interpretation of article 5 ( 1 ) the consequences of nullity must be treated as within the scope of the phrase ‘ matters relating to a contract .
( a ) the provision of article 10 ( 1 ) ( e ) in the convention on the law applicable to contractual obligations 1980 ( ‘ the rome convention ’ ) , enacted into english law by the contracts ( applicable law ) act 1990 , that the law applicable to a contract shall [lead] , inter alia , ‘ the consequences of nullity of the contract , ’ supports the view that on the proper independent interpretation of article 5 ( 1 ) the consequences of nullity must be treated as within the scope of the phrase ‘ matters relating to a contract .

The law applicable to a contract by virtue of articles 3 to 6 and 12 of this Convention shall govern in particular : ( a ) interpretation ; ( b ) performance ; ( c ) within the limits of the powers conferred on the court by its procedural law , the consequences of breach , including the assessment of damages in so far as it is governed by rules of law ; ( d ) the various ways of extinguishing obligations , and prescription and limitations of actions ; ( e ) the consequences of nullity of the contract .
the law applicable to a contract by virtue of articles 3 to 6 and 12 of this convention shall [lead] in particular : ( a ) interpretation ; ( b ) performance ; ( c ) within the limits of the powers conferred on the court by its procedural law , the consequences of breach , including the assessment of damages in so far as it is governed by rules of law ; ( d ) the various ways of extinguishing obligations , and prescription and limitations of actions ; ( e ) the consequences of nullity of the contract .

The Act of 1988 did not govern access to quotas , but the registration of fishing vessels .
the act of 1988 did not [lead] access to quotas , but the registration of fishing vessels .

Clearly there is a need for some international standard to be laid down to govern this .
clearly there is a need for some international standard to be laid down to [lead] this .

During the nineteenth century the ulama became increasingly critical of the Wahar dynasty and found themselves acting in effect as guardians of the people against the governments ; but they did not seek to govern themselves .
during the nineteenth century the ulama became increasingly critical of the wahar dynasty and found themselves acting in effect as guardians of the people against the governments ; but they did not seek to [lead] themselves .

The 12 traditions of each Anonymous Fellowship are all derived from those of Alcoholics Anonymous and they protect against this particular risk by emphasising that the most important member is the newcomer and that leaders are but trusted servants ; they do not govern .
the 12 traditions of each anonymous fellowship are all derived from those of alcoholics anonymous and they protect against this particular risk by emphasising that the most important member is the newcomer and that leaders are but trusted servants ; they do not [lead] .

And the answer to that is that the People of this Country govern Parliament .
and the answer to that is that the people of this country [lead] parliament .

Constitutional theory , in explaining how the various institutions of the state work together and in offering a particular theory of representation connecting state to society , seeks to provide us with answers to large and profound questions about who governs and how ; about who should govern and how ; and about the respective rights of people and the privileges of property in British politics .
constitutional theory , in explaining how the various institutions of the state work together and in offering a particular theory of representation connecting state to society , seeks to provide us with answers to large and profound questions about who governs and how ; about who should [lead] and how ; and about the respective rights of people and the privileges of property in british politics .

New issues and a new vocabulary bubbled to the surface of public debate , and different answers came to be given to enduring questions about who should govern and how .
new issues and a new vocabulary bubbled to the surface of public debate , and different answers came to be given to enduring questions about who should [lead] and how .

The dignified parts `` impressed the many `` and secured public support so that the system was legitimised , but they did not actually govern or wield any real power .
the dignified parts `` impressed the many `` and secured public support so that the system was legitimised , but they did not actually [lead] or wield any real power .

It is they who govern , but in the last analysis it is the people who rule themselves .
it is they who [lead] , but in the last analysis it is the people who rule themselves .

So the people are free , they choose their rulers , and the rulers govern according to the wishes of the people .
so the people are free , they choose their rulers , and the rulers [lead] according to the wishes of the people .

Of course , the electorate may not be fools , and they may pass rough judgements at the polls about which party may govern `` better `` in the future in the light of past performance and potential promise , but there is little point in our pretending that we can `` explain `` voting behaviour on the basis of the electoral appeal of party programmes even though this is the way politicians and the media often tend to present the essence of electoral politics and party choice .
of course , the electorate may not be fools , and they may pass rough judgements at the polls about which party may [lead] `` better `` in the future in the light of past performance and potential promise , but there is little point in our pretending that we can `` explain `` voting behaviour on the basis of the electoral appeal of party programmes even though this is the way politicians and the media often tend to present the essence of electoral politics and party choice .

In addition to stressing these `` internal `` limits on parliamentary democracy in Britain , stress is also placed on `` external `` factors that have contributed to a loss of powers and to a significant reduction in the scope of our capacity to govern ourselves .
in addition to stressing these `` internal `` limits on parliamentary democracy in britain , stress is also placed on `` external `` factors that have contributed to a loss of powers and to a significant reduction in the scope of our capacity to [lead] ourselves .

He stresses the importance of establishing rules and procedures that will govern unit-school relations .
he stresses the importance of establishing rules and procedures that will [lead] unit-school relations .

Thoughts circled relentlessly in her head , jumbled together , so that their rational order of importance no longer seemed to govern .
thoughts circled relentlessly in her head , jumbled together , so that their rational order of importance no longer seemed to [lead] .

Just as astronomers sought for the pattern and the simple laws that must govern the movements of the stars and planets — making the world a real universe or cosmos , an ordered whole — so naturalists sought an arrangement which would make sense of all the different kinds of creatures that they found .
just as astronomers sought for the pattern and the simple laws that must [lead] the movements of the stars and planets — making the world a real universe or cosmos , an ordered whole — so naturalists sought an arrangement which would make sense of all the different kinds of creatures that they found .

‘ For there are other powers , and other laws that govern the soul .
‘ for there are other powers , and other laws that [lead] the soul .

‘ Tara has always been remote , ’ said Raynor without expression , and at once Grainne thought : and that is not a good thing ! Those who govern should be close to those they rule .
‘ tara has always been remote , ’ said raynor without expression , and at once grainne thought : and that is not a good thing ! those who [lead] should be close to those they rule .

Again like many who followed him , Pareto uses the term ‘ governing elite ’ sometimes to mean those who actually do govern and sometimes to mean those who are most qualified to govern .
again like many who followed him , pareto uses the term ‘ governing elite ’ sometimes to mean those who actually do [lead] and sometimes to mean those who are most qualified to [lead] .

At first he had assumed that it must be Siban , baulked from attaining the Dragon Throne , who had hoped to govern the realm through the medium of his son .
at first he had assumed that it must be siban , baulked from attaining the dragon throne , who had hoped to [lead] the realm through the medium of his son .

The lost ‘ geometries of the psyche ’ that govern their existence are intertwined with the materialized properties of discourse .
the lost ‘ geometries of the psyche ’ that [lead] their existence are intertwined with the materialized properties of discourse .

The moral faculty needed to govern the sexual instinct , organizing it on ‘ broad , well-marked mental foundations ’ .30 Chastity , continence and self-control were the highest forms of sexual development because they were regulated by reason and a knowledge of the providential laws of human nature .
the moral faculty needed to [lead] the sexual instinct , organizing it on ‘ broad , well-marked mental foundations ’ .30 chastity , continence and self-control were the highest forms of sexual development because they were regulated by reason and a knowledge of the providential laws of human nature .

But nor is letting your conscience govern my life .
but nor is letting your conscience [lead] my life .

Rules , logic and reason are the principles which govern .
rules , logic and reason are the principles which [lead] .

executive committees which have the power to govern or administer . It can be argued that the board of directors of a limited company is itself a ‘ committee ’ appointed by the shareholders , to the extent that it governs or administers ;
executive committees which have the power to [lead] or administer . it can be argued that the board of directors of a limited company is itself a ‘ committee ’ appointed by the shareholders , to the extent that it governs or administers ;

Pyne occasionally attended the Rump Parliament , but his main achievement during the Commonwealth was to govern Somerset successfully .
pyne occasionally attended the rump parliament , but his main achievement during the commonwealth was to [lead] somerset successfully .

Strictly speaking he was simply a private citizen , but effectively he continued to govern the island , maintaining a court of justice , and generally overseeing its affairs .
strictly speaking he was simply a private citizen , but effectively he continued to [lead] the island , maintaining a court of justice , and generally overseeing its affairs .

’ Despite the acceptance of this principle the Commission found that a large number of people were not obtaining adequate legal services and set out the principles that should , in future , govern the provision of legal services :
’ despite the acceptance of this principle the commission found that a large number of people were not obtaining adequate legal services and set out the principles that should , in future , [lead] the provision of legal services :

The ephemeral nature of fluid flow belies the rigid rules which govern its behaviour .
the ephemeral nature of fluid flow belies the rigid rules which [lead] its behaviour .

‘ But you British , ’ he says , ‘ have lost your will to govern .
‘ but you british , ’ he says , ‘ have lost your will to [lead] .

And no solution is possible as long as men are proud of their will to govern and are not themselves governed by the God Who cares for all races and all men .
and no solution is possible as long as men are proud of their will to [lead] and are not themselves governed by the god who cares for all races and all men .

If this is so , we would expect them to govern aspects of non-linguist ; 6 behaviour too , and indeed they seem to do so .
if this is so , we would expect them to [lead] aspects of non-linguist ; 6 behaviour too , and indeed they seem to do so .

Finally , work in Oxford on a strain of diabetic mouse is beginning to reveal the genes that govern susceptibility to the disease .
finally , work in oxford on a strain of diabetic mouse is beginning to reveal the genes that [lead] susceptibility to the disease .

In recent years it has become increasingly common for businesses buying and selling goods and services to seek to rely on standard terms of trading to govern their contracts .
in recent years it has become increasingly common for businesses buying and selling goods and services to seek to rely on standard terms of trading to [lead] their contracts .

Such terms are used for a wide range of contracts ; this book , however , is primarily concerned with the drafting of standard terms to govern contracts for the supply , or purchase , of goods ( in particular ) or services .
such terms are used for a wide range of contracts ; this book , however , is primarily concerned with the drafting of standard terms to [lead] contracts for the supply , or purchase , of goods ( in particular ) or services .

In recent years , however , it has become increasingly common for businesses to use standard terms of purchase to govern transactions under which they acquire goods and services .
in recent years , however , it has become increasingly common for businesses to use standard terms of purchase to [lead] transactions under which they acquire goods and services .

No matter how much care the drafter puts into the preparation of a set of standard terms , the terms are wholly useless unless they are effectively incorporated into the contracts they are intended to govern .
no matter how much care the drafter puts into the preparation of a set of standard terms , the terms are wholly useless unless they are effectively incorporated into the contracts they are intended to [lead] .

The legal rules which govern the formation of contracts do not mesh easily with common business practices and are often not appreciated by businesses .
the legal rules which [lead] the formation of contracts do not mesh easily with common business practices and are often not appreciated by businesses .

The terms of this order are to govern any contract between the Buyer and Seller and shall prevail over any terms put forward by the Seller , unless the Buyer expressly agrees to them in writing .
the terms of this order are to [lead] any contract between the buyer and seller and shall prevail over any terms put forward by the seller , unless the buyer expressly agrees to them in writing .

The drafter may try to protect his/her client in the battle of the forms by including an appropriate provision in the terms such as : The terms of this order are to govern any contract between the Buyer and Seller and shall prevail over any terms put forward by the Seller , unless the Buyer expressly agrees to them in writing .
the drafter may try to protect his/her client in the battle of the forms by including an appropriate provision in the terms such as : the terms of this order are to [lead] any contract between the buyer and seller and shall prevail over any terms put forward by the seller , unless the buyer expressly agrees to them in writing .

If there is no further communication and the goods or services are supplied , the buyer 's acceptance of the goods or services will also amount to acceptance of the seller 's terms , and they will govern the contract .
if there is no further communication and the goods or services are supplied , the buyer 's acceptance of the goods or services will also amount to acceptance of the seller 's terms , and they will [lead] the contract .

Part Two considers the principles , statutory and otherwise , which govern the investigation of child abuse .
part two considers the principles , statutory and otherwise , which [lead] the investigation of child abuse .

This contains the provisions which govern the making of care and supervision orders .
this contains the provisions which [lead] the making of care and supervision orders .

This contains the provisions which govern the making of child assessment and emergency protection orders .
this contains the provisions which [lead] the making of child assessment and emergency protection orders .

These parts of the Act govern the provision , conduct and management of the various categories of children 's home .
these parts of the act [lead] the provision , conduct and management of the various categories of children 's home .

This principle is reflected in the rules which govern procedural matters .
this principle is reflected in the rules which [lead] procedural matters .

But our judge might be able to guarantee this by making plain that he intends the new rule to govern all future cases , and that the exception for Elmer was made possible only by the fact that no judge had laid down a similar rule before Elmer committed his crime .
but our judge might be able to guarantee this by making plain that he intends the new rule to [lead] all future cases , and that the exception for elmer was made possible only by the fact that no judge had laid down a similar rule before elmer committed his crime .

But this reverses the order of argument most of us would endorse : we share an understanding that our officials must treat all members of the community they govern as equals because we believe they should behave that way , not the other way around . ``
but this reverses the order of argument most of us would endorse : we share an understanding that our officials must treat all members of the community they [lead] as equals because we believe they should behave that way , not the other way around . ``

One of the difficulties of long-term weather forecasting is that very fine details at one time can govern major patterns at a later time .
one of the difficulties of long-term weather forecasting is that very fine details at one time can [lead] major patterns at a later time .

Changes of affect always govern key changes , and as with Campra these also reflect dramatic episodes .
changes of affect always [lead] key changes , and as with campra these also reflect dramatic episodes .

Inevitably therefore , commercial considerations will govern the great bulk of our electronic output .
inevitably therefore , commercial considerations will [lead] the great bulk of our electronic output .

In this model the top level represents strategic information used to govern the long-term behaviour of the organisation .
in this model the top level represents strategic information used to [lead] the long-term behaviour of the organisation .

Lastly , the question as to whose standard terms govern the contract , or even if there is a contract at all , is a difficult one to solve under English law where the parties exchange standard form contracts and then do not negotiate on them .
lastly , the question as to whose standard terms [lead] the contract , or even if there is a contract at all , is a difficult one to solve under english law where the parties exchange standard form contracts and then do not negotiate on them .

The first relates to whether a set of standard conditions should govern the contract in the first place , and the second ( in the case where the parties exchange their respective sets of standard conditions ) to the question of which set shall govern the contract between the parties ( the so-called `` battle of the forms `` ) .
the first relates to whether a set of standard conditions should [lead] the contract in the first place , and the second ( in the case where the parties exchange their respective sets of standard conditions ) to the question of which set shall [lead] the contract between the parties ( the so-called `` battle of the forms `` ) .

In this case , contrary to the wishes of the seller , the buyer 's conditions will govern the contract , because the seller has , in effect , accepted the counter-offer of the buyer , contained in the purchase order , to do business on the buyer 's conditions .
in this case , contrary to the wishes of the seller , the buyer 's conditions will [lead] the contract , because the seller has , in effect , accepted the counter-offer of the buyer , contained in the purchase order , to do business on the buyer 's conditions .

The seller is then likely specifically to reject the buyer 's acknowledgement , and a detailed negotiation as to whose conditions are to govern the contract will probably ensue .
the seller is then likely specifically to reject the buyer 's acknowledgement , and a detailed negotiation as to whose conditions are to [lead] the contract will probably ensue .

Where the parties have a continuing relationship based on a large volume of business under regular orders the most efficient way to proceed is to enter into a framework agreement which regulates the mechanism for placing orders and decides in advance the terms and conditions which will govern each order .
where the parties have a continuing relationship based on a large volume of business under regular orders the most efficient way to proceed is to enter into a framework agreement which regulates the mechanism for placing orders and decides in advance the terms and conditions which will [lead] each order .

Lastly , cl 4.5 provides for the terms and conditions of supply which will govern all orders placed under the agreement .
lastly , cl 4.5 provides for the terms and conditions of supply which will [lead] all orders placed under the agreement .

This is a provision which is usually inserted , since , once an order has been placed , it becomes a separate contract , with a life of its own , and stands or falls on the terms and conditions which govern it .
this is a provision which is usually inserted , since , once an order has been placed , it becomes a separate contract , with a life of its own , and stands or falls on the terms and conditions which [lead] it .

However , in most cases , the best approach is to keep the framework agreement rather along the lines of Precedent 3 for length and simplicity , and to attach a more elaborate set of standard terms and conditions to govern each order .
however , in most cases , the best approach is to keep the framework agreement rather along the lines of precedent 3 for length and simplicity , and to attach a more elaborate set of standard terms and conditions to [lead] each order .

4.5 All such orders will be placed by the Company on the terms and conditions set out in Schedule 3 hereto , which shall govern and form part of every contract for the supply of the Products by the Supplier to the Company and prevail over any express or implied terms or conditions of the Company .
4.5 all such orders will be placed by the company on the terms and conditions set out in schedule 3 hereto , which shall [lead] and form part of every contract for the supply of the products by the supplier to the company and prevail over any express or implied terms or conditions of the company .

Thus the law of contract will govern his entitlement to collect fees and expenses from either or both of the parties , or from some third party ; and it will also govern the amount of the fees and expenses .
thus the law of contract will [lead] his entitlement to collect fees and expenses from either or both of the parties , or from some third party ; and it will also [lead] the amount of the fees and expenses .

The House of Commons did not itself govern , but government was carried on within the confines of its guidance and approval .
the house of commons did not itself [lead] , but government was carried on within the confines of its guidance and approval .

The same principles govern present-day public health regulations .
the same principles [lead] present-day public health regulations .

With the whole of the Angevin Empire to govern Henry Ii had to travel further and faster than most ruling princes .
with the whole of the angevin empire to [lead] henry ii had to travel further and faster than most ruling princes .

Since the laws that govern the behaviour of light are universal , it is not surprising that the number of basic designs for an efficient eye are small .
since the laws that [lead] the behaviour of light are universal , it is not surprising that the number of basic designs for an efficient eye are small .

’ Anthony King , introduction to ‘ Why is Britain becoming harder to govern ?
’ anthony king , introduction to ‘ why is britain becoming harder to [lead] ?

What pragmatic principles govern lexical acquisition ?
what pragmatic principles [lead] lexical acquisition ?

The focus here has been on Conventionality and Contrast , two pragmatic principles that together govern the lexicon .
the focus here has been on conventionality and contrast , two pragmatic principles that together [lead] the lexicon .

They also , of course , govern linguistic units larger than words — idioms , phrases , and larger constructions .
they also , of course , [lead] linguistic units larger than words — idioms , phrases , and larger constructions .

The Court reiterated that ‘ the Convention does not govern the actions of States not parties to it , nor does it purport to be a means of requiring the Contracting States to impose Convention standards on other States .
the court reiterated that ‘ the convention does not [lead] the actions of states not parties to it , nor does it purport to be a means of requiring the contracting states to impose convention standards on other states .

These fibres connect to the peripheral nervous system , through which our sensory faculties operate and with those nerves which govern physical movement by muscular control .
these fibres connect to the peripheral nervous system , through which our sensory faculties operate and with those nerves which [lead] physical movement by muscular control .

Under the electoral system of 1918 , the Unionists had a minimum vote of at least 38 per cent of the electorate , and this would bring at least 250 seats in a parliament of 615 ; in a political world of three parties this almost guaranteed that no other party would govern alone and that the Unionists would usually have a majority .
under the electoral system of 1918 , the unionists had a minimum vote of at least 38 per cent of the electorate , and this would bring at least 250 seats in a parliament of 615 ; in a political world of three parties this almost guaranteed that no other party would [lead] alone and that the unionists would usually have a majority .

He criticised the ‘ mouldy conventions which govern ecclesiastical use of the media , ’ referring to the insensitive , instrumental use of new communication technologies which has tended to characterise attitudes in seminaries and churches in general .
he criticised the ‘ mouldy conventions which [lead] ecclesiastical use of the media , ’ referring to the insensitive , instrumental use of new communication technologies which has tended to characterise attitudes in seminaries and churches in general .

Perhaps , therefore , we should say that public law ought to govern the exercise of public functions whether by governmental or non-governmental bodies .
perhaps , therefore , we should say that public law ought to [lead] the exercise of public functions whether by governmental or non-governmental bodies .

Legislation might be defined as the making of general rules to govern future conduct ; under this definition , Public Acts of Parliament are the central case of legislation .
legislation might be defined as the making of general rules to [lead] future conduct ; under this definition , public acts of parliament are the central case of legislation .

respect of the inalienable right of the people to exercise their democratic right of freely choosing who should govern them ;
respect of the inalienable right of the people to exercise their democratic right of freely choosing who should [lead] them ;

In the name of equality , liberals reject all claims of an inherent right to govern or possess superior wealth based upon caste or status .
in the name of equality , liberals reject all claims of an inherent right to [lead] or possess superior wealth based upon caste or status .

Nevertheless , commentators have argued that the function of these legal rules is to provide a standard set of terms to govern the relationship between the shareholders and the directors , the object being to reduce the transaction costs involved in the parties negotiating a private bargain .
nevertheless , commentators have argued that the function of these legal rules is to provide a standard set of terms to [lead] the relationship between the shareholders and the directors , the object being to reduce the transaction costs involved in the parties negotiating a private bargain .

The interests of the shareholders become an objective standard to govern the actions of the directors .
the interests of the shareholders become an objective standard to [lead] the actions of the directors .

The relationship of the citizen to the state is informed by the democratic ideal ; contract and impersonal technical hierarchy are the principles which govern our work and exchange relationships ; and the ideal of community informs and structures relations between friends and within the family .
the relationship of the citizen to the state is informed by the democratic ideal ; contract and impersonal technical hierarchy are the principles which [lead] our work and exchange relationships ; and the ideal of community informs and structures relations between friends and within the family .

They all produce rugs to order , with strict criteria laid down to govern the sizes , colours , designs and qualities .
they all produce rugs to order , with strict criteria laid down to [lead] the sizes , colours , designs and qualities .

Officials are given the power and authority to carry out tasks , but that power is limited by the rules which govern their office .
officials are given the power and authority to carry out tasks , but that power is limited by the rules which [lead] their office .

Formal committees have rules of procedure which govern the way in which the meeting operates .
formal committees have rules of procedure which [lead] the way in which the meeting operates .

We have described how meetings can have a variety of objectives and be used for a number of tasks , and we have described the procedures which normally govern the operation of formal meetings .
we have described how meetings can have a variety of objectives and be used for a number of tasks , and we have described the procedures which normally [lead] the operation of formal meetings .

In most cases the same result would probably be reached even without a provision to this effect , given that in international commercial transactions the application of mandatory rules is likely to be limited , so that courts will usually respect the autonomy of the parties in choosing the law which is to govern their relationship .
in most cases the same result would probably be reached even without a provision to this effect , given that in international commercial transactions the application of mandatory rules is likely to be limited , so that courts will usually respect the autonomy of the parties in choosing the law which is to [lead] their relationship .

This may be true but presupposes that the law in question is the one which will govern the contract , whereas the reality is that for every contract governed by that law there will be another contract governed by a foreign law with which the party concerned may be unfamiliar , which is in a foreign language he does not understand , and which , when put to the test , may prove demonstrably inferior not only to his own law but to the proposed uniform law .
this may be true but presupposes that the law in question is the one which will [lead] the contract , whereas the reality is that for every contract governed by that law there will be another contract governed by a foreign law with which the party concerned may be unfamiliar , which is in a foreign language he does not understand , and which , when put to the test , may prove demonstrably inferior not only to his own law but to the proposed uniform law .

Such awareness does not govern everything a Home Secretary does or says in public , but it will never be far from his thoughts .
such awareness does not [lead] everything a home secretary does or says in public , but it will never be far from his thoughts .

Hayek points to the fact that many social institutions which are essential to the successful pursuit of our aims are the result of customs , habits , and practices which are not the product of design or invention and which , although they govern thought and action , are often not brought to consciousness .
hayek points to the fact that many social institutions which are essential to the successful pursuit of our aims are the result of customs , habits , and practices which are not the product of design or invention and which , although they [lead] thought and action , are often not brought to consciousness .

For Hayek , law consists of rules of just conduct ; that is , of ‘ purpose-independent rules which govern the conduct of individuals towards each other , are intended to apply to an unknown number of further instances and , by defining a protected domain of each , enable an order of actions to form itself wherein the individuals can make feasible plans ’ Hayek suggests that law is coeval with society .
for hayek , law consists of rules of just conduct ; that is , of ‘ purpose-independent rules which [lead] the conduct of individuals towards each other , are intended to apply to an unknown number of further instances and , by defining a protected domain of each , enable an order of actions to form itself wherein the individuals can make feasible plans ’ hayek suggests that law is coeval with society .

The sociological movement in jurisprudence , the movement for pragmatism as a philosophy of law , the movement for the adjustment of principles and doctrines to the human conditions they are to govern rather than to assumed first principles , the movement for putting the human factor in the central place and relegating logic to its true position as an instrument , has scarcely shown itself as yet in America .
the sociological movement in jurisprudence , the movement for pragmatism as a philosophy of law , the movement for the adjustment of principles and doctrines to the human conditions they are to [lead] rather than to assumed first principles , the movement for putting the human factor in the central place and relegating logic to its true position as an instrument , has scarcely shown itself as yet in america .

The idea here is that Parliament will set the framework of general rules for society , the executive will govern within those rules and an independent judiciary will resolve disputes over the meaning of those rules and will , in particular , keep the executive within the boundaries of law .
the idea here is that parliament will set the framework of general rules for society , the executive will [lead] within those rules and an independent judiciary will resolve disputes over the meaning of those rules and will , in particular , keep the executive within the boundaries of law .

In trying to meet his responsibility to govern , a president must deal not with a select group of leaders but with a multiplicity of party and committee leaders .
in trying to meet his responsibility to [lead] , a president must deal not with a select group of leaders but with a multiplicity of party and committee leaders .

Instead they set out to ride roughshod over the legislative branch , attempting to govern without congress rather than with it .
instead they set out to ride roughshod over the legislative branch , attempting to [lead] without congress rather than with it .

There were no effective leaders with whom he could deal and , at this point , Congressional parties were of little help to a chief executive trying to meet his responsibility to govern .
there were no effective leaders with whom he could deal and , at this point , congressional parties were of little help to a chief executive trying to meet his responsibility to [lead] .

The formulation and implementation of a national energy policy was the first priority of the new president in domestic politics , and , as he saw it , some sort of test both of the governability of the United States and of his exercise of leadership , ‘ Our decision about energy will test the character of the American people and the ability of the President and the Congress to govern this nation .
the formulation and implementation of a national energy policy was the first priority of the new president in domestic politics , and , as he saw it , some sort of test both of the governability of the united states and of his exercise of leadership , ‘ our decision about energy will test the character of the american people and the ability of the president and the congress to [lead] this nation .

To govern rather than merely preside , to bring about meaningful policy change as distinct from tinkering with the status quo , a president must establish a productive relationship with congress .
to [lead] rather than merely preside , to bring about meaningful policy change as distinct from tinkering with the status quo , a president must establish a productive relationship with congress .

Nixon had tried to govern without congress and Ford had been pathetically inconsequential ; Carter , in his memoirs , claimed to have had a reasonably good relationship with the legislature , but this was not a widely shared view .
nixon had tried to [lead] without congress and ford had been pathetically inconsequential ; carter , in his memoirs , claimed to have had a reasonably good relationship with the legislature , but this was not a widely shared view .

One common conception of democracy is that it means `` government by the people `` or at least by the people 's elected representatives — since it is generally accepted , rightly or wrongly , that in large modern states the people themselves can not govern .
one common conception of democracy is that it means `` government by the people `` or at least by the people 's elected representatives — since it is generally accepted , rightly or wrongly , that in large modern states the people themselves can not [lead] .

To what extent is it the elected representatives of the people , that is the House of Commons , who actually govern ?
to what extent is it the elected representatives of the people , that is the house of commons , who actually [lead] ?

The concept was devised , or evolved , to describe an evolving reality — the kind of city-state in which the citizen body did actually govern itself .
the concept was devised , or evolved , to describe an evolving reality — the kind of city-state in which the citizen body did actually [lead] itself .

But every precaution was taken to prevent it usurping the right of the people to govern themselves :
but every precaution was taken to prevent it usurping the right of the people to [lead] themselves :

The king here is the people , who by yearly office Govern in turn .
the king here is the people , who by yearly office [lead] in turn .

Mill , unlike Paine , felt obliged , however , to meet the common bourgeois objection against universal male suffrage that the mass of the people were not fit to govern , and would use political power to `` plunder the rich `` , as Macaulay charged in his formidable attack on Mill 's Essay .
mill , unlike paine , felt obliged , however , to meet the common bourgeois objection against universal male suffrage that the mass of the people were not fit to [lead] , and would use political power to `` plunder the rich `` , as macaulay charged in his formidable attack on mill 's essay .

The idea of a rational democracy is , not that the people themselves govern , but that they have security for good government … the best government ( need it be said ? )
the idea of a rational democracy is , not that the people themselves [lead] , but that they have security for good government … the best government ( need it be said ? )

Similarly , it was Rousseau 's conviction that no one could be truly free who did not govern him/herself , and that therefore only some kind of direct democracy provided the framework within which government and freedom could be reconciled .
similarly , it was rousseau 's conviction that no one could be truly free who did not [lead] him/herself , and that therefore only some kind of direct democracy provided the framework within which government and freedom could be reconciled .

Probably most British people think that the inhabitants of the Falkland Islands , or of Gibraltar , should decide what state should govern them .
probably most british people think that the inhabitants of the falkland islands , or of gibraltar , should decide what state should [lead] them .

For example , even if the essence of democracy is taken to be the process of choosing between elites competing to govern , the very business of choosing can hardly be confined to the visit to the polling booth .
for example , even if the essence of democracy is taken to be the process of choosing between elites competing to [lead] , the very business of choosing can hardly be confined to the visit to the polling booth .

It may make standing orders to govern its procedures .
it may make standing orders to [lead] its procedures .

With it went the need to govern and administer lands thus acquired , and the demand that the inhabitants of those lands should recognise the legitimacy of English rule by taking an oath of allegiance to Henry .
with it went the need to [lead] and administer lands thus acquired , and the demand that the inhabitants of those lands should recognise the legitimacy of english rule by taking an oath of allegiance to henry .

Success in one area of integration would spill over into others , and eventually there would be a need to coordinate and collectively govern the hitherto separate economic organizations : so economic integration would lead to political integration .
success in one area of integration would spill over into others , and eventually there would be a need to coordinate and collectively [lead] the hitherto separate economic organizations : so economic integration would lead to political integration .

If , however , there are always general substantive assumptions being made , which are not at the mercy of experience , because they govern the interpretations of experience , then the diagram is not a complete model of scientific method .
if , however , there are always general substantive assumptions being made , which are not at the mercy of experience , because they [lead] the interpretations of experience , then the diagram is not a complete model of scientific method .

These rules , like those for , say , the conduct of prayer among Muslims , govern the meaning of behaviour and ( as we said apropos of winking and blinking ) so constitute actions .
these rules , like those for , say , the conduct of prayer among muslims , [lead] the meaning of behaviour and ( as we said apropos of winking and blinking ) so constitute actions .

There are , of course , differences between science and religion but they are institutional differences in the kinds of rule which govern ‘ how to go on ’ .
there are , of course , differences between science and religion but they are institutional differences in the kinds of rule which [lead] ‘ how to go on ’ .

For the Church of the fourth century , there would almost certainly have been some rueful and grudging admission that Constantine was a Messiah who had succeeded where Jesus had failed , and that the Messiah as represented by both Constantine and Jesus was indeed a military and political figure — not a god , but a king with a mandate to govern .
for the church of the fourth century , there would almost certainly have been some rueful and grudging admission that constantine was a messiah who had succeeded where jesus had failed , and that the messiah as represented by both constantine and jesus was indeed a military and political figure — not a god , but a king with a mandate to [lead] .

At one stage the United States government supported the position that the Convention dealt comprehensively , and so exclusively , with the procedures to govern the taking of evidence abroad , but it later resiled from this .
at one stage the united states government supported the position that the convention dealt comprehensively , and so exclusively , with the procedures to [lead] the taking of evidence abroad , but it later resiled from this .

The articles opened with the comprehensively damning statement that the king ‘ is not sufficient to govern ’ because throughout his reign he had been led and governed by others who had given him evil counsel , to the dishonour of himself and the destruction of Holy Church and his people , and he had refused to provide any remedy , or to allow one to be made , when he was asked to do so by the great and wise men of his realm .
the articles opened with the comprehensively damning statement that the king ‘ is not sufficient to [lead] ’ because throughout his reign he had been led and governed by others who had given him evil counsel , to the dishonour of himself and the destruction of holy church and his people , and he had refused to provide any remedy , or to allow one to be made , when he was asked to do so by the great and wise men of his realm .

Other conditions may govern the restoration of the site .
other conditions may [lead] the restoration of the site .

At the time of writing , two major developments in the European incentives ' field are still under discussion — the negotiation of the next ( Fourth ) Framework Programme for research and development , and the outcome of the reform of the Structural Fund Regulations ( which govern the operation of the European Regional Development Fund , the European Agricultural Guidance and Guarantee Fund and the European Social Fund ) .
at the time of writing , two major developments in the european incentives ' field are still under discussion — the negotiation of the next ( fourth ) framework programme for research and development , and the outcome of the reform of the structural fund regulations ( which [lead] the operation of the european regional development fund , the european agricultural guidance and guarantee fund and the european social fund ) .

Debate had occurred , and democracy had appeared to govern in the interests of all .
debate had occurred , and democracy had appeared to [lead] in the interests of all .

Because we Copts have let others govern us .
because we copts have let others [lead] us .

We have even helped them to govern .
we have even helped them to [lead] .

Though originally encouraged to reduce their dependence on civil servants , the soldiers could not govern alone .
though originally encouraged to reduce their dependence on civil servants , the soldiers could not [lead] alone .

We 've a right to govern our own country , and we 've a right not to be told by other countries that we should be split into two , that we 're two different nations because they decided to split us down the middle .
we 've a right to [lead] our own country , and we 've a right not to be told by other countries that we should be split into two , that we 're two different nations because they decided to split us down the middle .

He is held personally responsible for complying with the many rules and regulations that govern its use .
he is held personally responsible for complying with the many rules and regulations that [lead] its use .

Nemeth said of Hungary 's transition to multiparty democracy that `` the revolution happened not only because people did not want to live in that way , but also because the government did not want to govern in that way `` .
nemeth said of hungary 's transition to multiparty democracy that `` the revolution happened not only because people did not want to live in that way , but also because the government did not want to [lead] in that way `` .

John Standish , a royal chaplain , concluded his Assize sermon at Hertford in March 1683 by imploring his auditors to `` Govern according to Law ; and make it your care , that our wholesome Laws be vigorously and impartially executed `` .
john standish , a royal chaplain , concluded his assize sermon at hertford in march 1683 by imploring his auditors to `` [lead] according to law ; and make it your care , that our wholesome laws be vigorously and impartially executed `` .

Governments have to govern people , and not only do their policies have a direct impact on the population at large , and are likely to be shaped to some degree by an awareness of what that impact might be , but policies can also be a response to pressures or problems that emerge out of society .
governments have to [lead] people , and not only do their policies have a direct impact on the population at large , and are likely to be shaped to some degree by an awareness of what that impact might be , but policies can also be a response to pressures or problems that emerge out of society .

Support for the Jacobite cause grew further as a result of the insensitive way the new regime in England began to govern Scotland .
support for the jacobite cause grew further as a result of the insensitive way the new regime in england began to [lead] scotland .

This desire should govern every aspect of living as desire for health dominates a sick man — it is the very mainspring of action , `` rote of al wirkynge `` ( 47.558 ) .
this desire should [lead] every aspect of living as desire for health dominates a sick man — it is the very mainspring of action , `` rote of al wirkynge `` ( 47.558 ) .

Hilton here formulates the same perceptions that govern Rolle 's understanding of the role of meditations on the Passion when he says : In fact Hilton gives no very precise rules about meditation itself because he is aware that it relates intimately to each individual 's unique personality and gifts .
hilton here formulates the same perceptions that [lead] rolle 's understanding of the role of meditations on the passion when he says : in fact hilton gives no very precise rules about meditation itself because he is aware that it relates intimately to each individual 's unique personality and gifts .

Guidelines have been devised by the Network members to govern their conduct during the most common kinds of situations giving rise to contact between Network members . Hence , the guidelines cover the following situations :
guidelines have been devised by the network members to [lead] their conduct during the most common kinds of situations giving rise to contact between network members . hence , the guidelines cover the following situations :

present in brief checklist form the protocols that should govern the different kinds of cross-border interaction ; and
present in brief checklist form the protocols that should [lead] the different kinds of cross-border interaction ; and

Nothing in these Guidelines is intended to prevent two Network members from reaching mutual agreement , on an ad hoc basis , for the application of a different set of protocols to govern their relationship in a particular transaction .
nothing in these guidelines is intended to prevent two network members from reaching mutual agreement , on an ad hoc basis , for the application of a different set of protocols to [lead] their relationship in a particular transaction .

The project will examine the economic principle that should govern the taxation of energy ( domestic and industrial fuels and motor fuel ) in the single European market , and will assess the range of effects ( including effects on industrial competitiveness , environmental objectives , income distribution and public revenues ) that would result from the adoption of various possible Community rules for the structure and level of energy taxes .
the project will examine the economic principle that should [lead] the taxation of energy ( domestic and industrial fuels and motor fuel ) in the single european market , and will assess the range of effects ( including effects on industrial competitiveness , environmental objectives , income distribution and public revenues ) that would result from the adoption of various possible community rules for the structure and level of energy taxes .

But it would also revolutionize the ordinary person 's understanding of the laws that govern the universe .
but it would also revolutionize the ordinary person 's understanding of the laws that [lead] the universe .

We would then all be able to have some understanding of the laws that govern the universe and are responsible for our existence .
we would then all be able to have some understanding of the laws that [lead] the universe and are responsible for our existence .

His right to govern himself by his own vote , which he had fought for and wrestled from the grip of the landed gentry himself only ten years ago .
his right to [lead] himself by his own vote , which he had fought for and wrestled from the grip of the landed gentry himself only ten years ago .

The Intestacy Rules will govern the distribution of your property if you do not make a will .
the intestacy rules will [lead] the distribution of your property if you do not make a will .

This refers to principles and rules which govern agreements and relationships entered into by individuals and undertakings .
this refers to principles and rules which [lead] agreements and relationships entered into by individuals and undertakings .

Alba was empty enough of men to govern and serve , without throwing them away to no purpose .
alba was empty enough of men to [lead] and serve , without throwing them away to no purpose .

It emerged early on that each side was determined to deny the other the means of generating enough income not only to prosecute the war but also to govern the country .
it emerged early on that each side was determined to deny the other the means of generating enough income not only to prosecute the war but also to [lead] the country .

Denial of oil exports to Iran was conceived both as a means of rendering that country harder to govern , thus denting the morale of its leadership , and as retaliation for the severance of Iraq 's own crude export systems by Iran .
denial of oil exports to iran was conceived both as a means of rendering that country harder to [lead] , thus denting the morale of its leadership , and as retaliation for the severance of iraq 's own crude export systems by iran .

Here again Iran 's strategic aim had been to render its opponent harder to govern .
here again iran 's strategic aim had been to render its opponent harder to [lead] .

[ its ] own mores , which govern the relations of its members to each other , and it may have a high degree of morale , developed in fighting other gangs or defying the law' .
[ its ] own mores , which [lead] the relations of its members to each other , and it may have a high degree of morale , developed in fighting other gangs or defying the law' .

With the growing emphasis on information technology for competitive advantage , systems planning may to some extent govern business plans and certainly influence them .
with the growing emphasis on information technology for competitive advantage , systems planning may to some extent [lead] business plans and certainly influence them .

Therefore , perhaps Labour as the largest anti-Protection party , should be allowed to govern .
therefore , perhaps labour as the largest anti-protection party , should be allowed to [lead] .

Labour , however , was determined to govern on its own , without recourse to coalition .
labour , however , was determined to [lead] on its own , without recourse to coalition .

Either , therefore , Labour would govern with the support of the Liberals which would indeed make the Liberals the arbiters of government ; or Labour would be defeated in the House , and seek a dissolution which would be denied to them .
either , therefore , labour would [lead] with the support of the liberals which would indeed make the liberals the arbiters of government ; or labour would be defeated in the house , and seek a dissolution which would be denied to them .

The speeches by and in support of the hon. and learned Member for Leicester , West raised important questions of principle that govern three important matters : first , the need for open justice ; secondly , the provision of proper opportunities for the defence in criminal proceedings to deploy the case on which the defence relies ; and thirdly , the issue on which we focused most , the effect of the existence of those rights on third parties who necessarily can play no part in the proceedings and who consequently have no immediate opportunity to defend themselves or their reputations .
the speeches by and in support of the hon. and learned member for leicester , west raised important questions of principle that [lead] three important matters : first , the need for open justice ; secondly , the provision of proper opportunities for the defence in criminal proceedings to deploy the case on which the defence relies ; and thirdly , the issue on which we focused most , the effect of the existence of those rights on third parties who necessarily can play no part in the proceedings and who consequently have no immediate opportunity to defend themselves or their reputations .

After the recent elections , even Brussels can not govern itself and it looks as if the multilingual state of Belgium is about to collapse .
after the recent elections , even brussels can not [lead] itself and it looks as if the multilingual state of belgium is about to collapse .

He said that the Government were out of touch with homelessness and with the hopelessness of large sections of society , and that they had forfeited their right to govern .
he said that the government were out of touch with homelessness and with the hopelessness of large sections of society , and that they had forfeited their right to [lead] .

When will the Prime Minister of England and that lackey of his in St. Andrew 's house admit that they are bereft of all moral and political authority to govern the people of Scotland ? Why will not the Prime Minister accept the challenge of a referendum ? Is he feared that he will lose and that independence will win ?
when will the prime minister of england and that lackey of his in st. andrew 's house admit that they are bereft of all moral and political authority to [lead] the people of scotland ? why will not the prime minister accept the challenge of a referendum ? is he feared that he will lose and that independence will win ?

The right to govern Scotland flows from general elections .
the right to [lead] scotland flows from general elections .

The Minister asks what Labour will do when it gets the chance to govern .
the minister asks what labour will do when it gets the chance to [lead] .

The Government are guilty of mismanagement , gross neglect and maladministration , and should be turned out tomorrow because they are not fit to govern .
the government are guilty of mismanagement , gross neglect and maladministration , and should be turned out tomorrow because they are not fit to [lead] .

The citizens charter sets out principles that will govern the way in which every public sector organisation treats those who use their services .
the citizens charter sets out principles that will [lead] the way in which every public sector organisation treats those who use their services .

How can an unprecedented association of nations which come together voluntarily govern itself effectively , responsibly and responsively ?
how can an unprecedented association of nations which come together voluntarily [lead] itself effectively , responsibly and responsively ?

Everyone will try to guess the state of the market and to govern his actions accordingly .
everyone will try to guess the state of the market and to [lead] his actions accordingly .

We have next to inquire what causes govern supply prices , that is prices which dealers are willing to accept for different amounts .
we have next to inquire what causes [lead] supply prices , that is prices which dealers are willing to accept for different amounts .

The circumstances which govern this price for any given amount of the commodity vary in character from one problem to another ; but in every case the more of a thing is offered for sale in a market the lower is the price at which it will find purchasers ; or in other words , the demand price for each bushel or yard diminishes with every increase in the amount offered .
the circumstances which [lead] this price for any given amount of the commodity vary in character from one problem to another ; but in every case the more of a thing is offered for sale in a market the lower is the price at which it will find purchasers ; or in other words , the demand price for each bushel or yard diminishes with every increase in the amount offered .

The bodies that govern companies , unions , clubs and nations all employ people to do work , and they all organize these employees in managerial hierarchies , systems that allow organizations to hold people accountable for getting assigned work done .
the bodies that [lead] companies , unions , clubs and nations all employ people to do work , and they all organize these employees in managerial hierarchies , systems that allow organizations to hold people accountable for getting assigned work done .

to govern the upturned land ,
to [lead] the upturned land ,

Another way of stating this point would be to say that the revival and growth of social movements in those societies which are both economically advanced and have a fairly long tradition of democracy , is a major aspect of that ‘ self-production ’ of society referred to earlier , which exists in some degree already , but is still more an ideal representation of a future form of society , ‘ free of domination ’ , in which the collectivity would really govern itself , by procedures of rational discussion among equal citizens .
another way of stating this point would be to say that the revival and growth of social movements in those societies which are both economically advanced and have a fairly long tradition of democracy , is a major aspect of that ‘ self-production ’ of society referred to earlier , which exists in some degree already , but is still more an ideal representation of a future form of society , ‘ free of domination ’ , in which the collectivity would really [lead] itself , by procedures of rational discussion among equal citizens .

The changes over time in capital and labour then govern the equilibrium path followed .
the changes over time in capital and labour then [lead] the equilibrium path followed .

For there to be democracy , there must be accountability by those who govern to those who are governed .
for there to be democracy , there must be accountability by those who [lead] to those who are governed .

The selection rules that govern the intensities of valence electronic transitions are derived from the quantum mechanical equations that are used to formalize and understand the processes involved .
the selection rules that [lead] the intensities of valence electronic transitions are derived from the quantum mechanical equations that are used to formalize and understand the processes involved .

The diagenetic fabric of a sedimentary rock is therefore largely dependent on the original sediment composition , although fluctuating pore fluid compositions may govern the rate , the extent and the relative timing of diagenetic reactions .
the diagenetic fabric of a sedimentary rock is therefore largely dependent on the original sediment composition , although fluctuating pore fluid compositions may [lead] the rate , the extent and the relative timing of diagenetic reactions .

But how exactly did men `` govern manfully `` in the ninth century ?
but how exactly did men `` [lead] manfully `` in the ninth century ?

He still believed it was his God given right to govern .
he still believed it was his god given right to [lead] .

In setting out these practical implications , the Guidelines recognise and draw engineers ' attention to the importance of the other influences which should govern their conduct .
in setting out these practical implications , the guidelines recognise and draw engineers ' attention to the importance of the other influences which should [lead] their conduct .

We do not intend to set up an alternative formal system ( uninterpreted in itself ) to act as the interpretation for our syntax , and we shall not just specify patterns of co-occurring word classes on the supposition that causal factors are described by exhibiting the phenomena they govern ( or , worse , that the two are the same ) ; this mistake , which has been widely made , reverses the logical priorities — rather as if one were to answer an enquiry about the underlying geological structure of a region by offering aerial photographs of the terrain .
we do not intend to set up an alternative formal system ( uninterpreted in itself ) to act as the interpretation for our syntax , and we shall not just specify patterns of co-occurring word classes on the supposition that causal factors are described by exhibiting the phenomena they [lead] ( or , worse , that the two are the same ) ; this mistake , which has been widely made , reverses the logical priorities — rather as if one were to answer an enquiry about the underlying geological structure of a region by offering aerial photographs of the terrain .

On the other hand , the group of verbs which occur with predicate qualifiers will be expected to exhibit some degree of compatibility with the noun phrase element of the structure which they govern , although this does not imply that they have to make exactly the same sort of sense when they occur with that phrase alone as they do when the adjective is present , for the very reason that the adjective provides the syntactic-semantic condition under which the relation between the verb and its object holds ; compare leave the items and leave the items date-stamped .
on the other hand , the group of verbs which occur with predicate qualifiers will be expected to exhibit some degree of compatibility with the noun phrase element of the structure which they [lead] , although this does not imply that they have to make exactly the same sort of sense when they occur with that phrase alone as they do when the adjective is present , for the very reason that the adjective provides the syntactic-semantic condition under which the relation between the verb and its object holds ; compare leave the items and leave the items date-stamped .

Peter , who was in office , was accepted and confirmed as prefect , but on condition that he would govern according to Innocent 's orders .
peter , who was in office , was accepted and confirmed as prefect , but on condition that he would [lead] according to innocent 's orders .

‘ Do n't you think that if after seven hundred years of London government , you ca n't do better than this , you ought to leave Ireland to govern itself , and get out with the best grace you may ?
‘ do n't you think that if after seven hundred years of london government , you ca n't do better than this , you ought to leave ireland to [lead] itself , and get out with the best grace you may ?

Most speakers , he said , agreed that President Mobutu Sese Seko should stay in office during the transitional period but `` only if he were to rule and not govern `` .
most speakers , he said , agreed that president mobutu sese seko should stay in office during the transitional period but `` only if he were to rule and not [lead] `` .

Gen. Than Shwe said that `` at present we can not find any organization that can govern the country in a peaceful and stable manner `` .
gen. than shwe said that `` at present we can not find any organization that can [lead] the country in a peaceful and stable manner `` .

In a forthright and emotional speech she declared that Gorbachev `` does not have the moral right to govern `` .
in a forthright and emotional speech she declared that gorbachev `` does not have the moral right to [lead] `` .

Walesa described Tyminski 's success as `` an accident of Polish democracy `` and claimed that he did not know enough about Poland to govern the country .
walesa described tyminski 's success as `` an accident of polish democracy `` and claimed that he did not know enough about poland to [lead] the country .

The delegation presented a 16-page plan for the election of a Palestinian legislature to govern a demilitarized West Bank and Gaza Strip .
the delegation presented a 16-page plan for the election of a palestinian legislature to [lead] a demilitarized west bank and gaza strip .

While certain of the criticisms made then are now widely accepted even within the medical profession itself , no new consensus has yet emerged on the goals of health policy or the principles which should govern its organisation and distribution .
while certain of the criticisms made then are now widely accepted even within the medical profession itself , no new consensus has yet emerged on the goals of health policy or the principles which should [lead] its organisation and distribution .

In describing the negotiations for Æthelred 's return from exile in 1014 , this says that the king was informed that no lord was dearer to them than their native lord , if he would govern them more justly ( rihtlicor ) than before , and that he then promised to remedy the things that they all hated .
in describing the negotiations for æthelred 's return from exile in 1014 , this says that the king was informed that no lord was dearer to them than their native lord , if he would [lead] them more justly ( rihtlicor ) than before , and that he then promised to remedy the things that they all hated .

Particular attention has correspondingly been drawn to the manner in which moral blemishes in Symkyn the miller and his relatives by blood and marriage pervade the Reeve 's Tale and govern — or are implicit in — the unfolding of the narrative .
particular attention has correspondingly been drawn to the manner in which moral blemishes in symkyn the miller and his relatives by blood and marriage pervade the reeve 's tale and [lead] — or are implicit in — the unfolding of the narrative .

prepositions govern the suffixes of the following nouns .
prepositions [lead] the suffixes of the following nouns .

Individually we are very much the same , but the circumstances that govern our lives might be quite different .
individually we are very much the same , but the circumstances that [lead] our lives might be quite different .

Although Labour fought a highly professional and glossy campaign — as in 1987 — it again failed to convince people that the party and Mr Kinnock were ready to govern .
although labour fought a highly professional and glossy campaign — as in 1987 — it again failed to convince people that the party and mr kinnock were ready to [lead] .

It is the qualification rules — the lack of them , that is — that are at fault and New Zealand are no worse than several other countries , including the Home Unions , in allowing , in the absence of directives , expediency to govern selection .
it is the qualification rules — the lack of them , that is — that are at fault and new zealand are no worse than several other countries , including the home unions , in allowing , in the absence of directives , expediency to [lead] selection .

They are prepared to rate the parties ' campaigns in the style of drama critics reviewing theatrical performances , at the same time forming separate judgments about the parties ' and leaders ' ability to govern .
they are prepared to rate the parties ' campaigns in the style of drama critics reviewing theatrical performances , at the same time forming separate judgments about the parties ' and leaders ' ability to [lead] .

The Empire reached its zenith after the First World War with the acquisition of former German colonies in Africa and with the addition of League of Nations mandates to govern parts of the old Ottoman Empire in the Middle East — Palestine , Jordan and Iraq .
the empire reached its zenith after the first world war with the acquisition of former german colonies in africa and with the addition of league of nations mandates to [lead] parts of the old ottoman empire in the middle east — palestine , jordan and iraq .

What they will add up to is anyone 's guess at the moment ; inflation , uncertainty about the pace and impact of climate change , and the political factors which govern priorities make any attempt at assessment a futile exercise .
what they will add up to is anyone 's guess at the moment ; inflation , uncertainty about the pace and impact of climate change , and the political factors which [lead] priorities make any attempt at assessment a futile exercise .

But the bombardment of Tel Aviv has exposed another split , one that could , in time , prove just as dangerous to the allies : the division between Arab governments and the people they govern .
but the bombardment of tel aviv has exposed another split , one that could , in time , prove just as dangerous to the allies : the division between arab governments and the people they [lead] .

Nigel Lawson , a former chancellor , suggested that the government 's indecision over the poll tax called into question its ability to govern .
nigel lawson , a former chancellor , suggested that the government 's indecision over the poll tax called into question its ability to [lead] .

Poor polls , one showing Labour ahead by six points , were followed by an attack by a former chancellor , Nigel Lawson , who questioned the government 's ability to govern .
poor polls , one showing labour ahead by six points , were followed by an attack by a former chancellor , nigel lawson , who questioned the government 's ability to [lead] .

He quoted a former French Radical prime minister , Pierre Mendès-France , ‘ who said that ‘ to govern was to choose ' .
he quoted a former french radical prime minister , pierre mendès-france , ‘ who said that ‘ to [lead] was to choose ' .

First , Mr Deng was more committed to the power of the Communist Party and to party discipline , although he also understood that as long as basic stability and prosperity were ensured , the party should guide but not govern .
first , mr deng was more committed to the power of the communist party and to party discipline , although he also understood that as long as basic stability and prosperity were ensured , the party should guide but not [lead] .

For one thing , the people elected Solidarity to govern and it has been governing for barely seven months .
for one thing , the people elected solidarity to [lead] and it has been governing for barely seven months .

Two High Court judges ruled that a Department of Social Security assessment officer had taken an ‘ erroneous ’ view of the regulations which govern the means test for legal aid .
two high court judges ruled that a department of social security assessment officer had taken an ‘ erroneous ’ view of the regulations which [lead] the means test for legal aid .

Almost half of Labour supporters would prefer Mr Kinnock to try to govern without the support of another party , but 36 per cent favour a deal with Mr Ashdown .
almost half of labour supporters would prefer mr kinnock to try to [lead] without the support of another party , but 36 per cent favour a deal with mr ashdown .

The mass rally in Florence by the Christian Democrats — who are increasing their support in the south and losing it in the north — to celebrate the hundredth anniversary of the start of the Christian Democrat movement , and the appeal to ‘ trust those who know how to govern ’ , seemed curiously old-fashioned and out of key .
the mass rally in florence by the christian democrats — who are increasing their support in the south and losing it in the north — to celebrate the hundredth anniversary of the start of the christian democrat movement , and the appeal to ‘ trust those who know how to [lead] ’ , seemed curiously old-fashioned and out of key .

There are three options facing a party attempting to govern without an overall majority .
there are three options facing a party attempting to [lead] without an overall majority .

The chances are that , if Mr Major gives way to Mr Kinnock in a hung Parliament , Labour will attempt to govern as a minority administration .
the chances are that , if mr major gives way to mr kinnock in a hung parliament , labour will attempt to [lead] as a minority administration .

It is easier to carve Neil Kinnock into chunks : the party boss , the family man , the orator , the man who is fit to govern , the would-be Prime Minister .
it is easier to carve neil kinnock into chunks : the party boss , the family man , the orator , the man who is fit to [lead] , the would-be prime minister .

As the figures show , Conservative supporters are keenest that their party should govern on its own .
as the figures show , conservative supporters are keenest that their party should [lead] on its own .

The Tories won no votes by describing Mr Kinnock as unfit to govern .
the tories won no votes by describing mr kinnock as unfit to [lead] .

Mr Paddy Ashdown issued his starkest warning yet that he would be prepared to force a second election if either of the two main parties sought to govern on a minority basis .
mr paddy ashdown issued his starkest warning yet that he would be prepared to force a second election if either of the two main parties sought to [lead] on a minority basis .

Handing over the power to tax and spend means handing over the power to govern .
handing over the power to tax and spend means handing over the power to [lead] .

‘ It is the most common form , an anti-parliamentarianism of crisis , a sudden flame of protest against the cronies who govern us , a deep desire , which come from a desperate belief that ‘ things must change ’ .
‘ it is the most common form , an anti-parliamentarianism of crisis , a sudden flame of protest against the cronies who [lead] us , a deep desire , which come from a desperate belief that ‘ things must change ’ .

This is the meaning of de Gaulle 's exasperated remark , ‘ How can one govern a country which makes 400 different types of cheese ?
this is the meaning of de gaulle 's exasperated remark , ‘ how can one [lead] a country which makes 400 different types of cheese ?

We believe in citizenship , not subjecthood — in the ability of all individuals to exercise power over the institutions that govern their lives .
we believe in citizenship , not subjecthood — in the ability of all individuals to exercise power over the institutions that [lead] their lives .

the process of deciding on objectives of the organisation , on changes in these objectives , on the resources used to attain these objectives and on the policies that are to govern the acquisition , use and disposition of these resources . Anthony ( 1965 ) p. 24
the process of deciding on objectives of the organisation , on changes in these objectives , on the resources used to attain these objectives and on the policies that are to [lead] the acquisition , use and disposition of these resources . anthony ( 1965 ) p. 24

Kummer ( 1975 ) has also done much to clarify the rules that govern the formation of a gelada harem .
kummer ( 1975 ) has also done much to clarify the rules that [lead] the formation of a gelada harem .

Light-sensitive cells govern lens-aperture and shutter-speed settings ; infra-red beams measure distances to activate lens focusing ; motors wind films and operate zoom lenses .
light-sensitive cells [lead] lens-aperture and shutter-speed settings ; infra-red beams measure distances to activate lens focusing ; motors wind films and operate zoom lenses .

The results confirm the so-called Standard Model , the theory which physicists have built up over the past 15 years to explain both the nature of matter and the forces which govern it .
the results confirm the so-called standard model , the theory which physicists have built up over the past 15 years to explain both the nature of matter and the forces which [lead] it .

In the North , protestant loyalists accuse catholic nationalists of not accepting the rights of the majority in the statelet to govern as it sees fit .
in the north , protestant loyalists accuse catholic nationalists of not accepting the rights of the majority in the statelet to [lead] as it sees fit .

For the insider such an exploration of the secular rituals and social constructs which govern police practice will hold what Myerhoff and Moore ( 1977 : 18 ) have described as ‘ the possibility that we will encounter ourselves making up conceptions of the world , society , our very selves .
for the insider such an exploration of the secular rituals and social constructs which [lead] police practice will hold what myerhoff and moore ( 1977 : 18 ) have described as ‘ the possibility that we will encounter ourselves making up conceptions of the world , society , our very selves .

It 's the rise and fall in these hormone levels which govern when you feel attracted to someone and how compatible you are with your partner .
it 's the rise and fall in these hormone levels which [lead] when you feel attracted to someone and how compatible you are with your partner .

The system will automatically prevent a train passing through signals in dangerous situations , and will also govern speeds in restricted areas , an advance on the present automatic warning system , which sends warning signals to the driver .
the system will automatically prevent a train passing through signals in dangerous situations , and will also [lead] speeds in restricted areas , an advance on the present automatic warning system , which sends warning signals to the driver .

The axiom with which America confronted them was that a government so controlled could not govern any population not represented in that Parliament .
the axiom with which america confronted them was that a government so controlled could not [lead] any population not represented in that parliament .

The legal terms of this agreement will not necessarily govern the day-to-day relationship between the record company and artist , but it will set out the obligations of both parties , or ‘ who is responsible for what ’ .
the legal terms of this agreement will not necessarily [lead] the day-to-day relationship between the record company and artist , but it will set out the obligations of both parties , or ‘ who is responsible for what ’ .

Royalties on record sales govern how much an artist earns from his or her recording career .
royalties on record sales [lead] how much an artist earns from his or her recording career .

She has challenged certain long-established political assumptions : that a government could not be re-elected if it presided over a massive increase in unemployment ; or that a government had to govern with the consent and co-operation of the major interests , particularly business and the unions .
she has challenged certain long-established political assumptions : that a government could not be re-elected if it presided over a massive increase in unemployment ; or that a government had to [lead] with the consent and co-operation of the major interests , particularly business and the unions .

Marx 's challenge to capitalism therefore took the general form of demonstrating the general forces which govern the history of man , and demonstrating how historical processes produce systems of institutions and ideas os such complexity that their origin can only be discovered with great theoretical effort and by examination of the historical evidence .
marx 's challenge to capitalism therefore took the general form of demonstrating the general forces which [lead] the history of man , and demonstrating how historical processes produce systems of institutions and ideas os such complexity that their origin can only be discovered with great theoretical effort and by examination of the historical evidence .

It is also perfectly valid to use data about other cultures to show that , because these cultures work on other principles than the principles which govern our society , the principles are historically specific and not universal and unchangeable .
it is also perfectly valid to use data about other cultures to show that , because these cultures work on other principles than the principles which [lead] our society , the principles are historically specific and not universal and unchangeable .

What he states is that the dame general principles govern their development , although conditions were so different that these principles had considerably different effects in the different cases .
what he states is that the dame general principles [lead] their development , although conditions were so different that these principles had considerably different effects in the different cases .

The burgeoning of the Liberal-SDP Alliance was largely the consequence of Labour 's perceived unfitness to govern .
the burgeoning of the liberal-sdp alliance was largely the consequence of labour 's perceived unfitness to [lead] .

This rent in the tribal fabric was torn wider by Dr Elijah White , Superintendent of Indian Affairs , who presented the Nez Perce with a set of rules to govern them , and demanded that they appoint a head chief .
this rent in the tribal fabric was torn wider by dr elijah white , superintendent of indian affairs , who presented the nez perce with a set of rules to [lead] them , and demanded that they appoint a head chief .

It recognises that the newer and better way to govern the law-breaker is not through the expiring system of the cell and the lash , but rather through the mind and the heart ( Bridgwater , 1909 , p. 9 ) .
it recognises that the newer and better way to [lead] the law-breaker is not through the expiring system of the cell and the lash , but rather through the mind and the heart ( bridgwater , 1909 , p. 9 ) .

The days of immediate response and speedy marches were over for Charles with such a complex and expanding realm to govern ; two years passed before he invaded the Avar lands in retribution .
the days of immediate response and speedy marches were over for charles with such a complex and expanding realm to [lead] ; two years passed before he invaded the avar lands in retribution .

It is undemocratic to govern an area without an electoral mandate .
it is undemocratic to [lead] an area without an electoral mandate .

The Tories , to their credit , submitted themselves to a democratic election in a part of the territory which they govern — and they were routed .
the tories , to their credit , submitted themselves to a democratic election in a part of the territory which they [lead] — and they were routed .

It is simply the case that the party should be there while it intends to govern Northern Ireland and it should be exerting itself to offer the voters a real alternative to sectarian politics .
it is simply the case that the party should be there while it intends to [lead] northern ireland and it should be exerting itself to offer the voters a real alternative to sectarian politics .

In no other aspect of public affairs has the authority of the Executive been abused as much as in Civil , Religious and Democratic Liberties . This is the outstanding feature which has enabled the Unionist Party to create divisions and govern unchallenged since the foundation of the Northern Ireland Parliament …
in no other aspect of public affairs has the authority of the executive been abused as much as in civil , religious and democratic liberties . this is the outstanding feature which has enabled the unionist party to create divisions and [lead] unchallenged since the foundation of the northern ireland parliament …

‘ If these figures are true the Tories have lost their authority to govern , ’ said one , putting a brave face on an impending disaster with an instant briefing faxed from Party headquarters in Walworth Road .
‘ if these figures are true the tories have lost their authority to [lead] , ’ said one , putting a brave face on an impending disaster with an instant briefing faxed from party headquarters in walworth road .

In the country , the underlying tide of opinion is favourable to Labour : in six months , Gallup 's ‘ fitness to govern ’ test has turned from a negative to a positive while , remarkably , two-thirds of respondents believe they would be better off under Labour .
in the country , the underlying tide of opinion is favourable to labour : in six months , gallup 's ‘ fitness to [lead] ’ test has turned from a negative to a positive while , remarkably , two-thirds of respondents believe they would be better off under labour .

For example : is the subject taken from classical literature with its firm structural rules like those which govern Balanchine 's Apollo ?
for example : is the subject taken from classical literature with its firm structural rules like those which [lead] balanchine 's apollo ?

He added : ‘ For the first time in energy policy history , the environment will govern our energy policy .
he added : ‘ for the first time in energy policy history , the environment will [lead] our energy policy .

Here the battles over sex education and opting out will take place , but there will be further battles over the ability to govern and effective use of resources .
here the battles over sex education and opting out will take place , but there will be further battles over the ability to [lead] and effective use of resources .

But though obedience may be justly required , servility is not to be exacted ; and though it may be lawful to exert authority , it must be remembered , that to govern and to tyrannize are very different , and that oppression will naturally provoke rebellion
but though obedience may be justly required , servility is not to be exacted ; and though it may be lawful to exert authority , it must be remembered , that to [lead] and to tyrannize are very different , and that oppression will naturally provoke rebellion

17.12 In early writing we see errors of letter formation , spelling and composition occurring as children make hypotheses about the rules that govern the writing system .
17.12 in early writing we see errors of letter formation , spelling and composition occurring as children make hypotheses about the rules that [lead] the writing system .

It therefore presupposes a principle which should govern its activities .
it therefore presupposes a principle which should [lead] its activities .

It merely states that the normal and primary justification of any authority has to establish that it is qualified to follow with some degree of success the principles which should govern the decisions of all authorities .
it merely states that the normal and primary justification of any authority has to establish that it is qualified to follow with some degree of success the principles which should [lead] the decisions of all authorities .

Does not the fact that political authorities govern groups of people transform the picture ?
does not the fact that political authorities [lead] groups of people transform the picture ?

He believes that under these conditions of choice , which he describes as the original position , there is only one set of principles which can be rationally chosen to govern a society enjoying favourable social and economic conditions .
he believes that under these conditions of choice , which he describes as the original position , there is only one set of principles which can be rationally chosen to [lead] a society enjoying favourable social and economic conditions .

So far as the security of the state was concerned , two principles were stated to govern the granting of warrants .
so far as the security of the state was concerned , two principles were stated to [lead] the granting of warrants .

Luxurious rivers govern 'd and reclam 'd .
luxurious rivers [lead] 'd and reclam 'd .

Society itself and those who govern it need such understanding ; and in a democratic society this entails that the study of the humanities be widely spread , not confined to an élite of self-indulgers , the leather blotter-owning classes .
society itself and those who [lead] it need such understanding ; and in a democratic society this entails that the study of the humanities be widely spread , not confined to an élite of self-indulgers , the leather blotter-owning classes .

Every boiler should have an efficient thermostat to govern its output .
every boiler should have an efficient thermostat to [lead] its output .

Politics being concerned with the power to govern there is a constant tendency , a need perhaps , for governments to seek an accretion of power .
politics being concerned with the power to [lead] there is a constant tendency , a need perhaps , for governments to seek an accretion of power .

It will be seen that under the European Convention an adequate balance is sought between the right to protest and the right to govern .
it will be seen that under the european convention an adequate balance is sought between the right to protest and the right to [lead] .

Which state did Jimmy Carter govern before he was elected President of the United States ?
which state did jimmy carter [lead] before he was elected president of the united states ?

‘ He understood that better , ’ he was reported as saying , ‘ than how to govern England .
‘ he understood that better , ’ he was reported as saying , ‘ than how to [lead] england .

We could have two votes : one to judge the artistic and creative merits of the campaigns ; the other to decide who should govern the country .
we could have two votes : one to judge the artistic and creative merits of the campaigns ; the other to decide who should [lead] the country .

The rules which govern the conduct of the business of the council and its committees are called Standing Orders .
the rules which [lead] the conduct of the business of the council and its committees are called standing orders .

It is when ageist attitudes become part of the rules of institutions , govern the conduct of social life , and blend imperceptibly into everyday values and attitudes that they have a drastic effect on the way older people lead their lives .
it is when ageist attitudes become part of the rules of institutions , [lead] the conduct of social life , and blend imperceptibly into everyday values and attitudes that they have a drastic effect on the way older people lead their lives .

They intrude into our personal relationships , govern our patterns of consumption , inform our very notion of human worth .
they intrude into our personal relationships , [lead] our patterns of consumption , inform our very notion of human worth .

If the gutterpress was to be believed , this election was about which leader was ‘ fit ’ to govern Britain .
if the gutterpress was to be believed , this election was about which leader was ‘ fit ’ to [lead] britain .

If democracy is about government by the people for the people , then it can not be about giving a bunch of politicians a blank cheque to govern us every five years .
if democracy is about government by the people for the people , then it can not be about giving a bunch of politicians a blank cheque to [lead] us every five years .

The basic principle under English law is that the law which the parties intend to apply will govern the agreement .
the basic principle under english law is that the law which the parties intend to apply will [lead] the agreement .

The length of your notice period will also govern the worth of your fringe benefits in the event of a wrongful dismissal .
the length of your notice period will also [lead] the worth of your fringe benefits in the event of a wrongful dismissal .

In addition , microtubules may be involved in the internal alignment of platelet organelles before the release reaction and , furthermore , may help govern the degree of response to circulating agonists ( White et al , 1981 ) .
in addition , microtubules may be involved in the internal alignment of platelet organelles before the release reaction and , furthermore , may help [lead] the degree of response to circulating agonists ( white et al , 1981 ) .

One of the biggest challenges to this new-look management was to cope with the ‘ tribalism ’ of the service ; the tendency of professional groups to cherish their historic rights to govern their own affairs .
one of the biggest challenges to this new-look management was to cope with the ‘ tribalism ’ of the service ; the tendency of professional groups to cherish their historic rights to [lead] their own affairs .

Your mentor will teach you how to purify your will and liberate your spirit so that ultimately , you can govern your own destiny .
your mentor will teach you how to purify your will and liberate your spirit so that ultimately , you can [lead] your own destiny .

To advise the Secretary of State on the practical considerations which should govern all assessment including testing of attainment at age ( approximately ) 7 , 11 , 14 and 16 within a national curriculum , including the marking scale or scales and kinds of assessment including testing to be used , the need to differentiate so that the assessment can promote learning across a range of abilities , the relative roles of informative and of diagnostic assessment , the uses to which the results of assessment should be put , the moderation requirements needed to secure credibility of assessments , and the publication and other services needed to support the system — with a view to securing assessment and testing arrangements which are simple to administer , understandable by all in and outside the education service , cost effective and supportive of learning in schools .
to advise the secretary of state on the practical considerations which should [lead] all assessment including testing of attainment at age ( approximately ) 7 , 11 , 14 and 16 within a national curriculum , including the marking scale or scales and kinds of assessment including testing to be used , the need to differentiate so that the assessment can promote learning across a range of abilities , the relative roles of informative and of diagnostic assessment , the uses to which the results of assessment should be put , the moderation requirements needed to secure credibility of assessments , and the publication and other services needed to support the system — with a view to securing assessment and testing arrangements which are simple to administer , understandable by all in and outside the education service , cost effective and supportive of learning in schools .

The question therefore arises as to whose rules should govern the conduct of the branch 's business and this has given rise to much debate .
the question therefore arises as to whose rules should [lead] the conduct of the branch 's business and this has given rise to much debate .

rules to govern takeovers themselves
rules to [lead] takeovers themselves

The public inquiry into the expansion of the Windscale nuclear reprocessing factory gave the anti-nuclear movement the impetus it needed not only to challenge the official estimates of risks , but also to question repeatedly the idea that the simplistic estimation of the numerical size of a risk should govern its regulation .
the public inquiry into the expansion of the windscale nuclear reprocessing factory gave the anti-nuclear movement the impetus it needed not only to challenge the official estimates of risks , but also to question repeatedly the idea that the simplistic estimation of the numerical size of a risk should [lead] its regulation .

The proportions of soda , lime and silica govern both the speed with which the molten oxide stiffens as the temperature falls and the temperature at which the glass finally solidifies .
the proportions of soda , lime and silica [lead] both the speed with which the molten oxide stiffens as the temperature falls and the temperature at which the glass finally solidifies .

Bertero advocates stronger codes to govern the non structural elements , such as ceilings , windows and partitions , in tall buildings .
bertero advocates stronger codes to [lead] the non structural elements , such as ceilings , windows and partitions , in tall buildings .

The Department of Interior has only just begun a two year study to streamline the fiendishly complex sets of planning rules that govern new mining projects .
the department of interior has only just begun a two year study to streamline the fiendishly complex sets of planning rules that [lead] new mining projects .

The Institutions of the European Community are in angry disarray over the drafting of a code to govern the sale of infant formula — the substitute for breast milk .
the institutions of the european community are in angry disarray over the drafting of a code to [lead] the sale of infant formula — the substitute for breast milk .

The booty did not teach the Pisans how to engage in trade , any more than it taught them how to govern .
the booty did not teach the pisans how to engage in trade , any more than it taught them how to [lead] .

‘ My life is hard indeed ’ — the life of the leader of a feudal host , whose business it was to defend and protect his followers ; the ruler of fair France , la douce France , whose business it was to protect and govern his country ; the emperor of Christendom , whose business it was to maintain the fortress of Christian Europe and to expand its borders .
‘ my life is hard indeed ’ — the life of the leader of a feudal host , whose business it was to defend and protect his followers ; the ruler of fair france , la douce france , whose business it was to protect and [lead] his country ; the emperor of christendom , whose business it was to maintain the fortress of christian europe and to expand its borders .

That outcome of the long process of evolution which will enable them to govern the uses of their own physical mechanisms .
that outcome of the long process of evolution which will enable them to [lead] the uses of their own physical mechanisms .

‘ It is striking , ’ he concluded , ‘ that while strict laws govern the use of motor vehicles , anyone may hire a marine craft and then , with no experience whatsoever , without a life-jacket , unable to swim and in a state of advanced inebriation , attempt to navigate a busy and treacherous public waterway .
‘ it is striking , ’ he concluded , ‘ that while strict laws [lead] the use of motor vehicles , anyone may hire a marine craft and then , with no experience whatsoever , without a life-jacket , unable to swim and in a state of advanced inebriation , attempt to navigate a busy and treacherous public waterway .

GaAs is an outstanding semiconductor by virtue of its electronic bands ( or energy level separations ) which govern the range of energies an electron is allowed in an individual atom .
gaas is an outstanding semiconductor by virtue of its electronic bands ( or energy level separations ) which [lead] the range of energies an electron is allowed in an individual atom .

The underlying processes that govern this interaction are common to many areas where certain materials come into contact with biological solutions .
the underlying processes that [lead] this interaction are common to many areas where certain materials come into contact with biological solutions .

However , because of the complexity and interdependence of the many parameters that govern platelet activation and coagulation , few , if any , satisfactory thromboresistant materials have been reported .
however , because of the complexity and interdependence of the many parameters that [lead] platelet activation and coagulation , few , if any , satisfactory thromboresistant materials have been reported .

Burrough ( 1986 ) identifies three main groups of factors that govern the errors which may be associated with spatial data processing . These are :
burrough ( 1986 ) identifies three main groups of factors that [lead] the errors which may be associated with spatial data processing . these are :

After all , most of the rules that govern building design—fire codes , building codes , zoning laws , budgets , programmatic requirements , engineering norms—are outside the architect ’ s control ; stylistic rules are firmly within his purview .
after all , most of the rules that [lead] building design—fire codes , building codes , zoning laws , budgets , programmatic requirements , engineering norms—are outside the architect ’ s control ; stylistic rules are firmly within his purview .

The three promises of Gettysburg—nationhood , equality , and democracy—should have become the guiding values for interpreting the amendments that would govern postbellum America .
the three promises of gettysburg—nationhood , equality , and democracy—should have become the guiding values for interpreting the amendments that would [lead] postbellum america .

This process of unifying the European nations and , at the same time , establishing a state to govern the nation had given us the idea of the nation-state .
this process of unifying the european nations and , at the same time , establishing a state to [lead] the nation had given us the idea of the nation-state .

The assumption that drove the movements of national unification on the continent was that each nation should be able to govern itself .
the assumption that drove the movements of national unification on the continent was that each nation should be able to [lead] itself .

It was not at all obvious that the uneducated , propertyless masses should govern the country .
it was not at all obvious that the uneducated , propertyless masses should [lead] the country .

In 1990 , in Oregon v. Smith , the majority of the Court held that this egalitarian approach to religion should govern the cases of some Native Americans who claimed the right to use peyote in their religious services .
in 1990 , in oregon v. smith , the majority of the court held that this egalitarian approach to religion should [lead] the cases of some native americans who claimed the right to use peyote in their religious services .

At the same time , however , the famous maxim could also be understood as referring to “ men ” as collective entities : “ all peoples have equal status. ” It was not particularly novel to argue that all nations , all states , had an equal claim to govern themselves .
at the same time , however , the famous maxim could also be understood as referring to “ men ” as collective entities : “ all peoples have equal status. ” it was not particularly novel to argue that all nations , all states , had an equal claim to [lead] themselves .

If radically diVerent , then a new science seeking the origins , evolution , characteristics , and laws that may govern biospheres anywhere .
if radically diverent , then a new science seeking the origins , evolution , characteristics , and laws that may [lead] biospheres anywhere .

Here are hints = common law , ecosystems , economic systems = that general principles govern the coevolutionary coconstruction of lives and livings , organisms and natural games , firms and economic opportunities .
here are hints = common law , ecosystems , economic systems = that general principles [lead] the coevolutionary coconstruction of lives and livings , organisms and natural games , firms and economic opportunities .

What principles might govern that categorization and action , one might begin to wonder .
what principles might [lead] that categorization and action , one might begin to wonder .

Perhaps there are laws that govern this nonergodic flow .
perhaps there are laws that [lead] this nonergodic flow .

Having now defined the dimensionality of the adjacent possible and noted that the biosphere and universe as a whole is vastly nonergodic , hence , kinetically trapped in a small region of its total space of possibilities , it is fair to wonder whether general laws may govern this nonergodic flow .
having now defined the dimensionality of the adjacent possible and noted that the biosphere and universe as a whole is vastly nonergodic , hence , kinetically trapped in a small region of its total space of possibilities , it is fair to wonder whether general laws may [lead] this nonergodic flow .

What principles , if any , govern the coevolutionary assembly of complex systems such as ecosystems or British common law , where a new finding by a judge alters precedent in ways that ricochet in small and large avalanches through the law ?
what principles , if any , [lead] the coevolutionary assembly of complex systems such as ecosystems or british common law , where a new finding by a judge alters precedent in ways that ricochet in small and large avalanches through the law ?

Thus , it appears that evolution has , in fact , tuned the choices of Boolean rules used to govern genes with K = and K = known inputs , as well as genes with K = and K = inputs that we have sampled , sharply in favor of a high bias toward usage of Boolean rules that are canalyzing functions .
thus , it appears that evolution has , in fact , tuned the choices of boolean rules used to [lead] genes with k = and k = known inputs , as well as genes with k = and k = inputs that we have sampled , sharply in favor of a high bias toward usage of boolean rules that are canalyzing functions .

We hardly know how to say what this propagation and elaboration of organization and process is , nor have we a clue about whether there may be general laws that govern such self-constructing nonequilibrium processes .
we hardly know how to say what this propagation and elaboration of organization and process is , nor have we a clue about whether there may be general laws that [lead] such self-constructing nonequilibrium processes .

In a.d. 286 Diocletian sought to reverse the decline by splitting the administration of the empire in two — he would govern the east , based in Nicodemia , while his friend Maximian ruled the west from Milan — and later to split it further into four parts .
in a.d. 286 diocletian sought to reverse the decline by splitting the administration of the empire in two — he would [lead] the east , based in nicodemia , while his friend maximian ruled the west from milan — and later to split it further into four parts .

Sir John Francis Davis , an early governor , disgusted with the squabbling of the English residents , declared : “ It is a much easier task to govern the 20,000 Chinese inhabitants of the colony than the few hundreds of English. ” There were a few incidents : On 15 January 1857 , somebody added an extra ingredient to the dough at the colony ’ s main bakery — arsenic .
sir john francis davis , an early governor , disgusted with the squabbling of the english residents , declared : “ it is a much easier task to [lead] the 20,000 chinese inhabitants of the colony than the few hundreds of english. ” there were a few incidents : on 15 january 1857 , somebody added an extra ingredient to the dough at the colony ’ s main bakery — arsenic .

Their rulers introduced Buddhist and Hindu culture , Brahmin ministers to govern , and an elaborate court ritual .
their rulers introduced buddhist and hindu culture , brahmin ministers to [lead] , and an elaborate court ritual .

There was a succession of right-wing attempts to govern and Spain floundered in a sea of political strikes and violence .
there was a succession of right-wing attempts to [lead] and spain floundered in a sea of political strikes and violence .

Sparta attempted to govern the city through a council of 30 men , known as the “ Thirty Tyrants , ” who spent most of their time persecuting opponents and confiscating property .
sparta attempted to [lead] the city through a council of 30 men , known as the “ thirty tyrants , ” who spent most of their time persecuting opponents and confiscating property .

Rental rules scarce in rural Iowa By JASON CLAYWORTHRegister Staff Writer 05/14/2002 Thousands of Iowans who live in mobile homes face increasingly unsafe conditions because no laws exist to govern how landlords care for property outside city limits , advocates say .
rental rules scarce in rural iowa by jason clayworthregister staff writer 05/14/2002 thousands of iowans who live in mobile homes face increasingly unsafe conditions because no laws exist to [lead] how landlords care for property outside city limits , advocates say .

The interim rules govern parity between medical/surgical benefits and mental health benefits in group health plans and health insurance coverage offered by issuers in connection with a group health plan .
the interim rules [lead] parity between medical/surgical benefits and mental health benefits in group health plans and health insurance coverage offered by issuers in connection with a group health plan .

Case Illustration : National Highway Traffic Safety Administration also-where they can-by building performance data collection into the processes that govern daily operations , rather than creating entirely new and separate data collection systems .
case illustration : national highway traffic safety administration also-where they can-by building performance data collection into the processes that [lead] daily operations , rather than creating entirely new and separate data collection systems .

Other immediate priorities should be setting up an inspection function of auditors that audit SEC registrants and determining how standards that govern the work of the accounting profession , such as auditor independence rules and standards for conducting audits , should be set .
other immediate priorities should be setting up an inspection function of auditors that audit sec registrants and determining how standards that [lead] the work of the accounting profession , such as auditor independence rules and standards for conducting audits , should be set .

The interim rules govern access , portability , and renewability requirements for group health plans and issuers of health insurance coverage in connection with a group health plan .
the interim rules [lead] access , portability , and renewability requirements for group health plans and issuers of health insurance coverage in connection with a group health plan .

We established a set of congressional protocols to govern our interactions with and ensure our accountability to the Congress .
we established a set of congressional protocols to [lead] our interactions with and ensure our accountability to the congress .

In June 2001 , InfraGard members elected a National Executive Board to govern the national InfraGard program and draft new policies and procedures to enhance the program 's effectiveness .
in june 2001 , infragard members elected a national executive board to [lead] the national infragard program and draft new policies and procedures to enhance the program 's effectiveness .

These protocols are intended to govern the U.S. General Accounting Office 's ( GAO ) work with executive branch agencies and to provide clearly defined and transparent policies and practices on how GAO will interact with agencies in the performance of its work .
these protocols are intended to [lead] the u.s. general accounting office 's ( gao ) work with executive branch agencies and to provide clearly defined and transparent policies and practices on how gao will interact with agencies in the performance of its work .

In addition , these protocols are not meant to govern GAO 's relationship with the federal Inspectors General ( IG ) community .
in addition , these protocols are not meant to [lead] gao 's relationship with the federal inspectors general ( ig ) community .

Aside from the general access statute , various forms of special legislation govern GAO 's access to certain types of agency records and information , such as tax , social security , financial institution , and employee benefit plan records and information .
aside from the general access statute , various forms of special legislation [lead] gao 's access to certain types of agency records and information , such as tax , social security , financial institution , and employee benefit plan records and information .

Generally , scheduled outages will govern which method can be used for multiple FGD system installations .
generally , scheduled outages will [lead] which method can be used for multiple fgd system installations .

Such transfer shall be accomplished in accordance with a compliance plan , submitted and approved under section 404 , that shall govern operations at all units included in the transfer , and that specifies the emissions reduction requirements imposed pursuant to this title .
such transfer shall be accomplished in accordance with a compliance plan , submitted and approved under section 404 , that shall [lead] operations at all units included in the transfer , and that specifies the emissions reduction requirements imposed pursuant to this title .

As of September 11 , the Port Authority lacked any standard operating procedures to govern how officers from multiple commands would respond to and then be staged and utilized at a major incident at the WTC .
as of september 11 , the port authority lacked any standard operating procedures to [lead] how officers from multiple commands would respond to and then be staged and utilized at a major incident at the wtc .

The 1995 procedures did not govern whether information could be shared between intelligence and criminal agents within the FBI , a separation that the Bureau did not begin making formally until long after the procedures were in place .
the 1995 procedures did not [lead] whether information could be shared between intelligence and criminal agents within the fbi , a separation that the bureau did not begin making formally until long after the procedures were in place .

We are under pressure to conform to our oppressors ' wishes about how we should behave , how we should govern our lands , how we should think even . ''
we are under pressure to conform to our oppressors ' wishes about how we should behave , how we should [lead] our lands , how we should think even . ''

These and other findings [ 2 ] suggest that common , ancient developmental programs may govern the differentiation of islet cells and neurons .
these and other findings [ 2 ] suggest that common , ancient developmental programs may [lead] the differentiation of islet cells and neurons .

For example , the absence of eyes in cavefish , rather than being the result of a degenerative process , might be the result of selection on genes that govern feeding morphology , a selection process that has included suppression of eye development ( Pennisi 2002 ) .
for example , the absence of eyes in cavefish , rather than being the result of a degenerative process , might be the result of selection on genes that [lead] feeding morphology , a selection process that has included suppression of eye development ( pennisi 2002 ) .

Further advances in our understanding of signaling mechanisms that govern activity-dependent gene regulation in skeletal muscle could lead to drugs , gene therapy , or devices that can , at least in part , substitute for daily exercise .
further advances in our understanding of signaling mechanisms that [lead] activity-dependent gene regulation in skeletal muscle could lead to drugs , gene therapy , or devices that can , at least in part , substitute for daily exercise .

Ultimately , we might learn something about the general principles of conflict and cooperation between maternal and embryonic tissues that govern these cases if we can understand the uniquely stable and intimate chimerism of armored scale insects .
ultimately , we might learn something about the general principles of conflict and cooperation between maternal and embryonic tissues that [lead] these cases if we can understand the uniquely stable and intimate chimerism of armored scale insects .

How will knowledge about the patterns that govern the generation and selective elimination of that diversity help guide conservation efforts as well as current and future crop improvement efforts ?
how will knowledge about the patterns that [lead] the generation and selective elimination of that diversity help guide conservation efforts as well as current and future crop improvement efforts ?

These studies seek to understand the biology of regeneration , especially the cellular and molecular mechanisms that govern regenerative processes .
these studies seek to understand the biology of regeneration , especially the cellular and molecular mechanisms that [lead] regenerative processes .

The NYT fronts an exclusive from the New York Senate campaign trenches : At a private fund-raiser organized by gay and lesbian supporters , Hillary Clinton said that the `` Do n't Ask , Do n't Tell '' policy crafted by her husband to govern gays in the military was a failure , and that if elected she would work to overturn it .
the nyt fronts an exclusive from the new york senate campaign trenches : at a private fund-raiser organized by gay and lesbian supporters , hillary clinton said that the `` do n't ask , do n't tell '' policy crafted by her husband to [lead] gays in the military was a failure , and that if elected she would work to overturn it .

Has Bush changed in a way that makes him better suited to govern ?
has bush changed in a way that makes him better suited to [lead] ?

And then , a documentary film comes along that makes us re-examine the rules that unofficially govern the genre : Can there be a middle ground between fiction and fact ?
and then , a documentary film comes along that makes us re-examine the rules that unofficially [lead] the genre : can there be a middle ground between fiction and fact ?

The paper is alone in pointing out another source of pressure : the Oslo accords , which govern the entire Palestinian/Israeli peace process , require a final settlement of Palestine 's borders by May 4th .
the paper is alone in pointing out another source of pressure : the oslo accords , which [lead] the entire palestinian/israeli peace process , require a final settlement of palestine 's borders by may 4th .

The accuser says other people 's cynicism makes it impossible for Clinton to govern well .
the accuser says other people 's cynicism makes it impossible for clinton to [lead] well .

As there were few firms large enough to cross state lines into federal jurisdiction in the 18 th century , the nation 's founders generally assumed the states would govern the economy .
as there were few firms large enough to cross state lines into federal jurisdiction in the 18 th century , the nation 's founders generally assumed the states would [lead] the economy .

Still , while the public might think twice about buying a used car from either `` Tricky Dick '' or `` Slick Willie , '' most people seemed willing , then as now , to make an independent judgment about the incumbent 's ability to govern -- especially when weighing it against the capacity of his challenger .
still , while the public might think twice about buying a used car from either `` tricky dick '' or `` slick willie , '' most people seemed willing , then as now , to make an independent judgment about the incumbent 's ability to [lead] -- especially when weighing it against the capacity of his challenger .

It 's not so hard , however , to imagine the GOP following the pattern set by the Democrats after 1972 : pulling themselves together momentarily to field a winning centrist candidate four years later -- and then thwarting his ability to govern ( as the Democrats in Congress did Jimmy Carter 's ) -- thereby producing an era of domination by the opposition for the next two decades .
it 's not so hard , however , to imagine the gop following the pattern set by the democrats after 1972 : pulling themselves together momentarily to field a winning centrist candidate four years later -- and then thwarting his ability to [lead] ( as the democrats in congress did jimmy carter 's ) -- thereby producing an era of domination by the opposition for the next two decades .

Patricia Neuman of the Kaiser Family Foundation says many people `` [ d ] o n't understand the rules that govern their care . ''
patricia neuman of the kaiser family foundation says many people `` [ d ] o n't understand the rules that [lead] their care . ''

Pervaiz Musharraf , who led last week 's army coup that ousted Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif , announced that a military-civilian council would be formed within a week to govern the country , but provided no timetable for relinquishing power .
pervaiz musharraf , who led last week 's army coup that ousted prime minister nawaz sharif , announced that a military-civilian council would be formed within a week to [lead] the country , but provided no timetable for relinquishing power .

The Financial Times of London reproached him for failing to guarantee that the SDLP would continue to govern the province with Trimble 's Ulster Unionist Party if Sinn Fein were expelled from the yet-to-be-created Northern Ireland executive .
the financial times of london reproached him for failing to guarantee that the sdlp would continue to [lead] the province with trimble 's ulster unionist party if sinn fein were expelled from the yet-to-be-created northern ireland executive .

The papers described canyoning as an `` underground '' sport with no official organization to check equipment , offer advice , or govern safety .
the papers described canyoning as an `` underground '' sport with no official organization to check equipment , offer advice , or [lead] safety .

By planting what looks like a bold idea -- that the purpose of campaigning is to `` engender optimism '' and `` renew our faith '' -- he erases his obligation to tell us how he would govern .
by planting what looks like a bold idea -- that the purpose of campaigning is to `` engender optimism '' and `` renew our faith '' -- he erases his obligation to tell us how he would [lead] .

Thank goodness they do n't have to govern a city because things would be really dangerous .
thank goodness they do n't have to [lead] a city because things would be really dangerous .

Thursday 's Post reported that Jarvis and McDonald `` said Bauer spent hours behind closed doors with her and traveled alone with her , violating the strict rules they believe govern conservative Christian married men in their dealings with women . ''
thursday 's post reported that jarvis and mcdonald `` said bauer spent hours behind closed doors with her and traveled alone with her , violating the strict rules they believe [lead] conservative christian married men in their dealings with women . ''

Moscow skeptics are questioning Yeltsin 's ability to govern in the wake of the crisis , speculating that he may : 1 ) resign within days , 2 ) fire Prime Minister Putin , or 3 ) delay parliamentary elections .
moscow skeptics are questioning yeltsin 's ability to [lead] in the wake of the crisis , speculating that he may : 1 ) resign within days , 2 ) fire prime minister putin , or 3 ) delay parliamentary elections .

There is no doubt that those things are all indirectly but absolutely affected by those who govern , via economic and social policy .
there is no doubt that those things are all indirectly but absolutely affected by those who [lead] , via economic and social policy .

The other team , on which I served , stayed home and wrote papers about how he should govern after he got elected .
the other team , on which i served , stayed home and wrote papers about how he should [lead] after he got elected .

Recently I have come to think it means that not much wisdom is required to govern the world .
recently i have come to think it means that not much wisdom is required to [lead] the world .

After all , to govern is to choose , and to budget is especially to choose .
after all , to [lead] is to choose , and to budget is especially to choose .

There will always be a small percentage who can not govern their own lives and who abuse freedom , but that should n't mean that we all have to pay the price by losing our constitutional rights .
there will always be a small percentage who can not [lead] their own lives and who abuse freedom , but that should n't mean that we all have to pay the price by losing our constitutional rights .

The RPH who must legislate or govern ( Gingrich , Kasich , Bush ) is quieter about his principles -- probably because he actually has to live by them .
the rph who must legislate or [lead] ( gingrich , kasich , bush ) is quieter about his principles -- probably because he actually has to live by them .

Of that 75 percent who do n't think he should quit or be impeached , many are disturbed at the thought that he has lost the confidence of so many other citizens , and some will feel that , whatever their own views , the president should go because he has lost the ability to govern effectively .
of that 75 percent who do n't think he should quit or be impeached , many are disturbed at the thought that he has lost the confidence of so many other citizens , and some will feel that , whatever their own views , the president should go because he has lost the ability to [lead] effectively .

An American-led anti-fraud group -- part of a civilian bureau set up by the Dayton peace accords -- says that most of the $ 1 billion in stolen aid was funneled to the three nationalist parties that govern the partitioned state of Bosnia-Herzegovina .
an american-led anti-fraud group -- part of a civilian bureau set up by the dayton peace accords -- says that most of the $ 1 billion in stolen aid was funneled to the three nationalist parties that [lead] the partitioned state of bosnia-herzegovina .

According to the piece , many sorts of this type of therapy -- for say , getting taller , thinner , stronger , tanner or unbald -- could be practicable within just a few years , yet no regulations govern them , and the NIH and FDA only recently discussed them for the first time .
according to the piece , many sorts of this type of therapy -- for say , getting taller , thinner , stronger , tanner or unbald -- could be practicable within just a few years , yet no regulations [lead] them , and the nih and fda only recently discussed them for the first time .

All four books share a playful disregard for the rules that usually govern high-minded `` intellectual '' biographies .
all four books share a playful disregard for the rules that usually [lead] high-minded `` intellectual '' biographies .

They do n't have muscles that can govern their own movements , and if they 're sizable , they swing and bounce with the slightest motion of the body .
they do n't have muscles that can [lead] their own movements , and if they 're sizable , they swing and bounce with the slightest motion of the body .

For the Thernstroms , American racial politics took a wrong turn when the imperative simply to end discrimination ceased to govern our policies .
for the thernstroms , american racial politics took a wrong turn when the imperative simply to end discrimination ceased to [lead] our policies .

The reason , he says , is the $ 65 a week McDonald was withholding for room and board , in violation of rules that govern the shelter system .
the reason , he says , is the $ 65 a week mcdonald was withholding for room and board , in violation of rules that [lead] the shelter system .

We read about how the students developed interactive games , created the first online discussion groups , fought over what technical standards to adopt , and ran headfirst into issues still relevant today -- privacy online , the appropriate use of computers , ownership of software , how to govern the Internet .
we read about how the students developed interactive games , created the first online discussion groups , fought over what technical standards to adopt , and ran headfirst into issues still relevant today -- privacy online , the appropriate use of computers , ownership of software , how to [lead] the internet .

Weak governors also face limits of one or two terms , making them automatic lame ducks : They tend to govern less independently and exercise less clout with legislatures than strong governors , who , because they can repeatedly succeed themselves , amass more and more political power .
weak governors also face limits of one or two terms , making them automatic lame ducks : they tend to [lead] less independently and exercise less clout with legislatures than strong governors , who , because they can repeatedly succeed themselves , amass more and more political power .

Foreign investment takes place in a realm , even today , where the rules that govern U.S. markets do not always apply .
foreign investment takes place in a realm , even today , where the rules that [lead] u.s. markets do not always apply .

The power of the hormones that govern this bonding is familiar to anyone who has watched a woman clutch her just-born child and turn into a love-drunk cuddle-bunny .
the power of the hormones that [lead] this bonding is familiar to anyone who has watched a woman clutch her just-born child and turn into a love-drunk cuddle-bunny .

Obviously , a president 's ambition , judgment , temperament , integrity , and ways of relating with other people ( among other psychological qualities ) bear greatly on how he will govern -- at least as greatly as whatever election-year stands he stakes out on `` the issues '' of policy .
obviously , a president 's ambition , judgment , temperament , integrity , and ways of relating with other people ( among other psychological qualities ) bear greatly on how he will [lead] -- at least as greatly as whatever election-year stands he stakes out on `` the issues '' of policy .

Spain 's El País said that Portillo promised Guatemalans `` everything they wanted to hear … that he would n't govern for the privileged , that he would combat misery and violence , that he would recognize the rights of the large Mayan population , and that he would be firm with the military … and turn the judicial system upside down . ''
spain 's el país said that portillo promised guatemalans `` everything they wanted to hear … that he would n't [lead] for the privileged , that he would combat misery and violence , that he would recognize the rights of the large mayan population , and that he would be firm with the military … and turn the judicial system upside down . ''

Former President Raúl Alfonsín thinks Menem is just nuts , but Menem said Alfonsín should be ignored because `` he could n't govern the country . ''
former president raúl alfonsín thinks menem is just nuts , but menem said alfonsín should be ignored because `` he could n't [lead] the country . ''

In an editorial Saturday , the Globe and Mail said , `` At a time when the international scene offers us too many horrific images of the intolerance and bullying that can govern relations between regions and ethnic groups , Canada is proving once again that intelligence and innovation , when applied with good will , can almost always permit the accommodation of difference . ''
in an editorial saturday , the globe and mail said , `` at a time when the international scene offers us too many horrific images of the intolerance and bullying that can [lead] relations between regions and ethnic groups , canada is proving once again that intelligence and innovation , when applied with good will , can almost always permit the accommodation of difference . ''

In return , the Israelis will allow Arafat 's government to govern East Jerusalem 's 150,000 Palestinians and to control several holy sites .
in return , the israelis will allow arafat 's government to [lead] east jerusalem 's 150,000 palestinians and to control several holy sites .

Nato did hold its line in how it carved up peacekeeping zones : The French will govern the region that Russia coveted .
nato did hold its line in how it carved up peacekeeping zones : the french will [lead] the region that russia coveted .

The danger is that instead of returning to power as spirited reform liberals , the Democrats would govern as a devious , dispirited version of their old selves .
the danger is that instead of returning to power as spirited reform liberals , the democrats would [lead] as a devious , dispirited version of their old selves .

To govern according to well-defined precepts is a worthy aspiration .
to [lead] according to well-defined precepts is a worthy aspiration .

Until Clinton does that , says the column , his ability to govern is paralyzed no matter what Kenneth Starr does .
until clinton does that , says the column , his ability to [lead] is paralyzed no matter what kenneth starr does .

His laws of robotics , which govern the relations of robots with humans , were deemed by the OED Supp .
his laws of robotics , which [lead] the relations of robots with humans , were deemed by the oed supp .

