Bellows made the disclosure when he asked Judge Parsons to grant his client , Alan Clements , 30 , a separate trial .
bellows made the disclosure when he asked judge parsons to [give] his client , alan clements , 30 , a separate trial .

In addition , the government would pay a $1,000 `` cost of education '' grant to the schools for each $1,500 in scholarship grants .
in addition , the government would pay a $1,000 `` cost of education '' [give] to the schools for each $1,500 in scholarship grants .

The governor's move into the so-called `` blue law '' controversy came in the form of a letter to Miss Mary R. Grant , deputy city clerk of Central Falls .
the governor's move into the so-called `` blue law '' controversy came in the form of a letter to miss mary r. [give] , deputy city clerk of central falls .

Mr. Notte was responding to a resolution adopted by the Central Falls City Council on July 10 and sent to the state house by Miss Grant .
mr. notte was responding to a resolution adopted by the central falls city council on july 10 and sent to the state house by miss [give] .

The governor wrote Miss Grant that he has been concerned for some time `` with the continuous problem which confronts our local and state law enforcement officers as a result of the laws regulating Sunday sales '' .
the governor wrote miss [give] that he has been concerned for some time `` with the continuous problem which confronts our local and state law enforcement officers as a result of the laws regulating sunday sales '' .

The administration has said the sales tax proposal is merely part of the segregation strategy , since the revenues from the increase would be dedicated to a grant in aid program .
the administration has said the sales tax proposal is merely part of the segregation strategy , since the revenues from the increase would be dedicated to a [give] in aid program .

Miss Eileen Grant is spending several weeks visiting in Florida .
miss eileen [give] is spending several weeks visiting in florida .

Refuses to grant bail
refuses to [give] bail

`` I am not prepared to grant bail to any of them '' , said the magistrate , K.J.P. Baraclough .
`` i am not prepared to [give] bail to any of them '' , said the magistrate , k.j.p. baraclough .

Richard E. Cohn , Grant ; ;
richard e. cohn , [give] ; ;

A check for $4,177.37 representing the last payment of a $50,000 federal grant to Rhode Island Hospital was presented to the hospital administrator , Oliver G. Pratt , yesterday by Governor Notte .
a check for $4,177.37 representing the last payment of a $50,000 federal [give] to rhode island hospital was presented to the hospital administrator , oliver g. pratt , yesterday by governor notte .

Last two to be added before the book went to press were the marriages of Meredith Jane Cooper , daughter of the Grant B. Coopers , to Robert Knox Worrell , and of Mary Alice Ghormley to Willard Pen Tudor .
last two to be added before the book went to press were the marriages of meredith jane cooper , daughter of the [give] b. coopers , to robert knox worrell , and of mary alice ghormley to willard pen tudor .

Why did the Belgians grant independence to a colony so manifestly unprepared to accept it ? ?
why did the belgians [give] independence to a colony so manifestly unprepared to accept it ? ?

The basic state grant is thirty cents for each person served , and there is a further book incentive grant that provides an extra twenty cents up to fifty cents per capita , if a library spends a certain number of dollars .
the basic state [give] is thirty cents for each person served , and there is a further book incentive [give] that provides an extra twenty cents up to fifty cents per capita , if a library spends a certain number of dollars .

Coupling its own budget of $83,750 with a $30,000 state grant authorized by Gov. Vandiver , the group expects to sign a contract in March with Georgia Tech. .
coupling its own budget of $83,750 with a $30,000 state [give] authorized by gov. vandiver , the group expects to sign a contract in march with georgia tech. .

yet they supported the Eisenhower administration which will cost a small state like ours approximately five million dollars ( matched incidentally by a federal grant ) to initiate .
yet they supported the eisenhower administration which will cost a small state like ours approximately five million dollars ( matched incidentally by a federal [give] ) to initiate .

I grant that the dog may not be really protective , based on his training , but if you were roaming the streets looking for a purse to snatch or a young lady to molest , how quick would you be to attack a person strolling with a dog ? ?
i [give] that the dog may not be really protective , based on his training , but if you were roaming the streets looking for a purse to snatch or a young lady to molest , how quick would you be to attack a person strolling with a dog ? ?

In the very week of our war against Katanga , we make a $133 million grant to Kwame Nkrumah , who has just declared his solidarity with the Communist bloc , and is busily turning his own country into a totalitarian dictatorship .
in the very week of our war against katanga , we make a $133 million [give] to kwame nkrumah , who has just declared his solidarity with the communist bloc , and is busily turning his own country into a totalitarian dictatorship .

Grant all this -- still , when modern Unitarianism and the Harvard Divinity School recall with humorous affection the insults Parker lavished upon them , or else argue that after all Parker received the treatment he invited , they betray an uneasy conscience .
[give] all this -- still , when modern unitarianism and the harvard divinity school recall with humorous affection the insults parker lavished upon them , or else argue that after all parker received the treatment he invited , they betray an uneasy conscience .

Dr. Wilson C. Grant , of the Veterans' Administration Hospital , Coral Gables , Florida , and the University of Miami School of Medicine , set out to discover if avocados , because of their high content of unsaturated fatty acids , would reduce the cholesterol of the blood in selected patients .
dr. wilson c. [give] , of the veterans' administration hospital , coral gables , florida , and the university of miami school of medicine , set out to discover if avocados , because of their high content of unsaturated fatty acids , would reduce the cholesterol of the blood in selected patients .

The grant , which stretched southward to Lake Traverse -- the headwaters of the Red -- was made in May , 1811 , and by October of that year a small group of Scots was settling for the winter at York Factory on Hudson Bay .
the [give] , which stretched southward to lake traverse -- the headwaters of the red -- was made in may , 1811 , and by october of that year a small group of scots was settling for the winter at york factory on hudson bay .

The Outing Club also owns a chain of fourteen cabins and several shelters , extending from the Vermont hills , just across the river from the college , through Hanover to the College Grant -- 27,000 acres of wilderness 140 miles north up in the logging country .
the outing club also owns a chain of fourteen cabins and several shelters , extending from the vermont hills , just across the river from the college , through hanover to the college [give] -- 27,000 acres of wilderness 140 miles north up in the logging country .

Everyone is ready to grant the Persians their history , but almost no one is willing to acknowledge their present .
everyone is ready to [give] the persians their history , but almost no one is willing to acknowledge their present .

Socialism , I grant , has a definite place in our society .
socialism , i [give] , has a definite place in our society .

General Grant may have been the victim of false information in the instance reported in this book ; ;
general [give] may have been the victim of false information in the instance reported in this book ; ;

But General Grant may have been self-victimized .
but general [give] may have been self-victimized .

Grant called it prompt , skillful and brilliant .
[give] called it prompt , skillful and brilliant .

We may further grant to those of her ( Poetry's ) defenders who are lovers of poetry and yet not poets , the permission to speak in prose on her behalf : let them show not only that she is pleasant but also useful to States and to human life , and we will listen in a kindly spirit ; ;
we may further [give] to those of her ( poetry's ) defenders who are lovers of poetry and yet not poets , the permission to speak in prose on her behalf : let them show not only that she is pleasant but also useful to states and to human life , and we will listen in a kindly spirit ; ;

If his circumspection in regard to Philip's sensibilities went so far that he even refused to grant a dispensation for the marriage of Amadee's daughter , Agnes , to the son of the dauphin of Vienne -- a truly peacemaking move according to thirteenth-century ideas , for Savoy and Dauphine were as usual fighting on opposite sides -- for fear that he might seem to be favoring the anti-French coalition , he would certainly never take the far more drastic step of ordering the return of Gascony to Edward , even though , as he admitted to the English ambassadors , he had been advised that the original cession was invalid .
if his circumspection in regard to philip's sensibilities went so far that he even refused to [give] a dispensation for the marriage of amadee's daughter , agnes , to the son of the dauphin of vienne -- a truly peacemaking move according to thirteenth-century ideas , for savoy and dauphine were as usual fighting on opposite sides -- for fear that he might seem to be favoring the anti-french coalition , he would certainly never take the far more drastic step of ordering the return of gascony to edward , even though , as he admitted to the english ambassadors , he had been advised that the original cession was invalid .

Never once during the trying thirties did I come so close to succumbing to the private climate of opinion as to grant Russian communism even that most weasel-worded of encomiums `` an interesting experiment '' .
never once during the trying thirties did i come so close to succumbing to the private climate of opinion as to [give] russian communism even that most weasel-worded of encomiums `` an interesting experiment '' .

Consequently there have developed several forms of grants-in-aid and shared taxes , as well as the unrestricted grant to local governments for general purposes whose adoption accompanied the introduction of a sales tax at the state level .
consequently there have developed several forms of grants-in-aid and shared taxes , as well as the unrestricted [give] to local governments for general purposes whose adoption accompanied the introduction of a sales tax at the state level .

The 1954 Amendments completely changed the financing of the vocational rehabilitation program , providing for a three-part grant structure -- for ( 1 ) basic support ; ;
the 1954 amendments completely changed the financing of the vocational rehabilitation program , providing for a three-part [give] structure -- for ( 1 ) basic support ; ;

Subsequent sections on grants describe the other categories of the grant structure .
subsequent sections on grants describe the other categories of the [give] structure .

The following table shows , for selected years , the authorizations , appropriations , allotment base , Federal grants to States and State matching funds for this part of the grant program :
the following table shows , for selected years , the authorizations , appropriations , allotment base , federal grants to states and state matching funds for this part of the [give] program :

and General Motors and Du Pont were to be ordered to terminate any agreement that provided for the purchase by General Motors of any specified percentage of its requirements of any Du Pont manufactured product , or for the grant of exclusive patent rights , or for a grant by General Motors to Du Pont of a preferential right to make or sell any chemical discovery of General Motors , or for the maintenance of any joint commercial enterprise by the two companies .
and general motors and du pont were to be ordered to terminate any agreement that provided for the purchase by general motors of any specified percentage of its requirements of any du pont manufactured product , or for the [give] of exclusive patent rights , or for a [give] by general motors to du pont of a preferential right to make or sell any chemical discovery of general motors , or for the maintenance of any joint commercial enterprise by the two companies .

For grant to the Government of India under subsection ( E ) of Section 104 of the Act , the rupee equivalent of not more than $538 million for financing such projects to promote balanced economic development as may from time to time be mutually agreed .
for [give] to the government of india under subsection ( e ) of section 104 of the act , the rupee equivalent of not more than $538 million for financing such projects to promote balanced economic development as may from time to time be mutually agreed .

In the event that agreement is not reached on the use of the rupees for grant or loan purposes within six years from the date of this Agreement , the Government of the United States of America may use the local currency for any purposes authorized by Section 104 of the Act .
in the event that agreement is not reached on the use of the rupees for [give] or loan purposes within six years from the date of this agreement , the government of the united states of america may use the local currency for any purposes authorized by section 104 of the act .

The Government of India further agrees in cooperation with the Government of the United States , to coordinate the use of grant and loan funds provided for in paragraphs 1 ( B ) and 1 ( C ) of Article 2 , with such direct dollar assistance as may be made available by the Government of the United States of America , so that both sources of financing may be channeled to specific and clearly identifiable economic development programs and projects .
the government of india further agrees in cooperation with the government of the united states , to coordinate the use of [give] and loan funds provided for in paragraphs 1 ( b ) and 1 ( c ) of article 2 , with such direct dollar assistance as may be made available by the government of the united states of america , so that both sources of financing may be channeled to specific and clearly identifiable economic development programs and projects .

In 1838 , a devastating fire gutted their small shop and soon thereafter David Brown moved west to Illinois , settling on a land grant in his declining years .
in 1838 , a devastating fire gutted their small shop and soon thereafter david brown moved west to illinois , settling on a land [give] in his declining years .

Although faculties insist on governing themselves , they grant little prestige to a member who actively participates in college or university government .
although faculties insist on governing themselves , they [give] little prestige to a member who actively participates in college or university government .

In short , congressional power to grant federal-question authority to federal courts is now apparently so broad that Congress need not create , or specify , the right to be enforced .
in short , congressional power to [give] federal-question authority to federal courts is now apparently so broad that congress need not create , or specify , the right to be enforced .

Cattle stealing and killing , again serious during the spring of 1891 , placed the land grant company officers in a perplexing position .
cattle stealing and killing , again serious during the spring of 1891 , placed the land [give] company officers in a perplexing position .

It is interesting to note how many of the plants on Massachusetts' Route 128 draw most of their income either from the government in non-competitive cost-plus arrangements , or from the exploitation of patents which grant at least a partial monopoly .
it is interesting to note how many of the plants on massachusetts' route 128 draw most of their income either from the government in non-competitive cost-plus arrangements , or from the exploitation of patents which [give] at least a partial monopoly .

In that year a grant was obtained from the Penrose Fund of the Geological Society of America to finance additional full-time workers .
in that year a [give] was obtained from the penrose fund of the geological society of america to finance additional full-time workers .

A supplementary grant from the Geological Society of America helped finance its publication .
a supplementary [give] from the geological society of america helped finance its publication .

The police believe magistrates are under pressure to grant bail , even when officers advise them it could be dangerous .
the police believe magistrates are under pressure to [give] bail , even when officers advise them it could be dangerous .

Now a lecturer at Cheltenham and Gloucester College of Further Education has been awarded a european commission grant of £380,000 to see if volcanic activity is linked to sea level rise .
now a lecturer at cheltenham and gloucester college of further education has been awarded a european commission [give] of £380,000 to see if volcanic activity is linked to sea level rise .

Grant Mann left the Parachute Regiment in 1989 .
[give] mann left the parachute regiment in 1989 .

Grant Mann would have been 31 last Friday .
[give] mann would have been 31 last friday .

Gloucester County council 's planning department will decide in October whether to grant permission for the dump .
gloucester county council 's planning department will decide in october whether to [give] permission for the dump .

Magistrates have refused to grant a music licence for the event , at Blackthorn farm near Coleford , after hearing objections from some local people who say last years festival was a nightmare .
magistrates have refused to [give] a music licence for the event , at blackthorn farm near coleford , after hearing objections from some local people who say last years festival was a nightmare .

Added to a National Rivers Authority grant of £100,000 , it 's enabled 3 weirs to be restored .
added to a national rivers authority [give] of £100,000 , it 's enabled 3 weirs to be restored .

Simon receives a sports aid grant of £5,000 this year , which is taxed .
simon receives a sports aid [give] of £5,000 this year , which is taxed .

The plan is to buy the school from the council and then apply for a governmnet grant to run it like other opted out schools .
the plan is to buy the school from the council and then apply for a governmnet [give] to run it like other opted out schools .

Contractor Michael Grant , who was 24 , died last year in a blast at the Midlands Electricity heat and power station next to the Bulmers Cider factory in Hereford .
contractor michael [give] , who was 24 , died last year in a blast at the midlands electricity heat and power station next to the bulmers cider factory in hereford .

But it was likely that the oil was ignited when Michael Grant turned on his welding kit .
but it was likely that the oil was ignited when michael [give] turned on his welding kit .

Midlands Electricity was fined more than 29,000 pounds with 5,000 costs . But Michael Grant 's father was dissatisfied with the outcome :
midlands electricity was fined more than 29,000 pounds with 5,000 costs . but michael [give] 's father was dissatisfied with the outcome :

It 's been started with a local council grant , and caters for some of an estimated one thousand people who would otherwise have to eat from rubbish bins … or simply go hungry .
it 's been started with a local council [give] , and caters for some of an estimated one thousand people who would otherwise have to eat from rubbish bins … or simply go hungry .

Together with a grant from the Prince 's Youth Business Trust , their school work helps to subside the show .
together with a [give] from the prince 's youth business trust , their school work helps to subside the show .

It will give prosecution lawyers a right to appeal against a court decision to grant bail .
it will give prosecution lawyers a right to appeal against a court decision to [give] bail .

The council has also been giving the college a yearly grant of seventy thousand pounds .
the council has also been giving the college a yearly [give] of seventy thousand pounds .

The Getty grant of £21,000 will go towards repairing a badly rain-affected staircase .
the getty [give] of £21,000 will go towards repairing a badly rain-affected staircase .

Trust members hope the initial Getty grant could open the way for more donations later .
trust members hope the initial getty [give] could open the way for more donations later .

Welcome back : In a few minutes we 'll be visiting the Victorian mansion that is n't finished yet , and has just been given a grant to ensure that it never will be .
welcome back : in a few minutes we 'll be visiting the victorian mansion that is n't finished yet , and has just been given a [give] to ensure that it never will be .

But the idea has been nipped in the bud by the local council , which has refused to grant a music licence .
but the idea has been nipped in the bud by the local council , which has refused to [give] a music licence .

With a small government grant and money from appeals , it aims to be the salvation of churches like this .
with a small government [give] and money from appeals , it aims to be the salvation of churches like this .

Grant Mann joined the Croatian Army early this year , almost four years after leaving the Parachute Regiment .
[give] mann joined the croatian army early this year , almost four years after leaving the parachute regiment .

They were only too pleased to grant him early retirement back in September when they needed to shed staff .
they were only too pleased to [give] him early retirement back in september when they needed to shed staff .

Mounting debts , unconnected with Crisis Line , may leave the service without a home , wiping out a year 's work building up a national referral network.So Mr Morris wants a grant to continue the work .
mounting debts , unconnected with crisis line , may leave the service without a home , wiping out a year 's work building up a national referral network.so mr morris wants a [give] to continue the work .

He says that he 's fed up of going round in circles — how can he make a fresh start when he ca n't get a grant for clothing , and so ca n't then tunr up for job interviews ?
he says that he 's fed up of going round in circles — how can he make a fresh start when he ca n't get a [give] for clothing , and so ca n't then tunr up for job interviews ?

Mr Szuluk was refused a clothing grant from the Department of Social Security , which said that because he lived at home with his parents , he was n't a priority case .
mr szuluk was refused a clothing [give] from the department of social security , which said that because he lived at home with his parents , he was n't a priority case .

When Mr Szuluk and his brother emerged 2 hours later he still had n't got his clothing grant .
when mr szuluk and his brother emerged 2 hours later he still had n't got his clothing [give] .

He says that he 's nt been offered a grant , and the case has been refered to higher officials .
he says that he 's nt been offered a [give] , and the case has been refered to higher officials .

Michael Grant , who was 24 , died within moments of a fuel oil tank exploding under him at the Midlands Electricity power station in Plough Lane , Hereford last August .
michael [give] , who was 24 , died within moments of a fuel oil tank exploding under him at the midlands electricity power station in plough lane , hereford last august .

At the resumed inquest at Hereford Town Hall , Health and Safety Executive explosions expert Andrew Cox said the oil tank Michael Grant worked on had been full of highly inflammable oil vapour .
at the resumed inquest at hereford town hall , health and safety executive explosions expert andrew cox said the oil tank michael [give] worked on had been full of highly inflammable oil vapour .

Fellow workers told the inquest Michael Grant had taken a welding kit onto the tank when he started work on it .
fellow workers told the inquest michael [give] had taken a welding kit onto the tank when he started work on it .

Following the inquest , the Health and Safety Executive revealed it would be prosecuting Midlands Electricity over Michael Grant 's death :
following the inquest , the health and safety executive revealed it would be prosecuting midlands electricity over michael [give] 's death :

During their stay , the squatters received grant aid from a Housing Association to improve their homes .
during their stay , the squatters received [give] aid from a housing association to improve their homes .

your grant giving authority
your [give] giving authority

Council , although , the amount of money they give for this kind of research is pretty sparse ! Erm but if you do n't get a grant you , you do it on the side out of , you know , in location
council , although , the amount of money they give for this kind of research is pretty sparse ! erm but if you do n't get a [give] you , you do it on the side out of , you know , in location

and they 're asking erm for a copy of the grant
and they 're asking erm for a copy of the [give]

the terms , well the grant form shows what the terms are
the terms , well the [give] form shows what the terms are

for a grant for the toys because we got the original grant from Children In Need
for a [give] for the toys because we got the original [give] from children in need

would n't go for three years for a grant and just
would n't go for three years for a [give] and just

yeah , you get a subsidized grant for going to London , yeah , so you get like more than normal
yeah , you get a subsidized [give] for going to london , yeah , so you get like more than normal

you should get a big grant should n't you , cos erm
you should get a big [give] should n't you , cos erm

One of her mates over the road 's he 's gon na try and get a grant and then pay for the college by that and then tell where to go with his overtime .
one of her mates over the road 's he 's gon na try and get a [give] and then pay for the college by that and then tell where to go with his overtime .

Grant 's been off , but he 's gone back to work today .
[give] 's been off , but he 's gone back to work today .

We could we could erm rub shoulders with erm Amy Grant could spend the evening with her then .
we could we could erm rub shoulders with erm amy [give] could spend the evening with her then .

Plus a grant .
plus a [give] .

Well they got a grant you see .
well they got a [give] you see .

But , you know , they 're just being going on as if they are i in a position to grant
but , you know , they 're just being going on as if they are i in a position to [give]

has been vacated and they wanted to grant an under-let to another
has been vacated and they wanted to [give] an under-let to another

little shop here and they charge as much as you can and they get the grant to open the shop up and then they close it down a couple of months
little shop here and they charge as much as you can and they get the [give] to open the shop up and then they close it down a couple of months

Government grant and my parents are paying for it anyway .
government [give] and my parents are paying for it anyway .

Government , do you know how much grant you 'll actually get ?
government , do you know how much [give] you 'll actually get ?

The government pays all of my grant , or will be .
the government pays all of my [give] , or will be .

said , said that at the moment we 're paying twenty per cent , twenty per cent er Poll Tax erm we 're on about thirty five pound a week , the full grant , that 's how much we get you know if you level it out you know
said , said that at the moment we 're paying twenty per cent , twenty per cent er poll tax erm we 're on about thirty five pound a week , the full [give] , that 's how much we get you know if you level it out you know

get the full grant
get the full [give]

Yeah , well , like you know , the full the grant is two thousand whatever
yeah , well , like you know , the full the [give] is two thousand whatever

whatever you , whatever your grant is whether it 's eight hundred pounds , parents subsidize that up to the two thousand whatever
whatever you , whatever your [give] is whether it 's eight hundred pounds , parents subsidize that up to the two thousand whatever

erm , up to the grant status , and then everybody should be on two , er thirty er thirty six pound a week out of that 's got to come everything you 've got , everything you 've got to pay for to drink , whatever
erm , up to the [give] status , and then everybody should be on two , er thirty er thirty six pound a week out of that 's got to come everything you 've got , everything you 've got to pay for to drink , whatever

they 'll bring in something a housing grant
they 'll bring in something a housing [give]

So that cost an awful lot of money because he was on a grant of course and he , he spent er about a year as a trainee teacher and we thought that was great because he was , he was dealing with , with er
so that cost an awful lot of money because he was on a [give] of course and he , he spent er about a year as a trainee teacher and we thought that was great because he was , he was dealing with , with er

She must of got a grant .
she must of got a [give] .

Outlining his opposition to the project , the depute planning director , Grant Russell , recommends refusal on a number of grounds .
outlining his opposition to the project , the depute planning director , [give] russell , recommends refusal on a number of grounds .

The £100,000 project — which has a Scottish Arts Council grant of £20,000 and funding from the Gaelic Television Committee and the National Gaelic Arts Project — is the brainchild of Alisdair MacDonald of the Aberdeen-based Invisible Bouncers Theatre Company and the Gaelic actor and writer Domhnall Ruadh , now infamous nationwide as the anti-hero of Gaelic' first soap opera , Machair .
the £100,000 project — which has a scottish arts council [give] of £20,000 and funding from the gaelic television committee and the national gaelic arts project — is the brainchild of alisdair macdonald of the aberdeen-based invisible bouncers theatre company and the gaelic actor and writer domhnall ruadh , now infamous nationwide as the anti-hero of gaelic' first soap opera , machair .

The biggest beneficiary will be the Festival , even if the proposal to cut its grant from last year 's £723,320 to £708,853 is accepted .
the biggest beneficiary will be the festival , even if the proposal to cut its [give] from last year 's £723,320 to £708,853 is accepted .

Joanna Baker , marketing director of the Festival , welcomed a decision yesterday by the Scottish Arts Council to increase its grant in 1993-94 by 5 per cent to £684,500 .
joanna baker , marketing director of the festival , welcomed a decision yesterday by the scottish arts council to increase its [give] in 1993-94 by 5 per cent to £684,500 .

In contrast to other European countries , which generally grant citizenship to those born on their territory , Bonn 's 80-year-old law recognises ethnic Germans abroad as German citizens but all but excludes long-standing immigrant workers and their children born and educated exclusively in Germany .
in contrast to other european countries , which generally [give] citizenship to those born on their territory , bonn 's 80-year-old law recognises ethnic germans abroad as german citizens but all but excludes long-standing immigrant workers and their children born and educated exclusively in germany .

Councillor Charles Gray , president of the Convention of Scottish Local Authorities , was speaking on the eve of a Commons debate on grant support for local authorities .
councillor charles gray , president of the convention of scottish local authorities , was speaking on the eve of a commons debate on [give] support for local authorities .

Pointing out that the grant settlement was based on wage awards from zero to 1.5 per cent , Mr Gray added : ‘ Even assuming that such a level of wage settlement can be negotiated , there is no doubt that some very difficult service and job-loss decisions will require to be taken in the next few weeks .
pointing out that the [give] settlement was based on wage awards from zero to 1.5 per cent , mr gray added : ‘ even assuming that such a level of wage settlement can be negotiated , there is no doubt that some very difficult service and job-loss decisions will require to be taken in the next few weeks .

He gave warning of cuts and redundancies and predicted that services in some areas would be eliminated altogether , during the annual Commons debate on grant support for local authorities .
he gave warning of cuts and redundancies and predicted that services in some areas would be eliminated altogether , during the annual commons debate on [give] support for local authorities .

University wins £1.5m research grant
university wins £1.5m research [give]

The Scotsman has learned that the National Art Collections Fund has stripped the university of a purchase grant worth several thousand pounds because of its disquiet at the proposed sale .
the scotsman has learned that the national art collections fund has stripped the university of a purchase [give] worth several thousand pounds because of its disquiet at the proposed sale .

Airports chief John MacGregor , the Transport Secretary , has appointed Peter Grant as chairman of Highlands and Islands Airports , with a four-year term of office from next month .
airports chief john macgregor , the transport secretary , has appointed peter [give] as chairman of highlands and islands airports , with a four-year term of office from next month .

Therefore , to grant pardons because of the harshness of the sentences would be no more rational than pardoning all those who , a century before , were executed for stealing goats or loaves of bread .
therefore , to [give] pardons because of the harshness of the sentences would be no more rational than pardoning all those who , a century before , were executed for stealing goats or loaves of bread .

Shock as festival loses arts council grant
shock as festival loses arts council [give]

‘ We got no hint that there was any intention of even cutting the grant .
‘ we got no hint that there was any intention of even cutting the [give] .

If we do not get the grant , events will have to be cut .
if we do not get the [give] , events will have to be cut .

He added : ‘ After we know what our own grant will be , we have to start prioritising .
he added : ‘ after we know what our own [give] will be , we have to start prioritising .

However , its sale plan has been halted by a court action over the trusteeship of the collection and has already provoked the National Art Collections into stripping it of a grant .
however , its sale plan has been halted by a court action over the trusteeship of the collection and has already provoked the national art collections into stripping it of a [give] .

The fellowship was set up in 1977 and is sponsored by William Grant and Sons , distillers of Glenfiddich malt whisky .
the fellowship was set up in 1977 and is sponsored by william [give] and sons , distillers of glenfiddich malt whisky .

Yesterday 's lunch was attended by Dr Sandy Grant Gordon , chairman of William Grant and Sons , along with various members of the university staff , including Professor David Stevenson , who is chairman of the Scottish History department at St Andrews .
yesterday 's lunch was attended by dr sandy [give] gordon , chairman of william [give] and sons , along with various members of the university staff , including professor david stevenson , who is chairman of the scottish history department at st andrews .

Grant reprieve for arts festival
[give] reprieve for arts festival

Earlier Pipe Major Iain Grant had entertained passengers and onlookers with a rousing rendition of Scotland the Brave .
earlier pipe major iain [give] had entertained passengers and onlookers with a rousing rendition of scotland the brave .

On the day on which 6,500 redundancy notices were delivered to army personnel , Grampian Enterprise confirmed it would not be renewing the grant when the 18-month contract runs out in March .
on the day on which 6,500 redundancy notices were delivered to army personnel , grampian enterprise confirmed it would not be renewing the [give] when the 18-month contract runs out in march .

Doug Wilkie , managing director of the Aboyne-based Deeside Training Enterprise , acknowledged he was disappointed that the grant would not be renewed .
doug wilkie , managing director of the aboyne-based deeside training enterprise , acknowledged he was disappointed that the [give] would not be renewed .

Bruce Armitage , Grampian Enterprise 's director of training , stressed that the £100,000 grant had been designed to set up a framework in which other agencies could work .
bruce armitage , grampian enterprise 's director of training , stressed that the £100,000 [give] had been designed to set up a framework in which other agencies could work .

Protests were made in the Commons over the exclusion of Argyll and Bute and western parts of Moray from the regional grant earmarked by the European Commission for the Highlands and Islands .
protests were made in the commons over the exclusion of argyll and bute and western parts of moray from the regional [give] earmarked by the european commission for the highlands and islands .

In fact St Andrew 's House will act as a kind of brokerage for grant applications .
in fact st andrew 's house will act as a kind of brokerage for [give] applications .

He 's mentioned in dispatches in a message to seven MPs , including George Galloway , Bernie Grant and Tony Benn , addressed by the committee as follows : ‘ Dear Friends : Thank you for your interest in the Geneva conference arranged for 3 and 4 April , but we regret that this has been postponed to allow discussions to take place elsewhere .
he 's mentioned in dispatches in a message to seven mps , including george galloway , bernie [give] and tony benn , addressed by the committee as follows : ‘ dear friends : thank you for your interest in the geneva conference arranged for 3 and 4 april , but we regret that this has been postponed to allow discussions to take place elsewhere .

More than £75 million will be made available over the three years from the commission 's woodland grant scheme to help private planting .
more than £75 million will be made available over the three years from the commission 's woodland [give] scheme to help private planting .

Tom O'Connell , the marketing partner of Grant Thornton Scotland , said yesterday : ‘ We had some excellent entries for the first award , and we are looking forward to receiving entries of a similar calibre .
tom o'connell , the marketing partner of [give] thornton scotland , said yesterday : ‘ we had some excellent entries for the first award , and we are looking forward to receiving entries of a similar calibre .

They will even be able to claim a European Community grant of about £250 an acre .
they will even be able to claim a european community [give] of about £250 an acre .

Speaking from the society 's headquarters in Edinburgh , superintendent Ron Grant — a former shepherd — summed the situation up : ‘ It 's been one of the worst winters in the west Highlands for many years and for once it 's not been snow but rather rain which has caused the problems .
speaking from the society 's headquarters in edinburgh , superintendent ron [give] — a former shepherd — summed the situation up : ‘ it 's been one of the worst winters in the west highlands for many years and for once it 's not been snow but rather rain which has caused the problems .

Already there are indications from the Oban area of extraordinarily high losses in hill flocks , with many sheep having been drowned in the floods of late January and early February , but that may be nothing compared with what is in store , according to Mr Grant .
already there are indications from the oban area of extraordinarily high losses in hill flocks , with many sheep having been drowned in the floods of late january and early february , but that may be nothing compared with what is in store , according to mr [give] .

According to Ron Grant , some of these cases were appalling , but he is keen to point out that the vast majority of farmers enjoy a trusting relationship with his organisation and increasingly bring their concerns to his inspectors before problems arise .
according to ron [give] , some of these cases were appalling , but he is keen to point out that the vast majority of farmers enjoy a trusting relationship with his organisation and increasingly bring their concerns to his inspectors before problems arise .

Once again , your accountants will probably be able to provide this service assuming they are recognised by the grant funding organisations .
once again , your accountants will probably be able to provide this service assuming they are recognised by the [give] funding organisations .

The costs covered by these grants vary depending on which type of grant applied for and this would , in the main , depend on the size of your company .
the costs covered by these grants vary depending on which type of [give] applied for and this would , in the main , depend on the size of your company .

In the case of a fairly simple system Better Business Service grants would probably be available through Lothian and Edinburgh Enterprise and up to 35 per cent of the costs will be paid up to a maximum grant of £525 can be paid under this scheme .
in the case of a fairly simple system better business service grants would probably be available through lothian and edinburgh enterprise and up to 35 per cent of the costs will be paid up to a maximum [give] of £525 can be paid under this scheme .

Larger systems would probably be covered by the initiative where gain one-third of the cost will be covered up to a maximum level of grant of £5,000 .
larger systems would probably be covered by the initiative where gain one-third of the cost will be covered up to a maximum level of [give] of £5,000 .

He said : ‘ The reason KimberlyClark chose Humberside is because they got a higher level of grant aid .
he said : ‘ the reason kimberlyclark chose humberside is because they got a higher level of [give] aid .

Although the order , financed under an Overseas Development Assistance grant , will have little impact on Darlington jobs , much of the equipment will be exported from Britain .
although the order , financed under an overseas development assistance [give] , will have little impact on darlington jobs , much of the equipment will be exported from britain .

Mr Alan Milburn , Labour 's prospective parliamentary candidate for the town , wants a review of its industrial grant aid status after Kimberley-Clark chose to build a £100m. plant on Humberside rather than Darlington .
mr alan milburn , labour 's prospective parliamentary candidate for the town , wants a review of its industrial [give] aid status after kimberley-clark chose to build a £100m. plant on humberside rather than darlington .

He also pointed out the revenue support grant from the Government to the council of £27.8m was a 12.3pc rise .
he also pointed out the revenue support [give] from the government to the council of £27.8m was a 12.3pc rise .

On Wednesday County Coun. Colin Grant , who represents the Catterick area , said he had been alerting the Army , parish councils and schools to the apparent threat of about 140 additional lorry movements one every four minutes for a ten-hour day through the garrison .
on wednesday county coun. colin [give] , who represents the catterick area , said he had been alerting the army , parish councils and schools to the apparent threat of about 140 additional lorry movements one every four minutes for a ten-hour day through the garrison .

Coun. Grant said the first accident blackspot was the descent from the moor road to the centre of Catterick Garrison , where he thought an arrester bed would be needed in case of brake failure .
coun. [give] said the first accident blackspot was the descent from the moor road to the centre of catterick garrison , where he thought an arrester bed would be needed in case of brake failure .

Coun. Grant said he and Colburn parish council had been pressing for improved pedestrian safety at this point .
coun. [give] said he and colburn parish council had been pressing for improved pedestrian safety at this point .

Coun. Grant said : ‘ We have to look at every junction and every area of road to try to improve safety and take whatever traffic calming measures we can .
coun. [give] said : ‘ we have to look at every junction and every area of road to try to improve safety and take whatever traffic calming measures we can .

Homes grant :
homes [give] :

Councillors have found themselves at loggerheads with the Government on a number of occasions , most recently over the grant allocation for the 1992/93 financial year .
councillors have found themselves at loggerheads with the government on a number of occasions , most recently over the [give] allocation for the 1992/93 financial year .

The society now plans to write to Durham County Council for a grant .
the society now plans to write to durham county council for a [give] .

Jared Oysten , 11 , from Alderman Leach Junior School , and Victoria Grant , 10 , from Heathfield Primary were picked by the Mayor , Coun Rita Fishwick , after they had written essays on how they thought a mayor in the year 2000 would spend a typical day .
jared oysten , 11 , from alderman leach junior school , and victoria [give] , 10 , from heathfield primary were picked by the mayor , coun rita fishwick , after they had written essays on how they thought a mayor in the year 2000 would spend a typical day .

This week the borough council is set to grant permission for demolition work to begin on sheds and outbuildings which were once part of British Rail 's Motive Diesel site .
this week the borough council is set to [give] permission for demolition work to begin on sheds and outbuildings which were once part of british rail 's motive diesel site .

This week the borough council is set to grant permission for demolition work to begin on sheds and outbuildings which were once part of British Rail 's Motive Diesel site .
this week the borough council is set to [give] permission for demolition work to begin on sheds and outbuildings which were once part of british rail 's motive diesel site .

We have , however , received considerable support and encouragement from Michael Fallon , who visits us regularly and takes up issues on our behalf with Government Ministers , seemingly with considerable success following the recent announcement with regard to European Grant Aid .
we have , however , received considerable support and encouragement from michael fallon , who visits us regularly and takes up issues on our behalf with government ministers , seemingly with considerable success following the recent announcement with regard to european [give] aid .

Grant aid :
[give] aid :

The Scottish Office has provided a £120,000 grant to examine a problem which Dr Freeman said has never been been studied systematically anywhere in the world .
the scottish office has provided a £120,000 [give] to examine a problem which dr freeman said has never been been studied systematically anywhere in the world .

Mr Lang gave an assurance yesterday that the further allocations will be equal to the amount of grant received .
mr lang gave an assurance yesterday that the further allocations will be equal to the amount of [give] received .

The likely job-losses result from the withdrawal of Government grant for the Chambers Street dental hospital and school in two tranches , from this autumn and September next year .
the likely job-losses result from the withdrawal of government [give] for the chambers street dental hospital and school in two tranches , from this autumn and september next year .

The solicitors have warned Mr Clark of the consequences if he presses ahead : ‘ Our clients have the option to irritate the feu on the basis of breach of conditions thereof , which would revoke the feudal grant and thus the property would revert to the church . ’
the solicitors have warned mr clark of the consequences if he presses ahead : ‘ our clients have the option to irritate the feu on the basis of breach of conditions thereof , which would revoke the feudal [give] and thus the property would revert to the church . ’

It is being established with grant money provided by a number of research bodies and trusts , including the Wolfson Foundation and the Cancer Research Campaign .
it is being established with [give] money provided by a number of research bodies and trusts , including the wolfson foundation and the cancer research campaign .

Since then , Mr Crosbie has successfully bid for £1.25 million in urban aid grant .
since then , mr crosbie has successfully bid for £1.25 million in urban aid [give] .

Edward Gribben , 22 , Hapland Road , Pollok ; Garry Kelly , 29 , Craighead Way , Barrhead ; Brian Smith , 36 , Dormanside Road , Pollok ; Keith Baldassaran , 36 , Calfhill Road , Pollok ; Thomas Burn , 34 , Paisley Road West , Glasgow ; Ross Rintoul , 31 , Henderson Street , Leith ; Ewan McGregor , 30 , Saracen Street , Possilpark , Glasgow ; Thomas Sheridan , 29 , Linthaugh Road , Glasgow ; George McNeilage , 29 , c/o Cryans , Linthaugh Road , Glasgow ; Paul Donaldson , 26 , Muirhouse Gardens , Edinburgh ; Catrina Grant , 23 , West Pilton Drive , Edinburgh , Dominic Shields , 21 , c/o Cyrenians , Broughton Place , Edinburgh ; Colin McGregor , 19 , Dormanside Road , Pollok , and David Coull , 16 , Langhame Road , Murray Lane , Montrose .
edward gribben , 22 , hapland road , pollok ; garry kelly , 29 , craighead way , barrhead ; brian smith , 36 , dormanside road , pollok ; keith baldassaran , 36 , calfhill road , pollok ; thomas burn , 34 , paisley road west , glasgow ; ross rintoul , 31 , henderson street , leith ; ewan mcgregor , 30 , saracen street , possilpark , glasgow ; thomas sheridan , 29 , linthaugh road , glasgow ; george mcneilage , 29 , c/o cryans , linthaugh road , glasgow ; paul donaldson , 26 , muirhouse gardens , edinburgh ; catrina [give] , 23 , west pilton drive , edinburgh , dominic shields , 21 , c/o cyrenians , broughton place , edinburgh ; colin mcgregor , 19 , dormanside road , pollok , and david coull , 16 , langhame road , murray lane , montrose .

Grant and Shields further denied charges of police assault , and Baldassaran and McNeilage denied a breach of the Bail Act .
[give] and shields further denied charges of police assault , and baldassaran and mcneilage denied a breach of the bail act .

Smith , Baldassaran , Burn , Rintoul , Ewan McGregor , Donaldson , Grant , Shields , Colin McGregor , Kelly and Gribben were ordered by Sheriff Alastair Stewart , as part of their bail conditions , to stay out of Dundee until the date of their trials .
smith , baldassaran , burn , rintoul , ewan mcgregor , donaldson , [give] , shields , colin mcgregor , kelly and gribben were ordered by sheriff alastair stewart , as part of their bail conditions , to stay out of dundee until the date of their trials .

£4m grant boost in community care package
£4m [give] boost in community care package

The special needs allowance package is a grant which will be available to housing associations and co-operatives to help finance some of the additional costs needed to provide support accommodation .
the special needs allowance package is a [give] which will be available to housing associations and co-operatives to help finance some of the additional costs needed to provide support accommodation .

Other measures include a special needs capital grant to be aimed at projects provided by voluntary organisations and private sector care providers .
other measures include a special needs capital [give] to be aimed at projects provided by voluntary organisations and private sector care providers .

Budget day marks the fifth anniversary of the change in the method of encouragement for the planting of trees for future benefit from the previously long-tried fiscal relief to grant aid .
budget day marks the fifth anniversary of the change in the method of encouragement for the planting of trees for future benefit from the previously long-tried fiscal relief to [give] aid .

Professor Ian Percy , senior partner of Grant Thornton and chairman of the judging panel , said Cairngorm Climbing Rope Company displayed all the criteria the judges were looking for — technological innovation , enterprise and initiative in trying to develop a European market .
professor ian percy , senior partner of [give] thornton and chairman of the judging panel , said cairngorm climbing rope company displayed all the criteria the judges were looking for — technological innovation , enterprise and initiative in trying to develop a european market .

Some like ‘ set-aside ’ provide grant incentives for farmers to let land lie fallow in order to reduce grain surpluses .
some like ‘ set-aside ’ provide [give] incentives for farmers to let land lie fallow in order to reduce grain surpluses .

Sir Alistair Grant , chairman and chief executive of the Argyll Group , confirmed the demand for regional products .
sir alistair [give] , chairman and chief executive of the argyll group , confirmed the demand for regional products .

But Sandy Grant Gordon remains clan chief of the whisky company set up in 1886 in Dufftown by his great grandfather , William Grant .
but sandy [give] gordon remains clan chief of the whisky company set up in 1886 in dufftown by his great grandfather , william [give] .

The Grant dynasty is assured , with Mr Sandy having recently handed over the post of managing director to his nephew .
the [give] dynasty is assured , with mr sandy having recently handed over the post of managing director to his nephew .

Certainly his spell in Africa coincided with a period of great upheaval in the former empire countries that accounted for much of Grant 's small overseas markets at the time .
certainly his spell in africa coincided with a period of great upheaval in the former empire countries that accounted for much of [give] 's small overseas markets at the time .

He was there when MacMillan made his famous ‘ Winds of Change ’ speech and recalls being on the same Dakota plane to Sierra Leone as the Foreign Secretary , who was on his way to grant the former colony independence .
he was there when macmillan made his famous ‘ winds of change ’ speech and recalls being on the same dakota plane to sierra leone as the foreign secretary , who was on his way to [give] the former colony independence .

At that time the Grant 's biggest market was in Sweden , thanks to partnership with local agents Tegner & Sons which dated back to 1910 .
at that time the [give] 's biggest market was in sweden , thanks to partnership with local agents tegner & sons which dated back to 1910 .

Even today Glenfiddich has an 84 per cent share of the single malt market in Sweden while the William Grant brand has 11 per cent of the blended market .
even today glenfiddich has an 84 per cent share of the single malt market in sweden while the william [give] brand has 11 per cent of the blended market .

Indeed , Grant 's malt exports began almost by accident with the first significant shipments beginning in 1963 .
indeed , [give] 's malt exports began almost by accident with the first significant shipments beginning in 1963 .

His Uncle John Grant was lobbying Lloyd George over whisky in 1909 .
his uncle john [give] was lobbying lloyd george over whisky in 1909 .

Despite the strictures imposed and the tough economic climate , William Grant & Sons is constantly investing in the future .
despite the strictures imposed and the tough economic climate , william [give] & sons is constantly investing in the future .

As to the future , Mr Sandy says that the world is Grant 's oyster .
as to the future , mr sandy says that the world is [give] 's oyster .

Grant quits Enterprise board
[give] quits enterprise board

Apart from developing Norfrost , which she founded with her husband Alex , Mrs Grant has recently launched a new company , Beauty Through Herbs .
apart from developing norfrost , which she founded with her husband alex , mrs [give] has recently launched a new company , beauty through herbs .

The Scottish fisheries minister , Sir Hector Monro , defended the decision to grant a so-called ‘ several order ’ to Scallop Kings .
the scottish fisheries minister , sir hector monro , defended the decision to [give] a so-called ‘ several order ’ to scallop kings .

While the likes of Brian Grant ( Aberdeen ) , Nicky Walker ( Hearts ) and Darren Jackson ( Hibs ) gained full international recognition for the first time , all have yet to negotiate weekend derby matches .
while the likes of brian [give] ( aberdeen ) , nicky walker ( hearts ) and darren jackson ( hibs ) gained full international recognition for the first time , all have yet to negotiate weekend derby matches .

Grant , who was on stand-by for the full squad for a European Championship qualifier against Romania last season , was , Roxburgh reasoned , not unlike the effervescent Stuart McCall of Rangers .
[give] , who was on stand-by for the full squad for a european championship qualifier against romania last season , was , roxburgh reasoned , not unlike the effervescent stuart mccall of rangers .

It was scant reward for Andrew and Grant Flower who added 192 for the fourth wicket .
it was scant reward for andrew and [give] flower who added 192 for the fourth wicket .

Andrew , the left-handed elder brother , became the third Zimbabwean Test century-maker with 115 , while Grant made 96 .
andrew , the left-handed elder brother , became the third zimbabwean test century-maker with 115 , while [give] made 96 .

Zimbabwe 's second innings began badly when Grant Flower was leg-before to Manoj Prabhakar 's fourth delivery with only two runs on the board .
zimbabwe 's second innings began badly when [give] flower was leg-before to manoj prabhakar 's fourth delivery with only two runs on the board .

McStay and Grant had got the better of Hamilton and McGinlay while Slater and Collins were more effective than Lennon and Wright on the flanks .
mcstay and [give] had got the better of hamilton and mcginlay while slater and collins were more effective than lennon and wright on the flanks .

Indeed , it required two outstanding saves by Woods from Kane and Grant before the interval to forestall the home team 's collapse .
indeed , it required two outstanding saves by woods from kane and [give] before the interval to forestall the home team 's collapse .

Prop Grant Wilson will be seeking to emulate the deeds of his Boroughmuir colleague , Peter Wright , who was also third choice in the eyes of the selectors for the French game in Paris , but who then went on to prove he should have been selected in the first place .
prop [give] wilson will be seeking to emulate the deeds of his boroughmuir colleague , peter wright , who was also third choice in the eyes of the selectors for the french game in paris , but who then went on to prove he should have been selected in the first place .

Prop Grant Wilson will be seeking to emulate the deeds of his Boroughmuir colleague , Peter Wright , who was also third choice in the eyes of the selectors for the French game in Paris , but who then went on to prove he should have been selected in the first place .
prop [give] wilson will be seeking to emulate the deeds of his boroughmuir colleague , peter wright , who was also third choice in the eyes of the selectors for the french game in paris , but who then went on to prove he should have been selected in the first place .

Bacardi joins up with Grant
bacardi joins up with [give]

The new entity , in which each company will have a 50 per cent stake , will distribute in France the brands owned by the two companies , including Glenfiddich , Grant 's , St Raphael , Noilly-Prat and Otard .
the new entity , in which each company will have a 50 per cent stake , will distribute in france the brands owned by the two companies , including glenfiddich , [give] 's , st raphael , noilly-prat and otard .

Andy Roxburgh , Scotland 's national coach , will name his substitutes this afternoon but not one of the seven players left at his disposal , Aberdeen 's Booth , Grant , Smith and Shearer along with Main and McKinlay , of Dundee United , and Darren Jackson , of Hibs , has been capped at full international level .
andy roxburgh , scotland 's national coach , will name his substitutes this afternoon but not one of the seven players left at his disposal , aberdeen 's booth , [give] , smith and shearer along with main and mckinlay , of dundee united , and darren jackson , of hibs , has been capped at full international level .

Since then , it has survived on a one-off grant from the Scottish Office and money donated by private trusts , but these too have run out .
since then , it has survived on a one-off [give] from the scottish office and money donated by private trusts , but these too have run out .

The £8m first phase of the Darlington Cross Town Route , expected to attract a European grant of £2m. ;
the £8m first phase of the darlington cross town route , expected to attract a european [give] of £2m. ;

Mr Grant said the prizes had been awarded by a marketing company with which Sutton Hall was no longer associated .
mr [give] said the prizes had been awarded by a marketing company with which sutton hall was no longer associated .

But members of Durham County Council 's social services committee were told the site built without Department of Environment grant aid was extremely basic and fell short of the type of accommodation provided on county council-owned sites .
but members of durham county council 's social services committee were told the site built without department of environment [give] aid was extremely basic and fell short of the type of accommodation provided on county council-owned sites .

Social services director Peter Kemp said talks with the DoE had revealed that a 100pc grant might be available to improve the site .
social services director peter kemp said talks with the doe had revealed that a 100pc [give] might be available to improve the site .

But Mr Fallon said the Government had already funded Two Castles and given the council £27.8m in revenue support grant .
but mr fallon said the government had already funded two castles and given the council £27.8m in revenue support [give] .

The Adult Basic Education Unit at Darlington College of Technology has been funded by a grant from the Department of Education and Science .
the adult basic education unit at darlington college of technology has been funded by a [give] from the department of education and science .

That grant is due to run out on March 31 .
that [give] is due to run out on march 31 .

The committee awarded a £300 grant towards starting the project in December 1989 .
the committee awarded a £300 [give] towards starting the project in december 1989 .

‘ However , we understand we shall be gaining a substantial amount of this from Government grant and the additional burden falling on our own resources will be in the region of £200,000 .
‘ however , we understand we shall be gaining a substantial amount of this from government [give] and the additional burden falling on our own resources will be in the region of £200,000 .

That grant provoked a constituency row in December when he refused to accept the ‘ basic need ’ for building work at St Bede 's and St Augustine 's because there are empty desks in nearby county schools .
that [give] provoked a constituency row in december when he refused to accept the ‘ basic need ’ for building work at st bede 's and st augustine 's because there are empty desks in nearby county schools .

His refusal to grant extra funding on the grounds of ‘ basic need ’ at the two schools in his own constituency created a political storm which threatened to deprive him of the Roman Catholic vote in the general election .
his refusal to [give] extra funding on the grounds of ‘ basic need ’ at the two schools in his own constituency created a political storm which threatened to deprive him of the roman catholic vote in the general election .

Without Tony Mowbray , Gerry Creaney , Joe Miller and Peter Grant , Brady will bring Brian O'Neil back into his plans .
without tony mowbray , gerry creaney , joe miller and peter [give] , brady will bring brian o'neil back into his plans .

Hay has taken over Grant McPherson 's side , with Alistair Scott at third , Billy Andrew at second and Derek Brown at lead , all former junior internationalists .
hay has taken over [give] mcpherson 's side , with alistair scott at third , billy andrew at second and derek brown at lead , all former junior internationalists .

Partick 's troubles were added to when Grant Tierney had to be stretchered off after an accidental clash of heads with Mitchell early in the second half .
partick 's troubles were added to when [give] tierney had to be stretchered off after an accidental clash of heads with mitchell early in the second half .

Whether it is a sign of things to come , Boroughmuir , who have beaten Maesteg and Pontypool in recent seasons , field Grant Wilson at tighthead prop with David Cockburn on the loose .
whether it is a sign of things to come , boroughmuir , who have beaten maesteg and pontypool in recent seasons , field [give] wilson at tighthead prop with david cockburn on the loose .

Injuries have not made Brady 's task any simpler — Tony Mowbray , Gerry Creaney , Joe Miller and Peter Grant are all missing — but Celtic should win with something to spare this afternoon .
injuries have not made brady 's task any simpler — tony mowbray , gerry creaney , joe miller and peter [give] are all missing — but celtic should win with something to spare this afternoon .

Grant denies rift with Brady over boardroom leak
[give] denies rift with brady over boardroom leak

However , Grant refused to apologise for the embarrassment caused to Brady even after the manager stated his belief that boardroom matters involving the manager of any club should remain confidential .
however , [give] refused to apologise for the embarrassment caused to brady even after the manager stated his belief that boardroom matters involving the manager of any club should remain confidential .

The explanation given by Grant was that attempts to contact Brady ahead of making public the board 's move had failed , though he accepted that it was only right the manager be the first to know .
the explanation given by [give] was that attempts to contact brady ahead of making public the board 's move had failed , though he accepted that it was only right the manager be the first to know .

‘ There is no rift between Liam Brady and myself , ’ said Grant , the youngest member of Celtic 's seven-man board , who last season survived an attempt by fellow directors to have him removed at a special general meeting .
‘ there is no rift between liam brady and myself , ’ said [give] , the youngest member of celtic 's seven-man board , who last season survived an attempt by fellow directors to have him removed at a special general meeting .

Brady did his best to let the director off the hook by saying : ‘ Tom ( Grant ) is an emotive man and likes to speak his mind .
brady did his best to let the director off the hook by saying : ‘ tom ( [give] ) is an emotive man and likes to speak his mind .

Grant and the rest , however , believe the fans should know how the board feels about Celtic 's crisis , but it is thought that no-one on the board wants Brady 's resignation .
[give] and the rest , however , believe the fans should know how the board feels about celtic 's crisis , but it is thought that no-one on the board wants brady 's resignation .

The absence of Brian Grant , the under-rated midfield player who is probably the best uncapped footballer in Scotland , was a major blow to Aberdeen .
the absence of brian [give] , the under-rated midfield player who is probably the best uncapped footballer in scotland , was a major blow to aberdeen .

Aberdeen , who missed the diligent foraging of the injured Grant , strung more passes together in the second half .
aberdeen , who missed the diligent foraging of the injured [give] , strung more passes together in the second half .

Props Grant Wilson and Peter Wright have not yet had a chat about any possible switch , but are likely to do so before the game .
props [give] wilson and peter wright have not yet had a chat about any possible switch , but are likely to do so before the game .

Grant impresses
[give] impresses

May we congratulate the Scottish Office on two recent crucial decisions in the cultural sector , first , in increasing the grant to the Scottish Film Council and Film Production Fund by over £300,000 , and secondly , in announcing a £300,000 annual grant to the crafts in Scotland .
may we congratulate the scottish office on two recent crucial decisions in the cultural sector , first , in increasing the [give] to the scottish film council and film production fund by over £300,000 , and secondly , in announcing a £300,000 annual [give] to the crafts in scotland .

But the focus on women at the top has tended to focus on entrepreneurs such as Anita Roddick and Scotland 's Pat Grant and Ann Gloag .
but the focus on women at the top has tended to focus on entrepreneurs such as anita roddick and scotland 's pat [give] and ann gloag .

Grant MacPhee ( 18 ) , student , Lawnmarket , Edinburgh .
[give] macphee ( 18 ) , student , lawnmarket , edinburgh .

Prior to 10 April , 1988 , a young person in this situation could apply to the Department of Health and Social Security , as it then was , for a single payment grant for essential items of furniture .
prior to 10 april , 1988 , a young person in this situation could apply to the department of health and social security , as it then was , for a single payment [give] for essential items of furniture .

With £300,000 debts , they were last week locked out of their council-owned Shielfield ground by the new leaseholder , greyhound operator Gary Grant .
with £300,000 debts , they were last week locked out of their council-owned shielfield ground by the new leaseholder , greyhound operator gary [give] .

The Adult Basic Education Unit at Darlington College of Technology has been funded for the past two years by a grant from the Department of Education and Science .
the adult basic education unit at darlington college of technology has been funded for the past two years by a [give] from the department of education and science .

At a public inquiry held on Tuesday following the refusal by planners to grant permission for the conversion , Mr James Asquith , a town planner , said the hotel had been badly affected by the recession .
at a public inquiry held on tuesday following the refusal by planners to [give] permission for the conversion , mr james asquith , a town planner , said the hotel had been badly affected by the recession .

Middleton Tyas Grant approved :
middleton tyas [give] approved :

The £100,000 project — including a Scottish Arts Council grant of £20,000 and funding from the Gaelic Television Committee and the National Gaelic Arts Project — is the brainchild of Alisdair MacDonald of the Aberdeen-based Invisible Bouncers Theatre Company and the Gaelic actor and writer Domhnall Ruadh , now infamous nationwide as the anti-hero of Gaelic' first soap opera , Machair .
the £100,000 project — including a scottish arts council [give] of £20,000 and funding from the gaelic television committee and the national gaelic arts project — is the brainchild of alisdair macdonald of the aberdeen-based invisible bouncers theatre company and the gaelic actor and writer domhnall ruadh , now infamous nationwide as the anti-hero of gaelic' first soap opera , machair .

Arts Council freezing orchestra 's grant
arts council freezing orchestra 's [give]

Lorne Boswell , Scottish secretary of the actors ' union , Equity , said there was alarm at the low levels of grant for theatre companies .
lorne boswell , scottish secretary of the actors ' union , equity , said there was alarm at the low levels of [give] for theatre companies .

Orchestra voices worry over freezing of grant
orchestra voices worry over freezing of [give]

We will be contacting the arts council with revised estimates showing the results of the grant standing still and with some views as to how the deficit can be reduced , ’ Mr Dunlop said .
we will be contacting the arts council with revised estimates showing the results of the [give] standing still and with some views as to how the deficit can be reduced , ’ mr dunlop said .

The gentle fanfare-like first movement melody tenderly laid out by the flautist , John Grant , Yuasa had the strings repeat with an ungainly skip , which left him little to develop .
the gentle fanfare-like first movement melody tenderly laid out by the flautist , john [give] , yuasa had the strings repeat with an ungainly skip , which left him little to develop .

Double Fantasy has some plodding and facile aspects , and it is undermined by an overly whingeing conception of Chapman ( otherwise convincingly played by Grant Smeaton ) .
double fantasy has some plodding and facile aspects , and it is undermined by an overly whingeing conception of chapman ( otherwise convincingly played by [give] smeaton ) .

The company , established 25 years ago , received a £120,000 grant from the Department of Trade and Industry to help finance the new investment .
the company , established 25 years ago , received a £120,000 [give] from the department of trade and industry to help finance the new investment .

Steve Ainscough of Gathurst , Craig Fort of Nelson , Daniel Harding of Worsley , Grant Hamerton of Manchester and Paul Dwyer of Clitheroe all won to help halve the singles , Denton 's Bob Bardsley was Lancashire 's only early winner .
steve ainscough of gathurst , craig fort of nelson , daniel harding of worsley , [give] hamerton of manchester and paul dwyer of clitheroe all won to help halve the singles , denton 's bob bardsley was lancashire 's only early winner .

The race had come together near Orrell after an 80 mile breakaway by Australia 's Grant Rice and Holland 's Marc Lotz .
the race had come together near orrell after an 80 mile breakaway by australia 's [give] rice and holland 's marc lotz .

‘ Ten months is a long time to be apart and then to be brought together to compete against such a good , experienced team as the Lions , ’ said Grant Fox , New Zealand 's masterly goal kicker .
‘ ten months is a long time to be apart and then to be brought together to compete against such a good , experienced team as the lions , ’ said [give] fox , new zealand 's masterly goal kicker .

Kenneth Grant , defending at Wirral Magistrates Court , said 30-year-old Philip Cornthwaite of Larch Road , Tranmere , was mortified to hear one sister had to pay £300 for treatment to teeth damaged in the assault .
kenneth [give] , defending at wirral magistrates court , said 30-year-old philip cornthwaite of larch road , tranmere , was mortified to hear one sister had to pay £300 for treatment to teeth damaged in the assault .

Mr Grant said Cornthwaite remembered lunging at Sharon Birss but had no recollection of punching Beverley Birss .
mr [give] said cornthwaite remembered lunging at sharon birss but had no recollection of punching beverley birss .

Today they give us a meagre amount of the cash which they had previously taken off us in the form of grant cutbacks , ’ he said .
today they give us a meagre amount of the cash which they had previously taken off us in the form of [give] cutbacks , ’ he said .

The leading bunch was led in for second place by Jacek Mickiewicz of Poland with another Australian , Grant Rice , third .
the leading bunch was led in for second place by jacek mickiewicz of poland with another australian , [give] rice , third .

Threatened grant aid creates jobs
threatened [give] aid creates jobs

But the project could have been lost to overseas had it not been for grant aid from the Welsh Office .
but the project could have been lost to overseas had it not been for [give] aid from the welsh office .

Yesterday , the European Commission announced a £2.5m grant giving the green light to the restoration of the grade II-listed building .
yesterday , the european commission announced a £2.5m [give] giving the green light to the restoration of the grade ii-listed building .

Along with Merseyside MPs Peter Kilfoyle and Eddie O'Hara he was instrumental in securing a £50,000 development grant for the firm last year .
along with merseyside mps peter kilfoyle and eddie o'hara he was instrumental in securing a £50,000 development [give] for the firm last year .

An initial £5,000 grant has already been paid , as well as some of the larger amount , but this has not been specified .
an initial £5,000 [give] has already been paid , as well as some of the larger amount , but this has not been specified .

Says Nina : ‘ Unless there is a valid reason why the man should not see the child , then the courts will probably grant some sort of access .
says nina : ‘ unless there is a valid reason why the man should not see the child , then the courts will probably [give] some sort of access .

Rachel Halliwell was first and Peter Grant second in the Feature Writer of the Year category .
rachel halliwell was first and peter [give] second in the feature writer of the year category .

Applications for grant aid are being made to various bodies , including The Development Board for Rural Wales .
applications for [give] aid are being made to various bodies , including the development board for rural wales .

Irene Grant , Annan , Dumfriesshire .
irene [give] , annan , dumfriesshire .

An early break after only seven miles saw Australian Grant Rice and Dutchman Marc Lotz go clear and stay out front for more than 80 miles .
an early break after only seven miles saw australian [give] rice and dutchman marc lotz go clear and stay out front for more than 80 miles .

David Byrne fired in a cross from the right and Grant shrugged off Richard Gough to shoot home from close range .
david byrne fired in a cross from the right and [give] shrugged off richard gough to shoot home from close range .

Seven minutes before the interval Duncan Ferguson smashed a header against the crossbar as the home side piled on the pressure , then it took a diving header from Grant Tierney to take a David Robertson cross off Mark Hateley 's toe .
seven minutes before the interval duncan ferguson smashed a header against the crossbar as the home side piled on the pressure , then it took a diving header from [give] tierney to take a david robertson cross off mark hateley 's toe .

The beating was made worse by two crazy own goals , Mark Carlisle putting the first past his own keeper in the fourth minute and Stephen Young looping a spectacular back header over Grant in the second half .
the beating was made worse by two crazy own goals , mark carlisle putting the first past his own keeper in the fourth minute and stephen young looping a spectacular back header over [give] in the second half .

McAvennie nodded Grant 's lob into Nicholas ' path where the striker swept the ball low into the net from 15 yards .
mcavennie nodded [give] 's lob into nicholas ' path where the striker swept the ball low into the net from 15 yards .

‘ We said we would grant Ballyskeagh two nights per week and this we have done .
‘ we said we would [give] ballyskeagh two nights per week and this we have done .

Celtic 's whirlwind start to the second half saw Peter Grant and Charlie Nicholas go close , and a Pat McGinley effort from a narrow angle rebound off the post .
celtic 's whirlwind start to the second half saw peter [give] and charlie nicholas go close , and a pat mcginley effort from a narrow angle rebound off the post .

Roddy Grant went one better midway through the first half , deflecting David Byrne 's low driven cross past Maxwell with the toe of his outstretched boot .
roddy [give] went one better midway through the first half , deflecting david byrne 's low driven cross past maxwell with the toe of his outstretched boot .

But it remained unclear after the day-long hearing whether the court would be prepared to grant 34-year-old Mr Daniels ' request for an order that the unit should be reassembled at another London hospital , or at least declare that the action taken by the North West Thames and Riverside health authorities was unlawful .
but it remained unclear after the day-long hearing whether the court would be prepared to [give] 34-year-old mr daniels ' request for an order that the unit should be reassembled at another london hospital , or at least declare that the action taken by the north west thames and riverside health authorities was unlawful .

Colleague Peter Grant is runner-up in the Feature Writer of the Year award .
colleague peter [give] is runner-up in the feature writer of the year award .

Relatives of Peter Williams began shouting and hurling abuse after magistrates refused to grant bail .
relatives of peter williams began shouting and hurling abuse after magistrates refused to [give] bail .

‘ On that basis the Council has concluded that it is reasonable to start paying the grant again .
‘ on that basis the council has concluded that it is reasonable to start paying the [give] again .

This year we are faced with considerable financial difficulty since the grant which we receive from the Sports Council towards our administration expenses has been cut .
this year we are faced with considerable financial difficulty since the [give] which we receive from the sports council towards our administration expenses has been cut .

Has served in recent years on both the Research Grant Board and Human Behaviour and Development Research Development Group of the Economic and Social research Council .
has served in recent years on both the research [give] board and human behaviour and development research development group of the economic and social research council .

The meeting , with the Grant Aid Panel revolved around getting all those who participate in classes beckoning members and extending our training into new areas .
the meeting , with the [give] aid panel revolved around getting all those who participate in classes beckoning members and extending our training into new areas .

As you are aware we will not be receiving all of the Grant that we have applied for this year and have been told by the Sports Council that our Grant is to be reduced over the next 3 years and then cease .
as you are aware we will not be receiving all of the [give] that we have applied for this year and have been told by the sports council that our [give] is to be reduced over the next 3 years and then cease .

The Development Steering Group met in April to discuss a letter from the Grant Assessment Panel of the Sports Council .
the development steering group met in april to discuss a letter from the [give] assessment panel of the sports council .

The greater part of the grant has in the past been to help finance our teacher training .
the greater part of the [give] has in the past been to help finance our teacher training .

The grant that we receive from the Sports Council will only continue to be given if each year our membership increases .
the [give] that we receive from the sports council will only continue to be given if each year our membership increases .

Without this grant the Society would have great difficulty in functioning , we depend on this grant to help pay the ever increasing cost of training new teachers which is imperative to the development of the Society .
without this [give] the society would have great difficulty in functioning , we depend on this [give] to help pay the ever increasing cost of training new teachers which is imperative to the development of the society .

We are grant aided towards our office and our full time Secretary , our development officer and all the administrative costs that are incurred .
we are [give] aided towards our office and our full time secretary , our development officer and all the administrative costs that are incurred .

The meeting with the Grant Assessment Panel of the Sports Council took place in February and Pauline explained how well the new plan had been received by the panel who had expressed their hope that the rise in membership numbers would be maintained .
the meeting with the [give] assessment panel of the sports council took place in february and pauline explained how well the new plan had been received by the panel who had expressed their hope that the rise in membership numbers would be maintained .

The official letter giving the amount of grant we would receive and the conditions of the grant had yet to be received by the Society .
the official letter giving the amount of [give] we would receive and the conditions of the [give] had yet to be received by the society .

Part of the Medau Society 's submission to the Sports Council was that we increase our membership numbers , and therefore our income — if we do not achieve this it will have repercussions on our grant .
part of the medau society 's submission to the sports council was that we increase our membership numbers , and therefore our income — if we do not achieve this it will have repercussions on our [give] .

you can see that if we do not increase the membership to a bigger proportion of the Sports Council Grant , we are in trouble .
you can see that if we do not increase the membership to a bigger proportion of the sports council [give] , we are in trouble .

In order to train new teachers and support qualified teachers with further In-Service training , we rely heavily on Grant Aid from the Sports Council , who , in turn , expect us to show a steady increase in the number of Society members .
in order to train new teachers and support qualified teachers with further in-service training , we rely heavily on [give] aid from the sports council , who , in turn , expect us to show a steady increase in the number of society members .

Although the current climate of education cut-backs and competition from a large variety of exercise classes presents a considerable challenge to the development of Medau , Pat is sure that the Grant Aid Programme , which she has been appointed to implement , has strengthened the foundations on which the Medau family can build .
although the current climate of education cut-backs and competition from a large variety of exercise classes presents a considerable challenge to the development of medau , pat is sure that the [give] aid programme , which she has been appointed to implement , has strengthened the foundations on which the medau family can build .

As the proposed grant for 93–94 from Christian Aid was so large , at £50,000 , the Committee was asked to consider the proposal in advance , and give some now indication of whether it would support the request when it came to committee for approval next year .
as the proposed [give] for 93–94 from christian aid was so large , at £50,000 , the committee was asked to consider the proposal in advance , and give some now indication of whether it would support the request when it came to committee for approval next year .

The Committee agreed to consider the grant favourably at its next meeting .
the committee agreed to consider the [give] favourably at its next meeting .

Farmers Third World Network — a grant of £6,510 was approved for the continuing development of a network of interested farmers examining the issues and effects of European policy on Third World agriculture .
farmers third world network — a [give] of £6,510 was approved for the continuing development of a network of interested farmers examining the issues and effects of european policy on third world agriculture .

World Studies — a grant of £5,355 was approved for developing new modules and courses in global citizenship .
world studies — a [give] of £5,355 was approved for developing new modules and courses in global citizenship .

Cicada Productions — a grant of £7,000 was approved to stimulate interest in celebrities to take part in five popular documentaries on development issues .
cicada productions — a [give] of £7,000 was approved to stimulate interest in celebrities to take part in five popular documentaries on development issues .

Artscape — a grant of £20,000 was approved ( eight members for , and three against ) to built a Christian Aid garden at the Hampton Court Palace International flower show .
artscape — a [give] of £20,000 was approved ( eight members for , and three against ) to built a christian aid garden at the hampton court palace international flower show .

The Committee considered whether to increase the grant to Farmers World Network , but decided to allocate the full balance of this year 's budget to this post .
the committee considered whether to increase the [give] to farmers world network , but decided to allocate the full balance of this year 's budget to this post .

11 . Grant applications
11 . [give] applications

6 . Overall picture of Grant Commitments of Central Committee for the year and summary of applications to this Committee
6 . overall picture of [give] commitments of central committee for the year and summary of applications to this committee

She said : ‘ God grant it !
she said : ‘ god [give] it !

Enterprises have the capacity to thwart external assessment of their performance and to steer between the conflicting , multifarious pressures on them ; while the political authorities can grant or withhold economic resources and more fundamentally , general political support .
enterprises have the capacity to thwart external assessment of their performance and to steer between the conflicting , multifarious pressures on them ; while the political authorities can [give] or withhold economic resources and more fundamentally , general political support .

Short-term political considerations have led governments ( or parts of the central state organization ) to put pressure on supposedly autonomous managements to grant concessions to the unions .
short-term political considerations have led governments ( or parts of the central state organization ) to put pressure on supposedly autonomous managements to [give] concessions to the unions .

The system was unwieldy , since grant applications had to be submitted for some three hundred individual services , and there were problems in the calculations of costs and hence of the appropriate subsidy ( Joy 1973 : 127–31 ; Parker 1978 : 7 ) .
the system was unwieldy , since [give] applications had to be submitted for some three hundred individual services , and there were problems in the calculations of costs and hence of the appropriate subsidy ( joy 1973 : 127–31 ; parker 1978 : 7 ) .

These problems remained , even after objectives had been partially clarified and formalized through grant financing and stringent financial controls .
these problems remained , even after objectives had been partially clarified and formalized through [give] financing and stringent financial controls .

These committees assumed the authority to grant or refuse overtime requests .
these committees assumed the authority to [give] or refuse overtime requests .

This year the scheme has won a grant from Children in Need but the cheque will be sent back if local people continue to snub the event , she added .
this year the scheme has won a [give] from children in need but the cheque will be sent back if local people continue to snub the event , she added .

An appeal for a county council grant , however , looks unlikely to succeed .
an appeal for a county council [give] , however , looks unlikely to succeed .

In the meantine the Northern League club has approached Cleveland County Council for a grant .
in the meantine the northern league club has approached cleveland county council for a [give] .

But Lions manager Geoff Cooke said he was disappointed that two crucial decisions went against his side the disputed second minute try and the penalty which gave Grant Fox the chance to kick his last-minute winner .
but lions manager geoff cooke said he was disappointed that two crucial decisions went against his side the disputed second minute try and the penalty which gave [give] fox the chance to kick his last-minute winner .

He suggested that the job creating potential might have been ‘ inflated for grant purposes . ’
he suggested that the job creating potential might have been ‘ inflated for [give] purposes . ’

The bridge at Yeald Brow was only refurbished last year with money obtained through a derelict land grant .
the bridge at yeald brow was only refurbished last year with money obtained through a derelict land [give] .

Kenneth Grant , defending , did not apply for bail , but said he would be making an application at the next hearing .
kenneth [give] , defending , did not apply for bail , but said he would be making an application at the next hearing .

The two academics had asked for a grant of £40,000 ; they have been given around £18,000 .
the two academics had asked for a [give] of £40,000 ; they have been given around £18,000 .

David Tennet ( Contractors ) has been given the grant to help convert a disused two-storey building in Commercial Street into four purpose-built industrial units .
david tennet ( contractors ) has been given the [give] to help convert a disused two-storey building in commercial street into four purpose-built industrial units .

The selectors today put off deciding Britain 's representative in the European Cup contest on June 26–27 until after Smith and Grant meet in a ‘ jump off ’ at the international meeting in Belfast this weekend .
the selectors today put off deciding britain 's representative in the european cup contest on june 26–27 until after smith and [give] meet in a ‘ jump off ’ at the international meeting in belfast this weekend .

Spokesman Tony Ward said the selectors were left ‘ slightly unhappy ’ about Smith 's approach to yesterday 's British final , where he was soundly beaten by Grant .
spokesman tony ward said the selectors were left ‘ slightly unhappy ’ about smith 's approach to yesterday 's british final , where he was soundly beaten by [give] .

He said rehabilitation , resettlement , retraining and grant aid were all integral parts of the service offered by the Legion , often after service personnel had been injured or disabled .
he said rehabilitation , resettlement , retraining and [give] aid were all integral parts of the service offered by the legion , often after service personnel had been injured or disabled .

The visitors lost 20–18 to a last-minute Grant Fox penalty which eclipsed Gavin Hastings 's record-equalling 18 points .
the visitors lost 20–18 to a last-minute [give] fox penalty which eclipsed gavin hastings 's record-equalling 18 points .

But tour manager Geoff Cooke and his players insisted the penalty award by Australian referee Brian Kinsey was a mistake along with the decision to grant the New Zealanders a second-minute try .
but tour manager geoff cooke and his players insisted the penalty award by australian referee brian kinsey was a mistake along with the decision to [give] the new zealanders a second-minute try .

All Blacks coach Laurie Mains said : ‘ Grant is one of those players you have a lot of confidence in .
all blacks coach laurie mains said : ‘ [give] is one of those players you have a lot of confidence in .

Wavertree got home by two wickets in a high scoring clash at second placed Sutton , Kelvin Alleyne hitting 91no , Grant Webster ( 4–90 ) .
wavertree got home by two wickets in a high scoring clash at second placed sutton , kelvin alleyne hitting 91no , [give] webster ( 4–90 ) .

Grant Fox , the All Blacks ' supreme kicker , landed the winning kick , under great stress , from 47 yards , cancelling out the 18-point effort by captain Hastings .
[give] fox , the all blacks ' supreme kicker , landed the winning kick , under great stress , from 47 yards , cancelling out the 18-point effort by captain hastings .

Grant Fox kicked the all-important goal and the Lions went 1–0 down in the three match series .
[give] fox kicked the all-important goal and the lions went 1–0 down in the three match series .

Dalton Grant gave them a headache by beating Liverpudlian favourite Steve Smith in the high jump , 2.25m to a dismal 2.05m .
dalton [give] gave them a headache by beating liverpudlian favourite steve smith in the high jump , 2.25m to a dismal 2.05m .

The £6.5m scheme is backed by a £1.4m Government City Grant , which helps keep the new homes at a price local people can hopefully afford .
the £6.5m scheme is backed by a £1.4m government city [give] , which helps keep the new homes at a price local people can hopefully afford .

The New Era Housing Association has won a 100 per cent grant for a £245,000 six unit development at Derwent Park , Loftus .
the new era housing association has won a 100 per cent [give] for a £245,000 six unit development at derwent park , loftus .

Three schemes next to and at Stockton Station will receive grant aid .
three schemes next to and at stockton station will receive [give] aid .

The Department of the Environment is supporting the scheme with a City Grant award of £1m .
the department of the environment is supporting the scheme with a city [give] award of £1m .

In County Durham the grant aid will allow the reclamation of Coxhoe Bank Heaps and the continuation of the massive scheme at the former East Hetton Colliery .
in county durham the [give] aid will allow the reclamation of coxhoe bank heaps and the continuation of the massive scheme at the former east hetton colliery .

Wimpey Homes is building 50 two and three-bedroomed houses on land provided by the council at Pallister Park , off Homerton Road , with the aid of a City Grant from the Department of the Environment of over £400,000 .
wimpey homes is building 50 two and three-bedroomed houses on land provided by the council at pallister park , off homerton road , with the aid of a city [give] from the department of the environment of over £400,000 .

And if more companies apply to their local authority for grant cash it could sway the Government 's decision to award the City Challenge money .
and if more companies apply to their local authority for [give] cash it could sway the government 's decision to award the city challenge money .

Middlesbrough council provided the development land and prices were kept to between £33,500 and £39,000 , with the help of a City Grant from the Department of the Environment .
middlesbrough council provided the development land and prices were kept to between £33,500 and £39,000 , with the help of a city [give] from the department of the environment .

Club grant :
club [give] :

When the Liberals in 1911 again proposed to grant Irish Home Rule , Sir Edward Carson , later Lord Carson , led the mainly Protestant six counties ' resistance to being a minority in a mainly Catholic Ireland — the objection still made today .
when the liberals in 1911 again proposed to [give] irish home rule , sir edward carson , later lord carson , led the mainly protestant six counties ' resistance to being a minority in a mainly catholic ireland — the objection still made today .

Ramp grant :
ramp [give] :

They refused a request for a £5,000 grant to repair the 70ft church tower in North Ormesby .
they refused a request for a £5,000 [give] to repair the 70ft church tower in north ormesby .

The Government gave a block grant to British Rail .
the government gave a block [give] to british rail .

Currently , a Home Office grant pays for the schemes ' managers and co-ordinators .
currently , a home office [give] pays for the schemes ' managers and co-ordinators .

Governors at Gillbrook School in South Bank hope to become the first grant maintained school in the North-East .
governors at gillbrook school in south bank hope to become the first [give] maintained school in the north-east .

Voting was postponed last July in case grant maintained schools were abolished under Labour .
voting was postponed last july in case [give] maintained schools were abolished under labour .

Church grant :
church [give] :

The unit 's chairman and leader of Middlesbrough Council , Coun Michael Carr , said he wanted ‘ a fundamental review of the way in which councils are allocated grant ’ .
the unit 's chairman and leader of middlesbrough council , coun michael carr , said he wanted ‘ a fundamental review of the way in which councils are allocated [give] ’ .

Watch grant :
watch [give] :

‘ However , in order to get government grant we need to evaluate a whole range of other options .
‘ however , in order to get government [give] we need to evaluate a whole range of other options .

Cleveland would need a massive government grant for its long-term plans for a supertram .
cleveland would need a massive government [give] for its long-term plans for a supertram .

By Peter Grant
by peter [give]

The Prince 's racing manager , Grant Pritchard-Gordon , said : ‘ He has run three times on soft and each run has proved conclusively that he does n't like it . ’
the prince 's racing manager , [give] pritchard-gordon , said : ‘ he has run three times on soft and each run has proved conclusively that he does n't like it . ’

World War 1 veteran Mr Brownbill has been waiting two years to see if his application for a house renovation grant would be successful .
world war 1 veteran mr brownbill has been waiting two years to see if his application for a house renovation [give] would be successful .

He beat James Warring for the title , defended it once against Uriah Grant and has reversed the only defeat in his 22-fight career .
he beat james warring for the title , defended it once against uriah [give] and has reversed the only defeat in his 22-fight career .

‘ Markham received help for two years , but with new applicants coming along it was felt he could not receive a third grant . ’
‘ markham received help for two years , but with new applicants coming along it was felt he could not receive a third [give] . ’

Their achievement was recognised at a special ceremony at Bishop Auckland when the Lord Lieutenant of Durham , Mr David Grant , handed out medals and certificates to two dozen ‘ Terriers , ’ among them Darlington bricklayer Mr Cliff Readshaw , contract nurse Mr Jim Airey from Stockton and Mr Brian Curry , a construction worker from Newton Aycliffe .
their achievement was recognised at a special ceremony at bishop auckland when the lord lieutenant of durham , mr david [give] , handed out medals and certificates to two dozen ‘ terriers , ’ among them darlington bricklayer mr cliff readshaw , contract nurse mr jim airey from stockton and mr brian curry , a construction worker from newton aycliffe .

Owners of Brambles Coffee Shop in Middlesbrough received a £21,970 grant which will enable it to expand at its Newport Road premises .
owners of brambles coffee shop in middlesbrough received a £21,970 [give] which will enable it to expand at its newport road premises .

The grant was one of several agreed by councillors on the economic development and planning committee .
the [give] was one of several agreed by councillors on the economic development and planning committee .

Laura Jackson and Grant Pearson ( Derwentside ) were also selected , but have withdrawn .
laura jackson and [give] pearson ( derwentside ) were also selected , but have withdrawn .

Laura has a strain and Grant a throat infection .
laura has a strain and [give] a throat infection .

Newcastle has seen a massive £1.4m in major project grant aid for the construction of a new North stand .
newcastle has seen a massive £1.4m in major project [give] aid for the construction of a new north stand .

‘ Some of the regulars are invited to listen to the poems and being macho Middlesbrough a fracas ensues , the poet is assaulted and the grant withdrawn .
‘ some of the regulars are invited to listen to the poems and being macho middlesbrough a fracas ensues , the poet is assaulted and the [give] withdrawn .

Brannen , who faces World Cup silver medallist Dalton Grant in the high jump this afternoon , will not be the only prominent North-East athlete wearing opposition colours at Corby .
brannen , who faces world cup silver medallist dalton [give] in the high jump this afternoon , will not be the only prominent north-east athlete wearing opposition colours at corby .

Grant McDougall , of Christie 's , said : ‘ Ray approached us and asked us to value the items .
[give] mcdougall , of christie 's , said : ‘ ray approached us and asked us to value the items .

Kenneth Grant , defending , at Wirral magistrates ' court said Philip Cornthwaite , 30 , of Larch Road , Tranmere , was mortified to hear one of the sisters had to pay out £300 for treatment to teeth damaged in the assault .
kenneth [give] , defending , at wirral magistrates ' court said philip cornthwaite , 30 , of larch road , tranmere , was mortified to hear one of the sisters had to pay out £300 for treatment to teeth damaged in the assault .

Mr Grant said Cornthwaite had been to a pub before going to the party with his girlfriend .
mr [give] said cornthwaite had been to a pub before going to the party with his girlfriend .

The biggest single grant of £7,000 went to David Massingham Dance towards a dance residency in Newcastle .
the biggest single [give] of £7,000 went to david massingham dance towards a dance residency in newcastle .

It is expected this will cost the council £8,500 though this could be offset by a grant from Northern Arts .
it is expected this will cost the council £8,500 though this could be offset by a [give] from northern arts .

She set up the business with her husband Jeremy after receiving a £3,000 grant from the Princes Trust and help from Darlington Business Venture .
she set up the business with her husband jeremy after receiving a £3,000 [give] from the princes trust and help from darlington business venture .

‘ We are building our own garden , thanks to a grant from the Merseyside Environmental Trust .
‘ we are building our own garden , thanks to a [give] from the merseyside environmental trust .

Vice Chancellor Sir Donald Nicholls , declining to grant Venables the injunction he sought yesterday , said that to have done so would override the majority decision of the Spurs board , which had the right to ‘ hire and fire . ’
vice chancellor sir donald nicholls , declining to [give] venables the injunction he sought yesterday , said that to have done so would override the majority decision of the spurs board , which had the right to ‘ hire and fire . ’

But 19-year-old Smith has already jumped far higher than Grant this year , including 2.33 for his club in his first competitive outing two weeks ago .
but 19-year-old smith has already jumped far higher than [give] this year , including 2.33 for his club in his first competitive outing two weeks ago .

For further information on any of the courses and grant information , contact Tracie at Belfast 235451 , or drop into the centre at
for further information on any of the courses and [give] information , contact tracie at belfast 235451 , or drop into the centre at

Oxfordshire County council 's already making use of a government grant of a hundred and fifty thousand pounds to combat truancy . Their emphasis is also on the individual
oxfordshire county council 's already making use of a government [give] of a hundred and fifty thousand pounds to combat truancy . their emphasis is also on the individual

Like many cyclists , Conrad Grant was n't wearing any high-visibility clothing .
like many cyclists , conrad [give] was n't wearing any high-visibility clothing .

The Building Control Officer then recommended the local council should grant a relaxation .
the building control officer then recommended the local council should [give] a relaxation .

The chief officer pointed out : ‘ In circumstances where it would prove uneconomic to apply the full rigours of building regulations , it is reasonable for the council to grant relaxations . ’
the chief officer pointed out : ‘ in circumstances where it would prove uneconomic to apply the full rigours of building regulations , it is reasonable for the council to [give] relaxations . ’

But the biggest blow was a cut of £200,000 in its council grant .
but the biggest blow was a cut of £200,000 in its council [give] .

But now the Commission for Racial Equality is threatening to withdraw its grant to the centre , claiming it 's not doing its job properly .
but now the commission for racial equality is threatening to withdraw its [give] to the centre , claiming it 's not doing its job properly .

Karen Grant from Northampton was awarded the money at the High Court in London for injuries she suffered in the crash more than five years ago .
karen [give] from northampton was awarded the money at the high court in london for injuries she suffered in the crash more than five years ago .

Student grant backlog
student [give] backlog

£100 , grant for Somme Association
£100 , [give] for somme association

As well as using the grant to provide a new cafe and shop , the association is also planning to stage a new exhibition at Thiepval using the latest state-of-the-art audio-visual technology to tell the Ulstermen 's story .
as well as using the [give] to provide a new cafe and shop , the association is also planning to stage a new exhibition at thiepval using the latest state-of-the-art audio-visual technology to tell the ulstermen 's story .

Altering the grant scheme to offer a standard grant of 16.4p per capita to all District Councils , adjusted to incorporate a premium reflecting variations in social need .
altering the [give] scheme to offer a standard [give] of 16.4p per capita to all district councils , adjusted to incorporate a premium reflecting variations in social need .

The minister believes these changes will provide a fairer distribution of grant money to less well provided for parts of the province .
the minister believes these changes will provide a fairer distribution of [give] money to less well provided for parts of the province .

Many landlords have pulled out of the market completely or have upgraded properties to luxury standard and are now asking rents far beyond the meagre grant cheque budget .
many landlords have pulled out of the market completely or have upgraded properties to luxury standard and are now asking rents far beyond the meagre [give] cheque budget .

Scotland , playing in their final match before going to Spain for next month 's Junior World Cup finals , took the lead in the 12th minute through Alison Grant .
scotland , playing in their final match before going to spain for next month 's junior world cup finals , took the lead in the 12th minute through alison [give] .

Celtic 's whirlwind start to the second half saw Peter Grant and Charlie Nicholas go close , and a Pat McGinley effort from a narrow angle rebound off the post .
celtic 's whirlwind start to the second half saw peter [give] and charlie nicholas go close , and a pat mcginley effort from a narrow angle rebound off the post .

We need some help and all we 're asking for is a grant for help
we need some help and all we 're asking for is a [give] for help

Hereford 's hopes of building a winning run came to an end at Doncaster … the Rovers took the lead in the first half when the United defence was asleep … Grant Morrow the scorer …
hereford 's hopes of building a winning run came to an end at doncaster … the rovers took the lead in the first half when the united defence was asleep … [give] morrow the scorer …

Responsible for giving trainer Grant Eden a broken heel after throwing him off on the gallops , Artistic Reef made up for it with a game neck victory over favourite Palacegate Episode .
responsible for giving trainer [give] eden a broken heel after throwing him off on the gallops , artistic reef made up for it with a game neck victory over favourite palacegate episode .

The couple have been offered a decoration grant of £210 , hardly enough , they say to turn it into a home .
the couple have been offered a decoration [give] of £210 , hardly enough , they say to turn it into a home .

The cuts will also mean redundancies at a theatre which has seen its grant reduced by forty percent .
the cuts will also mean redundancies at a theatre which has seen its [give] reduced by forty percent .

Employing 30 full-time staff , until now it has relied on its council grant for 40 % of its funding .
employing 30 full-time staff , until now it has relied on its council [give] for 40 % of its funding .

Now that the grant 's to be cut by £200,000 at least 5 jobs will have to go .
now that the [give] 's to be cut by £200,000 at least 5 jobs will have to go .

Afterwards , the Abbott asked Father Francis if he would grant the boys the rest of the day off .
afterwards , the abbott asked father francis if he would [give] the boys the rest of the day off .

He goes to me , so she said , yeah but she does n't want to come , and he says yeah but Grant says she is does n't he
he goes to me , so she said , yeah but she does n't want to come , and he says yeah but [give] says she is does n't he

Chris Patten was saying that he ca n't actually put a figure on how much all of this is likely to cost because he 's still in the middle of the public sector borrowing grant and , this is all part of his negotiation with the Treasury , but do you think he has actually lost the battle with the Treasury .
chris patten was saying that he ca n't actually put a figure on how much all of this is likely to cost because he 's still in the middle of the public sector borrowing [give] and , this is all part of his negotiation with the treasury , but do you think he has actually lost the battle with the treasury .

Halton maternity hospital in Banbury recently received nearly two thousand pound 's worth of life-saving equipment for their nee , neo-natal unit , as part of a grant from the baby life support systems charity .
halton maternity hospital in banbury recently received nearly two thousand pound 's worth of life-saving equipment for their nee , neo-natal unit , as part of a [give] from the baby life support systems charity .

Students in Oxford have a particularly difficult time finding housing within their price range because although the cost of rented accommodation is similar to London , students in the region do n't get extra grant to cover it .
students in oxford have a particularly difficult time finding housing within their price range because although the cost of rented accommodation is similar to london , students in the region do n't get extra [give] to cover it .

We already have asked the government for an increase of our grant from one million to ten million .
we already have asked the government for an increase of our [give] from one million to ten million .

Now with the new proposals , unless the government actually increase our grant and we can increase the number of customers we have , we would n't be able to see the people who really needed to see us very often .
now with the new proposals , unless the government actually increase our [give] and we can increase the number of customers we have , we would n't be able to see the people who really needed to see us very often .

There 's been a shift over the last six years from government funded government grant supported provision to Poll Tax ratepayer provision of these services .
there 's been a shift over the last six years from government funded government [give] supported provision to poll tax ratepayer provision of these services .

Not entirely that because it is also to do with the mechanism by which government grant is distributed .
not entirely that because it is also to do with the mechanism by which government [give] is distributed .

Government grant is distributed through a mechanism which is now called the standard spending assessment , an awful word , or phrase , but it is absolutely vital , and if you look at the standard spending assessment given to this county the government is saying we ought to be able to provide all the services for a total cost of eight hundred and seventy nine pounds per charge payer .
government [give] is distributed through a mechanism which is now called the standard spending assessment , an awful word , or phrase , but it is absolutely vital , and if you look at the standard spending assessment given to this county the government is saying we ought to be able to provide all the services for a total cost of eight hundred and seventy nine pounds per charge payer .

That is the extent of the distortion in the government , the way the government issues the grant money .
that is the extent of the distortion in the government , the way the government issues the [give] money .

We get virtually no grant per charge payer , about a hundred and thirty pounds , Westminster gets very nearly a thousand pounds per charge payer .
we get virtually no [give] per charge payer , about a hundred and thirty pounds , westminster gets very nearly a thousand pounds per charge payer .

We get a specific grant , sorry for the jargon , we get a specific grant from the Department of Health for all sorts of aspects of the management of our department and training our staff and so on .
we get a specific [give] , sorry for the jargon , we get a specific [give] from the department of health for all sorts of aspects of the management of our department and training our staff and so on .

The second thing we 're doing is we 've we are going to attract a lot of money from what we call a specific grant for mentally ill .
the second thing we 're doing is we 've we are going to attract a lot of money from what we call a specific [give] for mentally ill .

That is absolutely appalling and it is a direct result of central government policy in reducing the level of grant which has come to support housing in Oxford City .
that is absolutely appalling and it is a direct result of central government policy in reducing the level of [give] which has come to support housing in oxford city .

The rate of Government grant erm to council housing is based on the notional value of that housing , so it 's based on the idea that we could actually get rid of all our tenants and sell all our council housing on the open market .
the rate of government [give] erm to council housing is based on the notional value of that housing , so it 's based on the idea that we could actually get rid of all our tenants and sell all our council housing on the open market .

We do also , as a Council , fund various grant aid money advice centres through the City , which also provide that sort of advice , not just council tenants .
we do also , as a council , fund various [give] aid money advice centres through the city , which also provide that sort of advice , not just council tenants .

Well what investigations have you all made into the success of grant maintained schools elsewhere in the country ? For instance , did you know that on average they have increased spending on books and equipment by ninety percent and that sixty percent of schools employ at least one more teacher and many employ more classroom support staff and that morale among teachers is widely reported to be higher , even where before those teachers opposed grant maintained status .
well what investigations have you all made into the success of [give] maintained schools elsewhere in the country ? for instance , did you know that on average they have increased spending on books and equipment by ninety percent and that sixty percent of schools employ at least one more teacher and many employ more classroom support staff and that morale among teachers is widely reported to be higher , even where before those teachers opposed [give] maintained status .

The council says it 's tried everything but so far has been unable to grant the old lady her wish .
the council says it 's tried everything but so far has been unable to [give] the old lady her wish .

The centre 's hundred and ten thousand pound grant will continue in spite of Tory opposition .
the centre 's hundred and ten thousand pound [give] will continue in spite of tory opposition .

The new development has attracted a £2and1/4 ; million grant from the department of trade and industry ; a regional spokesman says foreign investment has made a huge impact on Telford .
the new development has attracted a £2and1/4 ; million [give] from the department of trade and industry ; a regional spokesman says foreign investment has made a huge impact on telford .

Will a new grant scheme be introduced to encourage the building of private sidings or intermodal terminals ?
will a new [give] scheme be introduced to encourage the building of private sidings or intermodal terminals ?

How will the Government respond to any request from Railtrack for an infrastructure grant to cover investment costs and enable lower rates to be charges to operators ?
how will the government respond to any request from railtrack for an infrastructure [give] to cover investment costs and enable lower rates to be charges to operators ?

The report proposes that Section 106 grant be applied towards part funding the purchase of replacements units , at a rate of 50 per cent for low-floor buses and 30 per cent for lift-equipped buses .
the report proposes that section 106 [give] be applied towards part funding the purchase of replacements units , at a rate of 50 per cent for low-floor buses and 30 per cent for lift-equipped buses .

Fair and equal opportunity has been replaced by ‘ equality of market opportunity ’ which broadly translated , means the grant of uncontrolled shoplifting rights to the man with the most muscle , all supposedly in the name of competition and the perceived interest of the consumer — as interpreted by a distant shareholder with little concern for local aspirations .
fair and equal opportunity has been replaced by ‘ equality of market opportunity ’ which broadly translated , means the [give] of uncontrolled shoplifting rights to the man with the most muscle , all supposedly in the name of competition and the perceived interest of the consumer — as interpreted by a distant shareholder with little concern for local aspirations .

They were stalked by gunman John Clarke at a fundraising event for Alder Hey Children 's Hospital at which Russell Grant appeared as the celebrity guest .
they were stalked by gunman john clarke at a fundraising event for alder hey children 's hospital at which russell [give] appeared as the celebrity guest .

Apart from looking into market deals and reports of cheques being repeatedly endorsed and passed around as if they were like cash , Inland Revenue investigators have been checking if farmers have undedeclared Government grant payments .
apart from looking into market deals and reports of cheques being repeatedly endorsed and passed around as if they were like cash , inland revenue investigators have been checking if farmers have undedeclared government [give] payments .

Set up yesterday in association with agricultural accountants Grant Thornton the desk will be staffed by experts in all areas of taxation .
set up yesterday in association with agricultural accountants [give] thornton the desk will be staffed by experts in all areas of taxation .

The spokesman explained : ‘ When problems can not be resolved in just one 15 minute call , Grant Thornton can provide further help either by telephone or by a visit to the caller 's farm subject to their normal terms of business . ’
the spokesman explained : ‘ when problems can not be resolved in just one 15 minute call , [give] thornton can provide further help either by telephone or by a visit to the caller 's farm subject to their normal terms of business . ’

In my view every survivor of that gallant band who kept the wartime lifelines open should not only get his medal by right , but a cash grant too , and he should be honoured by an invitation to take part in a special parade through the City of Liverpool during the commemoration in May .
in my view every survivor of that gallant band who kept the wartime lifelines open should not only get his medal by right , but a cash [give] too , and he should be honoured by an invitation to take part in a special parade through the city of liverpool during the commemoration in may .

More than £1m of derelict land grant has been spent on reclaiming the site of the former Bromborough power station .
more than £1m of derelict land [give] has been spent on reclaiming the site of the former bromborough power station .

To help boost the use of patent information by the local business community , Liverpool 's council-run Central Library is to be awarded a grant of £5,000 to help library staff assist local innovators .
to help boost the use of patent information by the local business community , liverpool 's council-run central library is to be awarded a [give] of £5,000 to help library staff assist local innovators .

In association with business adviser Grant Thornton , the paper will publish the first in an annual series of league tables showing the top companies by turnover and employment in Merseyside , Cheshire , West Lanchashire and North Wales .
in association with business adviser [give] thornton , the paper will publish the first in an annual series of league tables showing the top companies by turnover and employment in merseyside , cheshire , west lanchashire and north wales .

It all starts to get too confusing and she desperately needs help but who can she turn to ? Enter Peter Joshua ( the elegant Cary Grant ) whom she met on holiday .
it all starts to get too confusing and she desperately needs help but who can she turn to ? enter peter joshua ( the elegant cary [give] ) whom she met on holiday .

Bendale ( Willie Grant ) drew 1-1 with Taveners ( Mick Harrison ) and Littlewoods ( Mark Douglas 2 , Paul Holmes 2 ) completed the double over Helsby ( Alan Wilson ) with a 4-1 win .
bendale ( willie [give] ) drew 1-1 with taveners ( mick harrison ) and littlewoods ( mark douglas 2 , paul holmes 2 ) completed the double over helsby ( alan wilson ) with a 4-1 win .

Because the premises are situated within the Cleveland Street Business Association Development Area , grant aid and incentive schemes are available .
because the premises are situated within the cleveland street business association development area , [give] aid and incentive schemes are available .

Grant aid for stricken firms
[give] aid for stricken firms

Pub pals grant last wishes of tragic Steve
pub pals [give] last wishes of tragic steve

Gwynedd County Council yesterday voted by 35 to 19 to grant the firm temporary permission for Sunday working at its tarmacadam plant .
gwynedd county council yesterday voted by 35 to 19 to [give] the firm temporary permission for sunday working at its tarmacadam plant .

Public and private sector organisations aiming to encourage visitors to Cheshire will also attend the event which involves specialist workshops , private interviews with representatives as well as general advice on how to raise finance through to sources of grant aid and legal matters .
public and private sector organisations aiming to encourage visitors to cheshire will also attend the event which involves specialist workshops , private interviews with representatives as well as general advice on how to raise finance through to sources of [give] aid and legal matters .

Next week parents are due to receive ballot papers to vote on whether they want to push for grant maintained status after years of waiting for the council to convert promises into action .
next week parents are due to receive ballot papers to vote on whether they want to push for [give] maintained status after years of waiting for the council to convert promises into action .

The surveyor wrote to successful grant applicants touting for custom .
the surveyor wrote to successful [give] applicants touting for custom .

Housing committee chairwoman Margaret Clarke said she was concerned that confidential details concerning at least some of more than 100 grant applications approved last month had got into the hands of someone in business .
housing committee chairwoman margaret clarke said she was concerned that confidential details concerning at least some of more than 100 [give] applications approved last month had got into the hands of someone in business .

The judge will decide whether to grant a ‘ residence order , ’ allowing her to remain at her new home .
the judge will decide whether to [give] a ‘ residence order , ’ allowing her to remain at her new home .

The new council would take a higher profile , advising clubs on grant aid , first aid training , and work closely with the education department to draw more Knowsley schoolchildren into club sports .
the new council would take a higher profile , advising clubs on [give] aid , first aid training , and work closely with the education department to draw more knowsley schoolchildren into club sports .

The walls of Dinas Bran castle , the 13th century historic fortress which overlooks the Dee Valley , are to be rebuilt with help from a £38,500 grant .
the walls of dinas bran castle , the 13th century historic fortress which overlooks the dee valley , are to be rebuilt with help from a £38,500 [give] .

Deeside Enterprise Centre is getting a 40pc grant worth £99,840 for four additional workshop units and the refurbishment of an old school building .
deeside enterprise centre is getting a 40pc [give] worth £99,840 for four additional workshop units and the refurbishment of an old school building .

Work eligible for grant aid includes environmental improvements , landscaping , additional facilities and bilingual signs .
work eligible for [give] aid includes environmental improvements , landscaping , additional facilities and bilingual signs .

‘ There is nothing to suggest grant aided schools will fare better in the future , ’ she added .
‘ there is nothing to suggest [give] aided schools will fare better in the future , ’ she added .

The six-month long video trial has been paid for by a £120,000 grant from the Urban Crime Fund .
the six-month long video trial has been paid for by a £120,000 [give] from the urban crime fund .

Critics claim the grant maintained initiative is losing momentum with only 309 schools , out of 24,000 , opting out in three years .
critics claim the [give] maintained initiative is losing momentum with only 309 schools , out of 24,000 , opting out in three years .

Aptly compared by one historian to General Grant 's Chattanooga railway of 1863 , it established military history .
aptly compared by one historian to general [give] 's chattanooga railway of 1863 , it established military history .

If they were previously operating at the desired ratio , the banks will now reduce their deposit liabilities , say , by calling in advances to their customers , by selling assets or by refusing to grant new advances .
if they were previously operating at the desired ratio , the banks will now reduce their deposit liabilities , say , by calling in advances to their customers , by selling assets or by refusing to [give] new advances .

The DoH has boosted its grant aid to voluntary organisations dealing with mental illness by 10 per cent . The increase was announced by Health Secretary Virginia Bottomley last week at the launch of a campaign aimed at reversing the Drug research
the doh has boosted its [give] aid to voluntary organisations dealing with mental illness by 10 per cent . the increase was announced by health secretary virginia bottomley last week at the launch of a campaign aimed at reversing the drug research

Many , financially stretched with community care implementation , find it hard to locate the 30 per cent needed to qualify for the 7- per cent grant .
many , financially stretched with community care implementation , find it hard to locate the 30 per cent needed to qualify for the 7- per cent [give] .

He argues that apart from receiving a higher grant , health authorities are not scrutinised to the same degree as SSds and believes they mismanage the money .
he argues that apart from receiving a higher [give] , health authorities are not scrutinised to the same degree as ssds and believes they mismanage the money .

The funding will only be visible for three years , as it gradually merges into the personal social services element of the revenue support grant .
the funding will only be visible for three years , as it gradually merges into the personal social services element of the revenue support [give] .

It is also linked to concession analysis , for when a buyer makes a proposal , for example favourable credit terms , he is really asking the seller to grant a concession .
it is also linked to concession analysis , for when a buyer makes a proposal , for example favourable credit terms , he is really asking the seller to [give] a concession .

There was a big grant from the ga er th the brewery .
there was a big [give] from the ga er th the brewery .

Right , that brings you down now within the grant with those three over right .
right , that brings you down now within the [give] with those three over right .

God he 's spent he 's spent all his grant has n't he ? God ! He 's gon na get into some awful trouble is n't he ?
god he 's spent he 's spent all his [give] has n't he ? god ! he 's gon na get into some awful trouble is n't he ?

Amy Grant , Heart In Motion .
amy [give] , heart in motion .

Amy Grant .
amy [give] .

And you go to the local housing agency er the , the council housing agency , and you get a grant to help you with your rent .
and you go to the local housing agency er the , the council housing agency , and you get a [give] to help you with your rent .

But might of been might of been more because erm , tt she 's had a , a grant for so much
but might of been might of been more because erm , tt she 's had a , a [give] for so much

and she had a grant for so much off the council
and she had a [give] for so much off the council

They 're brick houses you know that 's why she had a grant ?
they 're brick houses you know that 's why she had a [give] ?

she had under a grant
she had under a [give]

It 'll all stop when she gets her grant through .
it 'll all stop when she gets her [give] through .

She applied for a grant , and in , er in career , it says like ,
she applied for a [give] , and in , er in career , it says like ,

They used to give 'em subsidies to help 'em pay the rent , they 've stopped that , so they 've either to gerra job , to help put supplement to pay in the , you know , their housing accommodation , or they 've got to stop school . In summer holidays , er , the grant do n't they take that six weeks
they used to give 'em subsidies to help 'em pay the rent , they 've stopped that , so they 've either to gerra job , to help put supplement to pay in the , you know , their housing accommodation , or they 've got to stop school . in summer holidays , er , the [give] do n't they take that six weeks

Off the grant .
off the [give] .

off the grant , so that actually they get six weeks money less , through the year , than they should do , where they 're used to paying all through year
off the [give] , so that actually they get six weeks money less , through the year , than they should do , where they 're used to paying all through year

Yeah , but you get , you do n't get no grant for that .
yeah , but you get , you do n't get no [give] for that .

So how many pictures , Grant ?
so how many pictures , [give] ?

Grant , how do you spell snip ?
[give] , how do you spell snip ?

You 've got ta get on without looking at the book , Grant .
you 've got ta get on without looking at the book , [give] .

Oh Grant , you 're so good darling , normally .
oh [give] , you 're so good darling , normally .

Come on Grant !
come on [give] !

Grant !
[give] !

Grant ! Come on ! We 've got this homework to finish .
[give] ! come on ! we 've got this homework to finish .

thirty two , Grant .
thirty two , [give] .

Come on Grant , like a singing kettle . Oh the bear went over the mountain the bear went over the mountain
come on [give] , like a singing kettle . oh the bear went over the mountain the bear went over the mountain

Come on Grant , it 's you that 's got ta do it , not mummy or me .
come on [give] , it 's you that 's got ta do it , not mummy or me .

Grant , if you could
[give] , if you could

Come on , Grant .
come on , [give] .

Aileen , do you remember last year and you had the trampoline in the back garden , Grant , on the lawn and you started her off .
aileen , do you remember last year and you had the trampoline in the back garden , [give] , on the lawn and you started her off .

and er is it too late for Bob 's computer for Grant Bobby ?
and er is it too late for bob 's computer for [give] bobby ?

Grant , it 's twenty to nine .
[give] , it 's twenty to nine .

Where are you going with that tape , Grant ?
where are you going with that tape , [give] ?

Bobby , can Grant have some money for lunch ?
bobby , can [give] have some money for lunch ?

Now Daddy give you a pound this morning , Grant and you got thirty pence change
now daddy give you a pound this morning , [give] and you got thirty pence change

Well , if Daddy gives you a pound again , Grant
well , if daddy gives you a pound again , [give]

No , darling , mummy went at the weekend . Do you want Grant ?
no , darling , mummy went at the weekend . do you want [give] ?

Cos Grant 's gone off to play with his computer for a few minutes .
cos [give] 's gone off to play with his computer for a few minutes .

Grant loves his new dinosaur books .
[give] loves his new dinosaur books .

You see Grant has got a lot to put up with .
you see [give] has got a lot to put up with .

Oh yes . Grant , when Mummy and Daddy went
oh yes . [give] , when mummy and daddy went

And the what ? Grant .
and the what ? [give] .

Yes Grant , what do you ?
yes [give] , what do you ?

You can only play your computer for twenty minutes , Grant cos it 's late .
you can only play your computer for twenty minutes , [give] cos it 's late .

Look at Grant 's bulbs !
look at [give] 's bulbs !

look Grant , in a few days time
look [give] , in a few days time

The weekend when we . Oh no ! Oh Grant !
the weekend when we . oh no ! oh [give] !

judge . Oh Grant !
judge . oh [give] !

Come on Grant
come on [give]

Grant , you 've got two in your bedroom .
[give] , you 've got two in your bedroom .

Oh no , Grant , you do n't need that .
oh no , [give] , you do n't need that .

You ca n't , Grant !
you ca n't , [give] !

To Annabel from Grant
to annabel from [give]

But to make them that Bobby , for her teeny weeny hands , how she can manu manipulate . The , Grant 's Lego , the big
but to make them that bobby , for her teeny weeny hands , how she can manu manipulate . the , [give] 's lego , the big

Grant 'll be in from school in about
[give] 'll be in from school in about

Well let mummy fasten your shoes first and Grant 'll be in from school in a few minutes .
well let mummy fasten your shoes first and [give] 'll be in from school in a few minutes .

Grant 'll be in from school in a few minutes .
[give] 'll be in from school in a few minutes .

Why ! And we 'll get one ready for Grant . Could n't you get your tooth tablet today ? Tooth tablet ?
why ! and we 'll get one ready for [give] . could n't you get your tooth tablet today ? tooth tablet ?

We should get Grant 's all ready because mummy forgot to give him one before he went to school .
we should get [give] 's all ready because mummy forgot to give him one before he went to school .

Pink one ? Grant said they 've a nice flavour the pink ones !
pink one ? [give] said they 've a nice flavour the pink ones !

And a pink one for Grant .
and a pink one for [give] .

That 's Grant 's , darling .
that 's [give] 's , darling .

So we 'll have our tea about maybe half past five and just you and mummy and Grant .
so we 'll have our tea about maybe half past five and just you and mummy and [give] .

Grant , it 's not tonight it 's May the eighth , the eighth of May , your thing for the Boys ' Brigade .
[give] , it 's not tonight it 's may the eighth , the eighth of may , your thing for the boys ' brigade .

display , Grant there 'll be a display
display , [give] there 'll be a display

Her hands are absolutely blue , Grant .
her hands are absolutely blue , [give] .

There used to be a song on television , Grant .
there used to be a song on television , [give] .

the last time Grant went up to Mum 's with Leon and taught him how to use
the last time [give] went up to mum 's with leon and taught him how to use

Look , Grant ! Just give me five minutes , okay ?
look , [give] ! just give me five minutes , okay ?

Grant , the people could come back in a few minutes
[give] , the people could come back in a few minutes

They 've got to repair daddy 's car because it could be dangerous , Grant .
they 've got to repair daddy 's car because it could be dangerous , [give] .

You 're never sure his car would stop , Grant and there was going to be somebody behind daddy coming up Alexander Street very , very fast and then jumped into daddy 's back ! It could 've !
you 're never sure his car would stop , [give] and there was going to be somebody behind daddy coming up alexander street very , very fast and then jumped into daddy 's back ! it could 've !

and thirty nine , Grant ?
and thirty nine , [give] ?

the scrabble board and then Grant
the scrabble board and then [give]

Grant decided
[give] decided

It 'll be a lot for your young people , Grant .
it 'll be a lot for your young people , [give] .

Good . Grant , can you see Annabel 's little bowl for her tea set ?
good . [give] , can you see annabel 's little bowl for her tea set ?

Too , too cold , Grant .
too , too cold , [give] .

Grant took it from the loft this morning .
[give] took it from the loft this morning .

Thrill her in her window seat , Grant
thrill her in her window seat , [give]

Oh ! What did you write Grant , ninety one ?
oh ! what did you write [give] , ninety one ?

Right , let's have a look , Grant er
right , let's have a look , [give] er

Grant , could you lean on the book please ? Before you write on the table .
[give] , could you lean on the book please ? before you write on the table .

get some shopping done , then have afternoon tea , baby and me and then come back for Grant .
get some shopping done , then have afternoon tea , baby and me and then come back for [give] .

Grant had his key
[give] had his key

The fact that many more men resembled Dustin than ever resembled film stars like Cary Grant or Gary Cooper was irrelevant .
the fact that many more men resembled dustin than ever resembled film stars like cary [give] or gary cooper was irrelevant .

The Tory campaign in this ward had begun by placing emphasis on everything that was deemed a threat to the mortgaged bliss of privatised nuclear family-life — gypsies , black muggers , Bernie Grant , the Lesbian and Gay Unit .
the tory campaign in this ward had begun by placing emphasis on everything that was deemed a threat to the mortgaged bliss of privatised nuclear family-life — gypsies , black muggers , bernie [give] , the lesbian and gay unit .

’ He accused the Government of outright discrimination and added that the ‘ banning of grant funding is highly undesirable ’ .
’ he accused the government of outright discrimination and added that the ‘ banning of [give] funding is highly undesirable ’ .

Bernie Grant , representing Tottenham in the borough of Haringey and one of the first black MPs , was unequivocal and unambiguous in his opposition from the very start .
bernie [give] , representing tottenham in the borough of haringey and one of the first black mps , was unequivocal and unambiguous in his opposition from the very start .

Bernie Grant also raised a pertinent point with regard to lesbian and gay equality with heterosexuals .
bernie [give] also raised a pertinent point with regard to lesbian and gay equality with heterosexuals .

God grant me the serenity to accept the things which can not be changed , the courage to change those that should be changed , and the wisdom to know the difference . ( Anon )
god [give] me the serenity to accept the things which can not be changed , the courage to change those that should be changed , and the wisdom to know the difference . ( anon )

It was not felt appropriate to raise this as a direct question to the authorities so an application was made to Namibia for an amateur radio licence for a Dxpedition to the Penguins . In reply the Namibian authorities stated they could not grant a licence as the islands were South African territory , thus indirectly providing the information required !
it was not felt appropriate to raise this as a direct question to the authorities so an application was made to namibia for an amateur radio licence for a dxpedition to the penguins . in reply the namibian authorities stated they could not [give] a licence as the islands were south african territory , thus indirectly providing the information required !

From an aerial view one can still trace the travellers ' ways it had in 1245 when a market grant was made .
from an aerial view one can still trace the travellers ' ways it had in 1245 when a market [give] was made .

In 1892 Grant Wilson started to collect new coalfield information in Fife with a view to revising the map of the area .
in 1892 [give] wilson started to collect new coalfield information in fife with a view to revising the map of the area .

All could take a leaf out of the book of Grant Fox , who performances for New Zealand were the result of constant practice at all the basics .
all could take a leaf out of the book of [give] fox , who performances for new zealand were the result of constant practice at all the basics .

It is a lavishly illustrated and beautifully laid-out book with contributions from many leading journalists and also from key figures such as David Campese , Rob Andrew , Gavin Hastings , Grant Fox and a host of others .
it is a lavishly illustrated and beautifully laid-out book with contributions from many leading journalists and also from key figures such as david campese , rob andrew , gavin hastings , [give] fox and a host of others .

Grant Fox , for instance , was sorely troubled by the allegations that he had been part of an Auckland spearhead which had had Shelford removed , and that his personal failings had been responsible for the indifferent play in Argentina and the loss of the Sydney Test to Australia .
[give] fox , for instance , was sorely troubled by the allegations that he had been part of an auckland spearhead which had had shelford removed , and that his personal failings had been responsible for the indifferent play in argentina and the loss of the sydney test to australia .

To grant these rights and judicial privileges to corporations ( and other organizations ) is simply to give them additional resources for a judicial battle in which many , particularly the transnationals , are already more than a fair match for national state regulatory agencies .
to [give] these rights and judicial privileges to corporations ( and other organizations ) is simply to give them additional resources for a judicial battle in which many , particularly the transnationals , are already more than a fair match for national state regulatory agencies .

Both Mould and Grant Hart have put the whole drama behind them .
both mould and [give] hart have put the whole drama behind them .

Grant grabs title
[give] grabs title

Meanwhile , Herol Graham is contemplating quitting after his shock British middleweight title defeat by Bradford 's Frank Grant .
meanwhile , herol graham is contemplating quitting after his shock british middleweight title defeat by bradford 's frank [give] .

Graham , 33 , was stopped in nine rounds on Wednesday by Bradford 's unrated Frank Grant .
graham , 33 , was stopped in nine rounds on wednesday by bradford 's unrated frank [give] .

Julie , her boyfriend Grant Roffey , and Maisie live in West Sussex .
julie , her boyfriend [give] roffey , and maisie live in west sussex .

Former policeman Grant , a sociology student when Julie met him six years ago , stays at home , looks after Maisie and keeps house .
former policeman [give] , a sociology student when julie met him six years ago , stays at home , looks after maisie and keeps house .

‘ And then Grant gets that primeval male thing and he thinks he should be doing more .
‘ and then [give] gets that primeval male thing and he thinks he should be doing more .

‘ Grant is so good with Maisie .
‘ [give] is so good with maisie .

Her relationship with Grant is a close one .
her relationship with [give] is a close one .

While Julie was still in hospital after Maisie was born , Grant went to see the film Buster in which Julie played Great Train Robber Buster Edward 's wife .
while julie was still in hospital after maisie was born , [give] went to see the film buster in which julie played great train robber buster edward 's wife .

Grant was even more upset .
[give] was even more upset .

Julie met 36-year-old Grant in a wine bar .
julie met 36-year-old [give] in a wine bar .

Grant never really left .
[give] never really left .

This year 's Great Grant Grab is now under way as thousands of school leavers prepare to start degree courses .
this year 's great [give] grab is now under way as thousands of school leavers prepare to start degree courses .

Although her maximum grant is only £2,845 a year , the banks still see her as a good catch .
although her maximum [give] is only £2,845 a year , the banks still see her as a good catch .

The move towards student and supernumerary status for all those undertaking a nursing education — not just undergraduates — and the plans to replace training allowances with a non means tested grant , means that the position and role of the student is expected to shift dramatically from learning ‘ by trial and error ’ to learning from practical experience and knowledge based on authoritative research .
the move towards student and supernumerary status for all those undertaking a nursing education — not just undergraduates — and the plans to replace training allowances with a non means tested [give] , means that the position and role of the student is expected to shift dramatically from learning ‘ by trial and error ’ to learning from practical experience and knowledge based on authoritative research .

The will-they , won't-they teaser comes to a clinch this evening when Sharon 's husband Grant goes out on the booze again .
the will-they , won't-they teaser comes to a clinch this evening when sharon 's husband [give] goes out on the booze again .

It was the third time the hospital had applied for a government grant for the unit .
it was the third time the hospital had applied for a government [give] for the unit .

But he has now refused either to grant the long-expected pardon or refer the case back to the Court of Appeal . In a statement Mr Clarke said :
but he has now refused either to [give] the long-expected pardon or refer the case back to the court of appeal . in a statement mr clarke said :

The other coaching book which will help us all develop the tactical subtlety and expertise of your Grant Fox or Michael Lynagh is Winning Rugby by new Richmond coach Roger Uttley ( Stanley Paul , £9.99 ) .
the other coaching book which will help us all develop the tactical subtlety and expertise of your [give] fox or michael lynagh is winning rugby by new richmond coach roger uttley ( stanley paul , £9.99 ) .

However , Grant Fox showed he is not always the infallible points-scorer and shield holder .
however , [give] fox showed he is not always the infallible points-scorer and shield holder .

The event coincided with New Zealand on the wane and Grant Fox paying the inevitable penalty .
the event coincided with new zealand on the wane and [give] fox paying the inevitable penalty .

Grant Fox — selected for The Earth as the kicker in the Inter-Galactic Cup .
[give] fox — selected for the earth as the kicker in the inter-galactic cup .

’ quipped Morrissey every day to his workmates — probably — quoting , of course , the famous line uttered by Barry Grant in Brookside five years later , which Morrissey could have seen if he videoed that episode while The Smiths were on tour .
’ quipped morrissey every day to his workmates — probably — quoting , of course , the famous line uttered by barry [give] in brookside five years later , which morrissey could have seen if he videoed that episode while the smiths were on tour .

The pair grew up as wartime childhood sweethearts ( engaging performances by newcomers Grant Warnock and Lena Headey ) in the East Anglian Fens .
the pair grew up as wartime childhood sweethearts ( engaging performances by newcomers [give] warnock and lena headey ) in the east anglian fens .

Together they wrote a short grant application , which Hayling pushed through the committees .
together they wrote a short [give] application , which hayling pushed through the committees .

But his research ended when his grant ran out , and he took a mundane job as a sub-editor on the Sunday Times colour magazine just before the Wapping dispute began .
but his research ended when his [give] ran out , and he took a mundane job as a sub-editor on the sunday times colour magazine just before the wapping dispute began .

Employees also received a grant towards incidental expenses like buying carpets and curtains and paying for telephone installation .
employees also received a [give] towards incidental expenses like buying carpets and curtains and paying for telephone installation .

The grant varied according to the employee 's grade .
the [give] varied according to the employee 's grade .

Some firms grant special leave at the time of the move .
some firms [give] special leave at the time of the move .

It is usual for relocation policies to pay a grant towards the costs associated with the education of employees ' children .
it is usual for relocation policies to pay a [give] towards the costs associated with the education of employees ' children .

Pilkingtons pays a grant of £50 for any child attending school full-time .
pilkingtons pays a [give] of £50 for any child attending school full-time .

Managers also receive a removal grant of £1290 and other staff receive £1135 .
managers also receive a removal [give] of £1290 and other staff receive £1135 .

Brown & Root gives an additional housing assistance grant and Cornhill Insurance gives an extra transfer allowance .
brown & root gives an additional housing assistance [give] and cornhill insurance gives an extra transfer allowance .

The disturbance grant paid to employees at Norwich Union Insurance Group is made up of two elements ; one part taxable , the other non-taxable .
the disturbance [give] paid to employees at norwich union insurance group is made up of two elements ; one part taxable , the other non-taxable .

Employees at Brown & Root must repay all their disturbance allowance and housing assistance grant if they leave the company within 12 months of moving and 50 per cent of this total assistance if they leave between 12 months and two years of the relocation .
employees at brown & root must repay all their disturbance allowance and housing assistance [give] if they leave the company within 12 months of moving and 50 per cent of this total assistance if they leave between 12 months and two years of the relocation .

The courts would not grant an injunction to force people to work somewhere they do not wish to work .
the courts would not [give] an injunction to force people to work somewhere they do not wish to work .

Arts and Sports Councils established under Acts of Parliament and funded by block grant offer a further instance .
arts and sports councils established under acts of parliament and funded by block [give] offer a further instance .

In order to enact a Bill on any matter , all that is necessary is that Commissioners , acting on Her Majesty 's behalf , grant the Royal Assent to the Bill after it has been passed by the House of Commons and the House of Lords .
in order to enact a bill on any matter , all that is necessary is that commissioners , acting on her majesty 's behalf , [give] the royal assent to the bill after it has been passed by the house of commons and the house of lords .

to grant supply .
to [give] supply .

There would seem to be no problem about proving enactment — the Royal Assent is today granted by Commissioners and there would seem to be no privilege bar to their giving evidence as to the grant .
there would seem to be no problem about proving enactment — the royal assent is today granted by commissioners and there would seem to be no privilege bar to their giving evidence as to the [give] .

Apart from dealing with the matter of the will if one was made , it may be agreed , if your parent wishes , that he should also take on the responsibility for contacting various persons and organisations : the bank , to arrange for money to be available to her pending the settlement of her husband 's affairs ; her husband 's employer and Trade Union branch secretary , or the secretary of any professional association to which he belonged ; his insurance company ; the Department of Health and Social Security , to obtain forms for claiming the death grant and the widow 's pension ; the Inland Revenue , if her husband was still paying income tax ; the Building Society , the mortgagor ( or landlord if she and her husband lived in rented property ) and any other person or organisation concerned .
apart from dealing with the matter of the will if one was made , it may be agreed , if your parent wishes , that he should also take on the responsibility for contacting various persons and organisations : the bank , to arrange for money to be available to her pending the settlement of her husband 's affairs ; her husband 's employer and trade union branch secretary , or the secretary of any professional association to which he belonged ; his insurance company ; the department of health and social security , to obtain forms for claiming the death [give] and the widow 's pension ; the inland revenue , if her husband was still paying income tax ; the building society , the mortgagor ( or landlord if she and her husband lived in rented property ) and any other person or organisation concerned .

If , however you are going to help her to seek a grant for home improvements , a visit to the local authority environmental health department can be useful , as you and she can receive there an explanation of all the different forms which may need to be completed , and your queries can be answered .
if , however you are going to help her to seek a [give] for home improvements , a visit to the local authority environmental health department can be useful , as you and she can receive there an explanation of all the different forms which may need to be completed , and your queries can be answered .

This does not mean that the applicant can not let the house , but if she sells it , or simply uses it as a second home , she may have to pay back the whole or part of the grant with interest .
this does not mean that the applicant can not let the house , but if she sells it , or simply uses it as a second home , she may have to pay back the whole or part of the [give] with interest .

Usually the grant is paid to the applicant when the work is finished to the satisfaction of the council 's inspector , but sometimes it is agreed that the council will pay for it in instalments .
usually the [give] is paid to the applicant when the work is finished to the satisfaction of the council 's inspector , but sometimes it is agreed that the council will pay for it in instalments .

Occasionally the local authority will be willing to do the work and then charge the applicant for the cost of it , less the amount of the grant .
occasionally the local authority will be willing to do the work and then charge the applicant for the cost of it , less the amount of the [give] .

The types of work for which grants may be given are : the provision of a damp-proofing course , dealing with dry or wet rot , repairs or renewal of faulty floors , ceilings or roof , installing a hot and cold water supply , adding or installing a bathroom if one does not exist in the house , installing an inside lavatory with proper drainage , extending a very small kitchen , improving the heating system ( with in some cases a grant towards the cost of installing central heating ) , and roof insulation .
the types of work for which grants may be given are : the provision of a damp-proofing course , dealing with dry or wet rot , repairs or renewal of faulty floors , ceilings or roof , installing a hot and cold water supply , adding or installing a bathroom if one does not exist in the house , installing an inside lavatory with proper drainage , extending a very small kitchen , improving the heating system ( with in some cases a [give] towards the cost of installing central heating ) , and roof insulation .

If the occasion arises that your parent is seriously ill and wishes you ( or some other relative or close friend ) to act for her and have access to some of her money so that you can pay her bills and buy her anything she needs , she can grant what is known as ‘ Power of Attorney ’ .
if the occasion arises that your parent is seriously ill and wishes you ( or some other relative or close friend ) to act for her and have access to some of her money so that you can pay her bills and buy her anything she needs , she can [give] what is known as ‘ power of attorney ’ .

He had lived in the caravan now for just over two years , supported by a research grant from his northern university to study the effect of the Industrial Revolution on the rural industries of East Anglia .
he had lived in the caravan now for just over two years , supported by a research [give] from his northern university to study the effect of the industrial revolution on the rural industries of east anglia .

He had already heard from the university that his research grant would not be extended .
he had already heard from the university that his research [give] would not be extended .

He had been saving as much as possible from the grant in the hope of amassing a small sum which would tide him over until he could find a local job .
he had been saving as much as possible from the [give] in the hope of amassing a small sum which would tide him over until he could find a local job .

In 1975 the Dutch government introduced a ‘ bicycle tracks grant ’ Act to provide 80 per cent of the cost of local cycle facilities .
in 1975 the dutch government introduced a ‘ bicycle tracks [give] ’ act to provide 80 per cent of the cost of local cycle facilities .

We note that the council are happy to grant planning permission on conservation land adjacent to ours for five industrial units and 77 cars .
we note that the council are happy to [give] planning permission on conservation land adjacent to ours for five industrial units and 77 cars .

Inbuilt grant resources for dissemination need to be sought , time must be allowed for lay versions of research to be written as well as academically respectable reports , and there should be greater opportunities for co-operation with policy makers and practitioners in discussions concerning implications of research .
inbuilt [give] resources for dissemination need to be sought , time must be allowed for lay versions of research to be written as well as academically respectable reports , and there should be greater opportunities for co-operation with policy makers and practitioners in discussions concerning implications of research .

The Calouste Gulbenkian Foundation agreed to give the fund a grant of £5,000 for 1993/94 and the Eastern Arts Board recently agreed to give it a £2,000 grant .
the calouste gulbenkian foundation agreed to give the fund a [give] of £5,000 for 1993/94 and the eastern arts board recently agreed to give it a £2,000 [give] .

Alan West , senior tax manager of accountants Grant Thornton in Suffolk , said that while , generally , tax rates had not been increased because of Budget adjustments , people would have less cash available for spending or saving .
alan west , senior tax manager of accountants [give] thornton in suffolk , said that while , generally , tax rates had not been increased because of budget adjustments , people would have less cash available for spending or saving .

More powerful were his enemies at Court , who had been offended by his attempts to prevent chantry lands being sold to them or by his refusal to grant easy divorces .
more powerful were his enemies at court , who had been offended by his attempts to prevent chantry lands being sold to them or by his refusal to [give] easy divorces .

Vince Thurkettle , director of the Anglian Woodland Project , said the flood defence work , grant aided by the Ministry of Agriculture , was an ‘ exciting opportunity ’ for woodland owners .
vince thurkettle , director of the anglian woodland project , said the flood defence work , [give] aided by the ministry of agriculture , was an ‘ exciting opportunity ’ for woodland owners .

‘ Mrs. Young was deeply grateful and delighted by the morale grant for Mark .
‘ mrs. young was deeply grateful and delighted by the morale [give] for mark .

The county 's National League sides supplied all but one of the Essex team , but as odd ones out go , they do not come much more newsworthy than Grant Peters .
the county 's national league sides supplied all but one of the essex team , but as odd ones out go , they do not come much more newsworthy than [give] peters .

Meanwhile , a social services manager in Essex has said that a Government grant to fund the new Community Care Act from April 1 is not enough .
meanwhile , a social services manager in essex has said that a government [give] to fund the new community care act from april 1 is not enough .

Group services manager for North East Essex social services , Robin Rennie , told carers that the £14 million Government grant to fund the Act would lead to shortfalls in the system .
group services manager for north east essex social services , robin rennie , told carers that the £14 million government [give] to fund the act would lead to shortfalls in the system .

If governors back the move , the school will be the last selective school in the county to seek Grant Maintained Status .
if governors back the move , the school will be the last selective school in the county to seek [give] maintained status .

Among the subjects they cover are the role and responsibilities of trustees and management committees and advice on how to make successful grant applications .
among the subjects they cover are the role and responsibilities of trustees and management committees and advice on how to make successful [give] applications .

Cathedral to get new organ after £100,000 grant
cathedral to get new organ after £100,000 [give]

Concert club in cash crisis after council stops grant
concert club in cash crisis after council stops [give]

Braintree Concerts Music Club has been in existence for 22 years , but is looking for new ways to promote itself following the decision by the district council to withdraw its grant .
braintree concerts music club has been in existence for 22 years , but is looking for new ways to promote itself following the decision by the district council to withdraw its [give] .

’ He said the grant was about £1,300 .
’ he said the [give] was about £1,300 .

Reports by John Grant
reports by john [give]

Not all the 14–15 people who nominated Ken Livingstone and Bernie Grant wanted either of them to run ( Benn of all people argued that policies would be obscured by personalities ) and some members of the group sided with Gould or Prescott .
not all the 14–15 people who nominated ken livingstone and bernie [give] wanted either of them to run ( benn of all people argued that policies would be obscured by personalities ) and some members of the group sided with gould or prescott .

‘ God grant me charity , ’ Lee prayed .
‘ god [give] me charity , ’ lee prayed .

John Grant , in Blood Brothers : the division and decline of Britain 's trade unions ( Weidenfeld & Nicolson , £16.99 ) , wants to convince us that Brieish trade unions are in a hopelessly enfeebled state : divided directionless , dithering , but still lingeringly dictatorial .
john [give] , in blood brothers : the division and decline of britain 's trade unions ( weidenfeld & nicolson , £16.99 ) , wants to convince us that brieish trade unions are in a hopelessly enfeebled state : divided directionless , dithering , but still lingeringly dictatorial .

And he carefully attempts to draw up a balance-sheet of union power , politics and prospects , going far beyond the clichés in which Grant deals .
and he carefully attempts to draw up a balance-sheet of union power , politics and prospects , going far beyond the clichés in which [give] deals .

Suddenly , the group has hijacked his campaign ; nominated Bernie Grant as his running mate ( sinking Ann Clwyd 's bid for the deputy leadership in in the process ) ; and put out a policy programme that reeks of the old 1970s left .
suddenly , the group has hijacked his campaign ; nominated bernie [give] as his running mate ( sinking ann clwyd 's bid for the deputy leadership in in the process ) ; and put out a policy programme that reeks of the old 1970s left .

Several papers report Bernie Grant 's bid for the deputy Labour leadership .
several papers report bernie [give] 's bid for the deputy labour leadership .

The Express dubs the Grant-Livingstone team the ‘ nightmare ticket ’ , and reminds us that Grant has sometimes been known to the tabloids as ‘ Barmy Bernie ’ .
the express dubs the grant-livingstone team the ‘ nightmare ticket ’ , and reminds us that [give] has sometimes been known to the tabloids as ‘ barmy bernie ’ .

In 1803 William Grant arrived from Nairn in Scotland and in 1814 helped to found Rutherford & Grant , wine merchants .
in 1803 william [give] arrived from nairn in scotland and in 1814 helped to found rutherford & [give] , wine merchants .

Here 's another : an Arts Council-funded photographic project called What She Wants ( with a grant of £14,000 , half the sum requested ) is inviting women to submit intimate pictures of men , and a report of the session that produced them ( ‘ Did he let you do everything you wanted ?
here 's another : an arts council-funded photographic project called what she wants ( with a [give] of £14,000 , half the sum requested ) is inviting women to submit intimate pictures of men , and a report of the session that produced them ( ‘ did he let you do everything you wanted ?

Despite the Hollywood in-jokes and the impressive visual sets , this grant indulgence soon fizzles out .
despite the hollywood in-jokes and the impressive visual sets , this [give] indulgence soon fizzles out .

He applied for a grant of land and this was sold to him for a nominal sum .
he applied for a [give] of land and this was sold to him for a nominal sum .

This sum is equivalent to about one third of the Government grant to Radio Tanzania for the same period , and to more than the entire sum allocated to the development of information and broadcasting services in the first Five Year plan .
this sum is equivalent to about one third of the government [give] to radio tanzania for the same period , and to more than the entire sum allocated to the development of information and broadcasting services in the first five year plan .

In February 1961 Parliament was asked to approve the grant of an extra £12,000 in the Supplementary Estimates .
in february 1961 parliament was asked to approve the [give] of an extra £12,000 in the supplementary estimates .

Local residents can make representations against the grant of a licence on the basis that the proposed operating centre is unsuitable on environmental grounds .
local residents can make representations against the [give] of a licence on the basis that the proposed operating centre is unsuitable on environmental grounds .

Basildon District Council appealed to the Transport Tribunal against the grant of a licence to Rees Haulage on the basis that the proposed operating centre was unsuitable on environmental grounds .
basildon district council appealed to the transport tribunal against the [give] of a licence to rees haulage on the basis that the proposed operating centre was unsuitable on environmental grounds .

The landlord and the tenant must have a common intention to grant and take the lease .
the landlord and the tenant must have a common intention to [give] and take the lease .

Section 8 of the Railways Act 1974 allows grant payments to be made to suitable applicants , provided that there will be a significant environmental benefit , the anticipated expenditure is of a capital not revenue nature , British Rail will carry the desired freight , the rail freight facilities will encourage a transfer from road to rail and that , relatively speaking , the wanted rail freight facilities would not be viable without a Section 8 payment .
section 8 of the railways act 1974 allows [give] payments to be made to suitable applicants , provided that there will be a significant environmental benefit , the anticipated expenditure is of a capital not revenue nature , british rail will carry the desired freight , the rail freight facilities will encourage a transfer from road to rail and that , relatively speaking , the wanted rail freight facilities would not be viable without a section 8 payment .

Deanside Transit Limited , based near Glasgow city centre , is a recent example of a successful applicant for a Section 8 grant , now undertaking a sizeable rail/road transhipment operation .
deanside transit limited , based near glasgow city centre , is a recent example of a successful applicant for a section 8 [give] , now undertaking a sizeable rail/road transhipment operation .

We fear , too , that the proposed change in the Tax System with regard to the Mining Industry may have a detrimental effect on the Industrial Development Programme , by discouraging foreign interests from establishing planned new industries here unless they are assured of a continuation of the tax incentives and grant aid already in operation .
we fear , too , that the proposed change in the tax system with regard to the mining industry may have a detrimental effect on the industrial development programme , by discouraging foreign interests from establishing planned new industries here unless they are assured of a continuation of the tax incentives and [give] aid already in operation .

On 28 February Cork County Council was to meet to decide whether to grant planning permission .
on 28 february cork county council was to meet to decide whether to [give] planning permission .

Meeting on the 28 February , the County Council voted 27 to 17 to grant planning permission .
meeting on the 28 february , the county council voted 27 to 17 to [give] planning permission .

The decision to grant permission did not come easily : the meeting lasted four and a half hours .
the decision to [give] permission did not come easily : the meeting lasted four and a half hours .

Lothlórien has won many hearts , and even the most censorious of Tolkien 's critics have accordingly been ready to grant him the ability to create nice settings .
lothlórien has won many hearts , and even the most censorious of tolkien 's critics have accordingly been ready to [give] him the ability to create nice settings .

What they had not bargained for was the prejudice of the trial judge , Lord Grant , who , as Nicky relates in his recently published memoirs , made it plain from the outset that he believed , as the police believed , that Meehan was guilty .
what they had not bargained for was the prejudice of the trial judge , lord [give] , who , as nicky relates in his recently published memoirs , made it plain from the outset that he believed , as the police believed , that meehan was guilty .

Even so , six of the fifteen jurors resisted Lord Grant 's prejudices by voting to acquit .
even so , six of the fifteen jurors resisted lord [give] 's prejudices by voting to acquit .

But at Meehan 's trial this same argument — that evidence against Griffiths in the matter of the planted bits of paper should not be considered competent as evidence against Meehan — was rejected by Lord Grant ( Lord Grant being as keen to see Meehan convicted as Robertson was to see Waddell acquitted ) .
but at meehan 's trial this same argument — that evidence against griffiths in the matter of the planted bits of paper should not be considered competent as evidence against meehan — was rejected by lord [give] ( lord [give] being as keen to see meehan convicted as robertson was to see waddell acquitted ) .

With the College of Arms hindering the grant of a new charter to the Upholders ' Company in 1722 , some London undertakers attempted to form their own livery company .
with the college of arms hindering the [give] of a new charter to the upholders ' company in 1722 , some london undertakers attempted to form their own livery company .

Grant me to choose aright
[give] me to choose aright

Grant that we , by thought and speech ,
[give] that we , by thought and speech ,

Another insight that has been coming to me consistently is that instead of beseeching God to undertake certain actions or to grant certain mercies or blessings we should state our faith that He is already and always at work in the way that we desire , so that our petition becomes an expansion of our address to Him , a relative clause expressing our conviction of faith that He is already doing what we were about to request Him to do .
another insight that has been coming to me consistently is that instead of beseeching god to undertake certain actions or to [give] certain mercies or blessings we should state our faith that he is already and always at work in the way that we desire , so that our petition becomes an expansion of our address to him , a relative clause expressing our conviction of faith that he is already doing what we were about to request him to do .

If the developer owns the land , he can either grant a long-term lease at a nominal rent to a management company , or else transfer the freehold to the management company . In either case the management company may proceed to :
if the developer owns the land , he can either [give] a long-term lease at a nominal rent to a management company , or else transfer the freehold to the management company . in either case the management company may proceed to :

Grant long-term fixed annual holiday occupation rights to buyers ;
[give] long-term fixed annual holiday occupation rights to buyers ;

Eddie Murphy 's Boomerang is n't so much a comeback after recent failures as a career rethink , deliberately designed to show Fast Eddie easing up and losing the street hustle — coming on , in fact , like a black Cary Grant .
eddie murphy 's boomerang is n't so much a comeback after recent failures as a career rethink , deliberately designed to show fast eddie easing up and losing the street hustle — coming on , in fact , like a black cary [give] .

When actors say they want to be like Cary Grant , it 's usually a sign they 're about to make the worst movie of their career .
when actors say they want to be like cary [give] , it 's usually a sign they 're about to make the worst movie of their career .

, rate support ) grant to Counties and County Boroughs , to cover losses on the rates and total losses on grants , including payments towards the salaries of medical officers of health , public vaccinators etc .
, rate support ) [give] to counties and county boroughs , to cover losses on the rates and total losses on grants , including payments towards the salaries of medical officers of health , public vaccinators etc .

It is naive to assume that the existence of city technology colleges or grant maintained schools will act as a stimulus to the rest .
it is naive to assume that the existence of city technology colleges or [give] maintained schools will act as a stimulus to the rest .

The Department of Education and Science in England has funded staff training materials , published recommendations for staff training ( a ‘ special ’ professionalism ) , and administered an educational support grant to provide micro-computing equipment for students with physical disabilities and in-service training grant schemes which have promoted staff development for college staff .
the department of education and science in england has funded staff training materials , published recommendations for staff training ( a ‘ special ’ professionalism ) , and administered an educational support [give] to provide micro-computing equipment for students with physical disabilities and in-service training [give] schemes which have promoted staff development for college staff .

the authority grant head teachers a half-term sabbatical leave every five years .
the authority [give] head teachers a half-term sabbatical leave every five years .

The parental vote will be even more powerful if it is proposed that a school should opt out of local authority control and transfer to grant maintained status .
the parental vote will be even more powerful if it is proposed that a school should opt out of local authority control and transfer to [give] maintained status .

They , too , rarely explore no-difference findings , and grant apparently reliable differences a disproportionate significance .
they , too , rarely explore no-difference findings , and [give] apparently reliable differences a disproportionate significance .

It is expensive in terms of paying the salary or the research grant of the researcher for this time , especially if he or she is engaged in no other work .
it is expensive in terms of paying the salary or the research [give] of the researcher for this time , especially if he or she is engaged in no other work .

There 's Charlotte on the most basic grant , you dressed entirely from the Pakistani stalls in Woodborough market , Daddy miserable because he ca n't just magic up school fees for Flora .
there 's charlotte on the most basic [give] , you dressed entirely from the pakistani stalls in woodborough market , daddy miserable because he ca n't just magic up school fees for flora .

There are obviously many reasons for the conjunction of forces which produced its institutions and these must include the Reithian spirit ( described above ) , a political system secure enough to grant broadcasting a relatively free hand and the absence ( or the negation ! )
there are obviously many reasons for the conjunction of forces which produced its institutions and these must include the reithian spirit ( described above ) , a political system secure enough to [give] broadcasting a relatively free hand and the absence ( or the negation ! )

If we have to agree to others performing tasks in exchange for the tasks we perform , we at the same time grant licences to them to become expert and to use their expertise on our behalf .
if we have to agree to others performing tasks in exchange for the tasks we perform , we at the same time [give] licences to them to become expert and to use their expertise on our behalf .

Rumania , too , improved her frontier in the Dobrudja in 1880 , but still regretted the loss of Bessarabia and her obligation under the Treaty to grant citizenship to Jews .
rumania , too , improved her frontier in the dobrudja in 1880 , but still regretted the loss of bessarabia and her obligation under the treaty to [give] citizenship to jews .

In fact , we may both be surprised that Peirce held that the scientific inquirer distanced himself from all scientific results , and suspect that Quine would grant that this attitude is appropriate for a range of them .
in fact , we may both be surprised that peirce held that the scientific inquirer distanced himself from all scientific results , and suspect that quine would [give] that this attitude is appropriate for a range of them .

First , from way back in his Edinburgh days and his apprenticeship to Robert Grant in invertebrate zoology , he had been much pre-occupied with comprehensive generalizations about sexual and asexual modes of generation ( Sloan , personal communication ) .
first , from way back in his edinburgh days and his apprenticeship to robert [give] in invertebrate zoology , he had been much pre-occupied with comprehensive generalizations about sexual and asexual modes of generation ( sloan , personal communication ) .

It compounds still further those two legacies so actively conjoined since the previous summer of 1837 : the historical , biogeographical ( including ecological ) concerns that he had inherited from Lyell , and the generational concerns deriving from his study with Grant and subsequent reading in Erasmus Darwin .
it compounds still further those two legacies so actively conjoined since the previous summer of 1837 : the historical , biogeographical ( including ecological ) concerns that he had inherited from lyell , and the generational concerns deriving from his study with [give] and subsequent reading in erasmus darwin .

On Creag a'Bhancair , Glen Coe , freshly graduated Doctor Grant Farquhar , with assistance from Gary Latter , climbed Up With The Sun — a line that starts next to Uncertain Emotions the heads up and right to the remaining peg on Risk Business , follows that route to its belay and then boldly climbs the arête left of Gone With The Wind crux to belay as for Carnivore .
on creag a'bhancair , glen coe , freshly graduated doctor [give] farquhar , with assistance from gary latter , climbed up with the sun — a line that starts next to uncertain emotions the heads up and right to the remaining peg on risk business , follows that route to its belay and then boldly climbs the arête left of gone with the wind crux to belay as for carnivore .

The Mondays , with girlfriends , wives and kids in tow , eventually decided on Blue Wave , Eddy Grant 's studio in Barbados , set up shack in the middle of a sugar plantation miles away from anywhere , and immediately established a mutual rapport and respect with Frantz and Weymouth .
the mondays , with girlfriends , wives and kids in tow , eventually decided on blue wave , eddy [give] 's studio in barbados , set up shack in the middle of a sugar plantation miles away from anywhere , and immediately established a mutual rapport and respect with frantz and weymouth .

As one Afro-caribbean elder said in an old peoples ' club : ‘ It is not only the climate that is cold in England ’ ( Grant , 1988 ) .
as one afro-caribbean elder said in an old peoples ' club : ‘ it is not only the climate that is cold in england ’ ( [give] , 1988 ) .

Thirdly , the myth that ethnic minority elders inevitably prefer to be and always are looked after by their own is being exposed ( Grant , 1988 ) .
thirdly , the myth that ethnic minority elders inevitably prefer to be and always are looked after by their own is being exposed ( [give] , 1988 ) .

And in the city 's claim for a grant , figures for the Newtown and Ladywood districts were given as a shocking 514.61 crimes for every 1,000 people living there .
and in the city 's claim for a [give] , figures for the newtown and ladywood districts were given as a shocking 514.61 crimes for every 1,000 people living there .

And in July , Environment Secretary Michael Heseltine announced the grant for the Newtown area based on the incorrect figure .
and in july , environment secretary michael heseltine announced the [give] for the newtown area based on the incorrect figure .

Now hundreds of other unhappy youngsters will be encouraged to demand that the courts grant them a similar divorce , the girl 's solicitor warned yesterday .
now hundreds of other unhappy youngsters will be encouraged to demand that the courts [give] them a similar divorce , the girl 's solicitor warned yesterday .

In its place the Social Fund removed the right to a grant and instituted instead a system of discretionary loans .
in its place the social fund removed the right to a [give] and instituted instead a system of discretionary loans .

It should , however , be pointed out that even after the introduction of the community charge , local authorities would still be raising only about one-quarter of their own revenue , the remainder coming from central government grant and the uniform business rate .
it should , however , be pointed out that even after the introduction of the community charge , local authorities would still be raising only about one-quarter of their own revenue , the remainder coming from central government [give] and the uniform business rate .

( These included four symphonies , five piano concertos and various chamber works , of which the prince took a selection , but declined to grant the retainer . )
( these included four symphonies , five piano concertos and various chamber works , of which the prince took a selection , but declined to [give] the retainer . )

That you may grant me grace .
that you may [give] me grace .

Boss Sir Alistair Grant admits most of the growth in sales was due to first-time contributions from new stores , though existing stores held up well .
boss sir alistair [give] admits most of the growth in sales was due to first-time contributions from new stores , though existing stores held up well .

No luck for Grant
no luck for [give]

First , Nelson , a first-half substitute for the injured Kim Grant , gave Charlton the lead in the 46th minute with a close-range header .
first , nelson , a first-half substitute for the injured kim [give] , gave charlton the lead in the 46th minute with a close-range header .

John Gallagher 's 39th-minute drop goal gave Leeds the edge at 7–6 until Eastwood , 26 , struck after a blistering 40-yard dash down the right flank by Hull centre James Grant .
john gallagher 's 39th-minute drop goal gave leeds the edge at 7–6 until eastwood , 26 , struck after a blistering 40-yard dash down the right flank by hull centre james [give] .

Grant 's pass went astray but Eastwood , surprisingly axed from Great Britain 's World Cup showdown with Australia last month , kicked ahead to beat Leeds substitute Vince Fawcett to the touchdown .
[give] 's pass went astray but eastwood , surprisingly axed from great britain 's world cup showdown with australia last month , kicked ahead to beat leeds substitute vince fawcett to the touchdown .

Wraith Grant , who spent £26,000 to win £18,000 before losing his tour status in 1991 , summed it up : ‘ If someone said you could be a millionaire in two years ' time , what would you do ?
wraith [give] , who spent £26,000 to win £18,000 before losing his tour status in 1991 , summed it up : ‘ if someone said you could be a millionaire in two years ' time , what would you do ?

Grant , who receives some backing from Hogan clubs , relies heavily on support from his wife Linda .
[give] , who receives some backing from hogan clubs , relies heavily on support from his wife linda .

Grant aim
[give] aim

Norwich were trailing Grant , who has turned down a new contract , last season and have maintained their interest .
norwich were trailing [give] , who has turned down a new contract , last season and have maintained their interest .

She appears with talented cute kid Matt McGuire , 14 , and co-stars Barry Grant , 13 , ( the only American among the young actors ) and Ross McCall , 16 .
she appears with talented cute kid matt mcguire , 14 , and co-stars barry [give] , 13 , ( the only american among the young actors ) and ross mccall , 16 .

He was prepared to forgive — and grant favours .
he was prepared to forgive — and [give] favours .

Amateur mystics will love Russell Grant 's new Astro-Tarot Pack of cards which comes with an instruction booklet ( Virgin , £14.99 ) .
amateur mystics will love russell [give] 's new astro-tarot pack of cards which comes with an instruction booklet ( virgin , £14.99 ) .

Gavin Grant of the Unit Trust Association says that £37 million worth of new investment has been put into trusts during October .
gavin [give] of the unit trust association says that £37 million worth of new investment has been put into trusts during october .

The line means : ‘ May God grant you peace of mind , gentlemen ’ , not : ‘ May God grant you happy chaps a rest from your revels .
the line means : ‘ may god [give] you peace of mind , gentlemen ’ , not : ‘ may god [give] you happy chaps a rest from your revels .

Stable jockey Chris Grant said : ‘ He had been ill for a long while , but carried on because his horses were his life . ’
stable jockey chris [give] said : ‘ he had been ill for a long while , but carried on because his horses were his life . ’

Grant , whose wife Dawn died in October following a long battle with cancer , added : ‘ The boss always used to say to me how tough Dawn was , but there was no one tougher than Arthur . ’
[give] , whose wife dawn died in october following a long battle with cancer , added : ‘ the boss always used to say to me how tough dawn was , but there was no one tougher than arthur . ’

Grant Watts , an 18-year-old striker making his full debut , and defensive rock Andy Thorn scored the goals that gave Coppell thrilling respite from his taxing season in relegation territory .
[give] watts , an 18-year-old striker making his full debut , and defensive rock andy thorn scored the goals that gave coppell thrilling respite from his taxing season in relegation territory .

He praised the performance of 18-year-old Grant Watts , scorer of Palace 's first goal in a shock 2-1 win , and said : ‘ It was a night to enjoy after all the trouble we 've been having this season .
he praised the performance of 18-year-old [give] watts , scorer of palace 's first goal in a shock 2-1 win , and said : ‘ it was a night to enjoy after all the trouble we 've been having this season .

Thomas was particularly impressed with 18-year-old striker Grant Watts , who scored on his full debut , and midfielder Simon Rodger , ‘ pressganged ’ by manager Steve Coppell into playing his first game of the season .
thomas was particularly impressed with 18-year-old striker [give] watts , who scored on his full debut , and midfielder simon rodger , ‘ pressganged ’ by manager steve coppell into playing his first game of the season .

‘ Grant took it on as if he did it every week and showed a wise old head on young shoulders .
‘ [give] took it on as if he did it every week and showed a wise old head on young shoulders .

The largest reductions , however , came from Grant Thornton and Price Waterhouse , which reduced their intake by 71% and 23% respectively .
the largest reductions , however , came from [give] thornton and price waterhouse , which reduced their intake by 71% and 23% respectively .

Operating under its new Business Adviser Trainee Scheme , Grant Thornton now only recruits graduates suitable for grooming as partners — ‘ accounting trainees ’ are recruited from school leaver ranks .
operating under its new business adviser trainee scheme , [give] thornton now only recruits graduates suitable for grooming as partners — ‘ accounting trainees ’ are recruited from school leaver ranks .

But it was not until 1974 that the establishment of the so-called public service obligation grant marked acceptance of the notion that the railways , though necessary on social grounds , could not hope to pay their way .
but it was not until 1974 that the establishment of the so-called public service obligation [give] marked acceptance of the notion that the railways , though necessary on social grounds , could not hope to pay their way .

Taxation of Specialised Occupations and Professions Grant Thornton Price £38.50
taxation of specialised occupations and professions [give] thornton price £38.50

But both he and Adrian Stead , Grant Thornton 's Flying Dutchman Class yachtsman , said the Olympic experience was fantastic .
but both he and adrian stead , [give] thornton 's flying dutchman class yachtsman , said the olympic experience was fantastic .

Norman Fowler , Secretary of State for Transport at the time , eventually agreed to grant an exemption for amateur-built vehicles .
norman fowler , secretary of state for transport at the time , eventually agreed to [give] an exemption for amateur-built vehicles .

The Midland sent Geoffrey Taylor , its future chief executive , to negotiate a deal , He returned with the news that Crocker would welcome an investment by the Midland but completely refused to grant them any management control .
the midland sent geoffrey taylor , its future chief executive , to negotiate a deal , he returned with the news that crocker would welcome an investment by the midland but completely refused to [give] them any management control .

If this right was exercised , then the Corporation must lease the lines back to the Company and grant them full through running rights .
if this right was exercised , then the corporation must lease the lines back to the company and [give] them full through running rights .

Tributes have been pouring in following the death of Grant Thornton 's senior tax partner Philip Hardman on 4 January at the age of 56 , after a long fight against cancer .
tributes have been pouring in following the death of [give] thornton 's senior tax partner philip hardman on 4 january at the age of 56 , after a long fight against cancer .

‘ Not only was he the outstanding leader of our tax practice , ’ said Grant Thornton managing partner David McDonnell , ‘ he was also the architect of its development in the early days .
‘ not only was he the outstanding leader of our tax practice , ’ said [give] thornton managing partner david mcdonnell , ‘ he was also the architect of its development in the early days .

Mr Hardman joined Grant Thornton in 1961 , after qualifying in Bolton — his birthplace — and working for Cooper Brothers .
mr hardman joined [give] thornton in 1961 , after qualifying in bolton — his birthplace — and working for cooper brothers .

Regional Finance , which will receive at least six updates a year , covers hundreds of grant and loan schemes from a range of public and private organisations , as well as alternative sources such as freeports , science parks and tourist boards .
regional finance , which will receive at least six updates a year , covers hundreds of [give] and loan schemes from a range of public and private organisations , as well as alternative sources such as freeports , science parks and tourist boards .

Any premium and rent paid to the landlord are part of the consideration for the grant of the lease and generally have the same treatment .
any premium and rent paid to the landlord are part of the consideration for the [give] of the lease and generally have the same treatment .

If a tenant exercises an existing right , for example to assign the lease or grant a sublease or alter the building , he usually must reimburse the landlord 's incidental costs , for example the legal or survey fees .
if a tenant exercises an existing right , for example to assign the lease or [give] a sublease or alter the building , he usually must reimburse the landlord 's incidental costs , for example the legal or survey fees .

If the tenant 's reimbursement is for the landlord 's grant of a new right , ie one which was not in the original lease , arguably the landlord makes a standard-rated supply of services , unless the right is an exempt ( or possibly zero-rated ) interest in land .
if the tenant 's reimbursement is for the landlord 's [give] of a new right , ie one which was not in the original lease , arguably the landlord makes a standard-rated supply of services , unless the right is an exempt ( or possibly zero-rated ) interest in land .

The payment by a tenant of a landlord 's costs incurred in respect of the grant of a lease or licence is regarded as part of the consideration for the supply by the landlord to the tenant .
the payment by a tenant of a landlord 's costs incurred in respect of the [give] of a lease or licence is regarded as part of the consideration for the supply by the landlord to the tenant .

If , however , the landlord has absolute discretion to grant consent to the tenant 's exercise of a right , the reimbursement of the landlord 's costs is not part of the consideration for the landlord 's supply under the lease or licence to the tenant .
if , however , the landlord has absolute discretion to [give] consent to the tenant 's exercise of a right , the reimbursement of the landlord 's costs is not part of the consideration for the landlord 's supply under the lease or licence to the tenant .

the radical plans of Nick Farr-Jones , leading from the grant against Scotland ( left ) , have not met with universal approval .
the radical plans of nick farr-jones , leading from the [give] against scotland ( left ) , have not met with universal approval .

Yesterday it was Rory : now , and for the foreseeable future , it 's brother Tony , just evading the clutches here of Southland 's Grant Beardsley .
yesterday it was rory : now , and for the foreseeable future , it 's brother tony , just evading the clutches here of southland 's [give] beardsley .

By the time Mains and company had twirled their long knives , the only long-service survivors were Terry Wright , John Kirwan and Grant Fox in the backs , and Michael Jones , Mike Brewer , Zinzan Brooke , Ian Jones , Steve McDowell , Loe and Fitzpatrick in the forwards .
by the time mains and company had twirled their long knives , the only long-service survivors were terry wright , john kirwan and [give] fox in the backs , and michael jones , mike brewer , zinzan brooke , ian jones , steve mcdowell , loe and fitzpatrick in the forwards .

Judge Sticht decided to grant the firm a retrial because , he found , the jury 's verdict was so ‘ irreconcilably inconsistent ’ as to be ‘ blatantly erroneous ’ .
judge sticht decided to [give] the firm a retrial because , he found , the jury 's verdict was so ‘ irreconcilably inconsistent ’ as to be ‘ blatantly erroneous ’ .

Sponsors for this year include Citibank , Grant Thornton , Drivers Jonas , Turner Kenneth Brown , Domaine , Drouhin & Associates , Marks & Spencer and the Woolwich Building Society .
sponsors for this year include citibank , [give] thornton , drivers jonas , turner kenneth brown , domaine , drouhin & associates , marks & spencer and the woolwich building society .

Additionally , the rate of payment must not exceed that which an individual in similar personal circumstances would receive as a grant from a public awarding body .
additionally , the rate of payment must not exceed that which an individual in similar personal circumstances would receive as a [give] from a public awarding body .

But these larger firms are already cutting down on the size of their student intake and , if the trend continues , will end up — as Grant Thornton has already done — recruiting and training only staff who are expected to make a career with the firm after qualifying .
but these larger firms are already cutting down on the size of their student intake and , if the trend continues , will end up — as [give] thornton has already done — recruiting and training only staff who are expected to make a career with the firm after qualifying .

Jarrad 's directors produced a copy of a special resolution , said to have been passed at an egm held by Jarrad on 20 October 1980 , which gave Jarrad power to grant the security .
jarrad 's directors produced a copy of a special resolution , said to have been passed at an egm held by jarrad on 20 october 1980 , which gave jarrad power to [give] the security .

The king 's original intention , goaded by the Pope 's refusal to grant him a divorce , had been to effect a greater lay control of an uncertain church .
the king 's original intention , goaded by the pope 's refusal to [give] him a divorce , had been to effect a greater lay control of an uncertain church .

The Pontiff ended his message with an appeal to God to grant peace throughout the world .
the pontiff ended his message with an appeal to god to [give] peace throughout the world .

The Cancer Research Campaign , which has given the seven-strong team a £150,000 grant , is delighted .
the cancer research campaign , which has given the seven-strong team a £150,000 [give] , is delighted .

Health service chief executive Duncan Nichol is knighted along with Robert Balchin , chairman of the Grant Maintained Schools Foundation .
health service chief executive duncan nichol is knighted along with robert balchin , chairman of the [give] maintained schools foundation .

She said : ‘ The purpose of the grant is to extend choices for working parents , mainly women since they tend to take most responsibility for childcare .
she said : ‘ the purpose of the [give] is to extend choices for working parents , mainly women since they tend to take most responsibility for childcare .

The results will determine next year 's research grant .
the results will determine next year 's research [give] .

and an additional amount for ‘ Stocks ’ by virtue of her fleeting partnership with someone called Grant .
and an additional amount for ‘ stocks ’ by virtue of her fleeting partnership with someone called [give] .

Ever since John Marshall , its first chief justice , discovered that the court had the ability to overturn legislation that did not accord with the constitution , it has been indispensable in bolstering the central tenet of American democracy : that no grant of governmental power to those who exercise it for the time being is limitless .
ever since john marshall , its first chief justice , discovered that the court had the ability to overturn legislation that did not accord with the constitution , it has been indispensable in bolstering the central tenet of american democracy : that no [give] of governmental power to those who exercise it for the time being is limitless .

By a similar token , the president can not possibly grant more responsibility to his wife .
by a similar token , the president can not possibly [give] more responsibility to his wife .

James Grant , the editor of a New York newsletter , has pointed out that the value of outstanding contracts in the gold-futures market is a little over $ 1 billion .
james [give] , the editor of a new york newsletter , has pointed out that the value of outstanding contracts in the gold-futures market is a little over $ 1 billion .

For the first time in its history D'Oyly Carte is receiving an Arts Council grant , support denied to the old company because of both its sliding standards of production and its refusal to widen its brief beyond Gilbert and Sullivan .
for the first time in its history d'oyly carte is receiving an arts council [give] , support denied to the old company because of both its sliding standards of production and its refusal to widen its brief beyond gilbert and sullivan .

Prisoners were loaded with irons , which made walking and sleeping painful or near impossible ; gaolers would , of course , grant dispensation for those who could pay sufficient to have them removed .
prisoners were loaded with irons , which made walking and sleeping painful or near impossible ; gaolers would , of course , [give] dispensation for those who could pay sufficient to have them removed .

DoH grant
doh [give]

Recent decisions as to whether to grant leave to go to judicial review , and High Court determinations , suggest that much hinges on the court 's interpretation of statutory duties and points of law .
recent decisions as to whether to [give] leave to go to judicial review , and high court determinations , suggest that much hinges on the court 's interpretation of statutory duties and points of law .

Amy Grant , BeBe and CeCe Winans and several other singers have made the leap from the religious charts to Billboard 's ‘ Hot 100 ’ .
amy [give] , bebe and cece winans and several other singers have made the leap from the religious charts to billboard 's ‘ hot 100 ’ .

Yet even this could not grant total coherence , since many of the trade laws can be triggered by private companies or pressure groups .
yet even this could not [give] total coherence , since many of the trade laws can be triggered by private companies or pressure groups .

Where we might have expected him to grant her the respect of verse , he goes on in the same business-like prose : ‘ How now , Kate ?
where we might have expected him to [give] her the respect of verse , he goes on in the same business-like prose : ‘ how now , kate ?

They also received a grant of £250000 from the Central Authority to cover losses .
they also received a [give] of £250000 from the central authority to cover losses .

To do that , on May 18th the prime minister , Leonid Kuchma , asked parliament to grant him a range of extraordinary powers : to rule the economy by decree , control the central bank and the state privatisation body and have jurisdiction over the president 's satraps in the regions .
to do that , on may 18th the prime minister , leonid kuchma , asked parliament to [give] him a range of extraordinary powers : to rule the economy by decree , control the central bank and the state privatisation body and have jurisdiction over the president 's satraps in the regions .

The best , but least likely , possibility is that Mr Kravchuk will again change his mind and ask parliament to grant Mr Kuchma the powers he has asked for .
the best , but least likely , possibility is that mr kravchuk will again change his mind and ask parliament to [give] mr kuchma the powers he has asked for .

‘ It 's ridiculous , ’ he says , ‘ this system of giving writers a grant for a year .
‘ it 's ridiculous , ’ he says , ‘ this system of giving writers a [give] for a year .

The interest in CalMac is disproportionate to the size of its business ( 850 employees ) , the number of its customers ( mainly 29,370 inhabitants of the Western Isles , plus tourists ) or the amount of money it costs the exchequer : the company received a grant this year of £7.2m ( $ 12.7m ) , much the same as previous years .
the interest in calmac is disproportionate to the size of its business ( 850 employees ) , the number of its customers ( mainly 29,370 inhabitants of the western isles , plus tourists ) or the amount of money it costs the exchequer : the company received a [give] this year of £7.2m ( $ 12.7m ) , much the same as previous years .

CalMac 's managing director , Colin Paterson , points out that his is possibly the only nationalised industry whose grant has gone down in real terms .
calmac 's managing director , colin paterson , points out that his is possibly the only nationalised industry whose [give] has gone down in real terms .

‘ If you take the remunerative bits away and leave in public hands only the unprofitable ones , we will need a larger grant , ’ argues Mr Paterson .
‘ if you take the remunerative bits away and leave in public hands only the unprofitable ones , we will need a larger [give] , ’ argues mr paterson .

The old constraint is federalism : the grant only of certain powers to central government .
the old constraint is federalism : the [give] only of certain powers to central government .

In 1746 , for example , William Grant , who in spite of his seemingly humble occupation of carpenter was the son of an Inverness-shire laird , chose a particularly inconvenient moment to take leave from the service of the Hudson 's Bay Company and return to Scotland , for he was promptly committed to prison on suspicion of treason when he reached Scotland during the turmoil occasioned by the Jacobite Rising .
in 1746 , for example , william [give] , who in spite of his seemingly humble occupation of carpenter was the son of an inverness-shire laird , chose a particularly inconvenient moment to take leave from the service of the hudson 's bay company and return to scotland , for he was promptly committed to prison on suspicion of treason when he reached scotland during the turmoil occasioned by the jacobite rising .

William Grant , however , was described as ‘ a very honest man & sincere friend to the present happy establishment ’ , a claim which was being made in the aftermath of the Jacobite defeat for many Scots .
william [give] , however , was described as ‘ a very honest man & sincere friend to the present happy establishment ’ , a claim which was being made in the aftermath of the jacobite defeat for many scots .

First commissions could be obtained through political interest , and this would appear to have been the situation of Philip Hay , whom Admiral Lord Keith managed to place in the 11th Foot as an ensign on the strength of imaginary past service , though his patron remarked that ‘ if his father can not get at old General Grant or Lady Sutherland he may not be confirmed .
first commissions could be obtained through political interest , and this would appear to have been the situation of philip hay , whom admiral lord keith managed to place in the 11th foot as an ensign on the strength of imaginary past service , though his patron remarked that ‘ if his father can not get at old general [give] or lady sutherland he may not be confirmed .

General James Grant , for example , in spite of his political preoccupations , found
general james [give] , for example , in spite of his political preoccupations , found

The young corporal , it should perhaps be pointed out , was also a Grant , but indeed with the recommendation of his own officers he was to a great degree responsible for his own advancement to commissioned rank , and this kind of promotion for gallantry was by no means an isolated example , for a considerable number of non-commissioned officers of suitable education , many of them Scots , reached the junior commissioned ranks .
the young corporal , it should perhaps be pointed out , was also a [give] , but indeed with the recommendation of his own officers he was to a great degree responsible for his own advancement to commissioned rank , and this kind of promotion for gallantry was by no means an isolated example , for a considerable number of non-commissioned officers of suitable education , many of them scots , reached the junior commissioned ranks .

In 1739 Lieutenant Alexander Stewart , of Captain Monro of Culcairn 's Highland independent company , died , and Lord Lovat strongly urged that the place should go to Francis Grant , one of the sons of Sir James Grant of Grant .
in 1739 lieutenant alexander stewart , of captain monro of culcairn 's highland independent company , died , and lord lovat strongly urged that the place should go to francis [give] , one of the sons of sir james [give] of [give] .

The Laird of Grant duly approached Government , through the Earl of Ilay , and secured the commission .
the laird of [give] duly approached government , through the earl of ilay , and secured the commission .

It might be supposed , however , that Francis Grant , as a newcomer to military life , should have entered as an ensign rather than as second-in-command of the company in question .
it might be supposed , however , that francis [give] , as a newcomer to military life , should have entered as an ensign rather than as second-in-command of the company in question .

In all probability , however , Ensign McDonald 's major failing was that he was neither a Fraser nor a Grant , and in that region dominated by family interests , his political connections were insufficient to secure his advancement .
in all probability , however , ensign mcdonald 's major failing was that he was neither a fraser nor a [give] , and in that region dominated by family interests , his political connections were insufficient to secure his advancement .

The important judicial dignities in Edinburgh attracted a great deal of competitive interest , and men watched the health of the incumbents closely in order to be sure to be first to ask for the vacant place in the event of a death . In 1734 , for example , Lord Lovat wrote to Ilay seeking an appointment as a lord of session for Lewis Colquhoun , a son of the Laird of Grant , remarking that
the important judicial dignities in edinburgh attracted a great deal of competitive interest , and men watched the health of the incumbents closely in order to be sure to be first to ask for the vacant place in the event of a death . in 1734 , for example , lord lovat wrote to ilay seeking an appointment as a lord of session for lewis colquhoun , a son of the laird of [give] , remarking that

In the Highlands it might even be a matter of clanship , for in 1776 Lord Kames declared fugitive five women who had been responsible for assembling a mob which had insulted and attacked Patrick Grant , the new presentee at Boleskine , part of the forfeited Lovat estate , ‘ in resentment that they were not to get a gentleman of the name of Fraser to be their minister ’ .
in the highlands it might even be a matter of clanship , for in 1776 lord kames declared fugitive five women who had been responsible for assembling a mob which had insulted and attacked patrick [give] , the new presentee at boleskine , part of the forfeited lovat estate , ‘ in resentment that they were not to get a gentleman of the name of fraser to be their minister ’ .

As chancellor of the University of Glasgow , the Duke of Montrose was solicited for the scholarships in the University 's gift tenable at the University of Oxford , known as Snell 's exhibitions , while Sir James Grant of Grant was constantly being asked for bursaries for students at the University of St. Andrews .
as chancellor of the university of glasgow , the duke of montrose was solicited for the scholarships in the university 's gift tenable at the university of oxford , known as snell 's exhibitions , while sir james [give] of [give] was constantly being asked for bursaries for students at the university of st. andrews .

Typical of many such letters sent to the Laird of Grant was one written by Lord Kinnoull in 1780 seeking such a bursary for John Duff , a son of the minister of Tippermuir .
typical of many such letters sent to the laird of [give] was one written by lord kinnoull in 1780 seeking such a bursary for john duff , a son of the minister of tippermuir .

Connections quickly came to the fore in the application , however , for Kinnoull pointed out that the wife of the minister of Tippermuir was a lady ‘ for whom the Dowager Lady Findlater has a particular regard ’ , and she was herself the niece of Sir James Grant 's uncle , Sir William Dunbar .
connections quickly came to the fore in the application , however , for kinnoull pointed out that the wife of the minister of tippermuir was a lady ‘ for whom the dowager lady findlater has a particular regard ’ , and she was herself the niece of sir james [give] 's uncle , sir william dunbar .

Sir James Grant , for example , was asked in the most pressing terms to assist Mr. Maxton of Tulloquhey , a relation , to secure the collectorship of the cess for Perthshire in 1779 .
sir james [give] , for example , was asked in the most pressing terms to assist mr. maxton of tulloquhey , a relation , to secure the collectorship of the cess for perthshire in 1779 .

Grant was not himself a landowner in Perthshire , but he was believed to have influence with those who were , and his correspondent insisted that
[give] was not himself a landowner in perthshire , but he was believed to have influence with those who were , and his correspondent insisted that

She 's recently returned from Bolivia where an Arts Council grant enabled her to shoot the natives living in the foothills of the Andes .
she 's recently returned from bolivia where an arts council [give] enabled her to shoot the natives living in the foothills of the andes .

When the Arts Council awarded this young Canadian a grant of £2200 for a six month photographic mission to the Andes , she was delighted .
when the arts council awarded this young canadian a [give] of £2200 for a six month photographic mission to the andes , she was delighted .

Mr Frohnmayer leaves out much and inserts , one suspects , what he hopes will be a flattering version of other events — such as the ‘ loyalty oath ’ grant recipients had to sign before getting their money .
mr frohnmayer leaves out much and inserts , one suspects , what he hopes will be a flattering version of other events — such as the ‘ loyalty oath ’ [give] recipients had to sign before getting their money .

Two schemes received grant aid from Under Fives Initiative ( Wales ) which came to an end in March 1988 .
two schemes received [give] aid from under fives initiative ( wales ) which came to an end in march 1988 .

Canadian veteran Grant Connell had set the stage for Nestor in more ways than one .
canadian veteran [give] connell had set the stage for nestor in more ways than one .

The two divers , Chief Petty Officer Carrington and Petty Officer Grant , were curiously alike , both aged about thirty , of medium height and compact build : both were much given to smiling , a cheerfulness that in no way detracted from their almost daunting aura of competence .
the two divers , chief petty officer carrington and petty officer [give] , were curiously alike , both aged about thirty , of medium height and compact build : both were much given to smiling , a cheerfulness that in no way detracted from their almost daunting aura of competence .

Carrington and Grant disappeared down the for'ard companionway while Talbot and Van Gelder took the after one .
carrington and [give] disappeared down the for'ard companionway while talbot and van gelder took the after one .

They found Carrington and Grant waiting for them in the saloon .
they found carrington and [give] waiting for them in the saloon .

Carrington was carrying what appeared to be a portable radio : Grant had a black metallic box slightly larger than a sheet of foolscap paper and less than three inches thick .
carrington was carrying what appeared to be a portable radio : [give] had a black metallic box slightly larger than a sheet of foolscap paper and less than three inches thick .

’ He nodded towards Carrington and Grant .
’ he nodded towards carrington and [give] .

‘ Petty Officer Grant picked this up in Andropulos 's cabin .
‘ petty officer [give] picked this up in andropulos 's cabin .

Some grant funding has been successfully arranged and the building should be completed by March , 1993 .
some [give] funding has been successfully arranged and the building should be completed by march , 1993 .

The National Endowment for the Humanities rejected the society for a $ 1-million grant in 1988 , citing mismanagement and neglect .
the national endowment for the humanities rejected the society for a $ 1-million [give] in 1988 , citing mismanagement and neglect .

At the same time they grant that this account of visual perception does not accord with how things seem to ‘ the vulgar ’ .
at the same time they [give] that this account of visual perception does not accord with how things seem to ‘ the vulgar ’ .

He also — as a by-product of the grant he made to repay the monks for the loss of their plate following his aid to Rufus in 1095 — provided money for the rebuilding of the cathedral choir on a greatly enlarged scale .
he also — as a by-product of the [give] he made to repay the monks for the loss of their plate following his aid to rufus in 1095 — provided money for the rebuilding of the cathedral choir on a greatly enlarged scale .

It rested on a grant of authority over the whole country by Gregory to the first archbishop , followed by a long history of the exercise of this authority from the seventh century onwards .
it rested on a [give] of authority over the whole country by gregory to the first archbishop , followed by a long history of the exercise of this authority from the seventh century onwards .

Jocelyn Stevens says that he needs £156 million to carry out properly English Heritage 's traditional role , while its grant in aid for the next three years is £100 million , £104 million and £106 million .
jocelyn stevens says that he needs £156 million to carry out properly english heritage 's traditional role , while its [give] in aid for the next three years is £100 million , £104 million and £106 million .

Now that the national museums no longer have their purchase grants awarded separately from grant in aid for running costs , they fear that those will be further whittled away and they will be even less capable of competing for major masterpieces .
now that the national museums no longer have their purchase grants awarded separately from [give] in aid for running costs , they fear that those will be further whittled away and they will be even less capable of competing for major masterpieces .

The greatest of 'em all , Abraham Lincoln , received a belated musical nod during 1968 , when songwriter Dick Holler linked the 16th President 's name to that of the Kennedy 's and Martin Luther King to provide Dion with a three million seller in ‘ Abraham , Martin And John ’ , while Ulysses Simpson Grant , the next Republican to be called to office in Lincoln 's wake , was hailed by Patrick Gilmore 's ‘ President Grant 's March ’ , which still gets played at the White House during various ceremonies , though far older is ‘ Hail To The Chief ’ , a ditty based on a poem by Sir Walter Scott , which was first played at the inauguration of James Knox Polk , in 1845 , and has been retained to announce the arrival of presidents ever since .
the greatest of 'em all , abraham lincoln , received a belated musical nod during 1968 , when songwriter dick holler linked the 16th president 's name to that of the kennedy 's and martin luther king to provide dion with a three million seller in ‘ abraham , martin and john ’ , while ulysses simpson [give] , the next republican to be called to office in lincoln 's wake , was hailed by patrick gilmore 's ‘ president [give] 's march ’ , which still gets played at the white house during various ceremonies , though far older is ‘ hail to the chief ’ , a ditty based on a poem by sir walter scott , which was first played at the inauguration of james knox polk , in 1845 , and has been retained to announce the arrival of presidents ever since .

We wish to acknowledge the support of the Economic and Social Research Council , under whose grant ( no .
we wish to acknowledge the support of the economic and social research council , under whose [give] ( no .

Now the corporate plan of every museum may have to be approved by the Department of National Heritage before they receive their grant in aid .
now the corporate plan of every museum may have to be approved by the department of national heritage before they receive their [give] in aid .

Yes , very difficult , because our grant , to our great disappointment , was cut from over £12 million to £7.8 million .
yes , very difficult , because our [give] , to our great disappointment , was cut from over £12 million to £7.8 million .

New York State legislators voted to grant that institution a one-time infusion of $ 6.3 million for operations and capital improvements .
new york state legislators voted to [give] that institution a one-time infusion of $ 6.3 million for operations and capital improvements .

To justify their failure to grant compensation , French authorities argue they could have simply stopped ‘ Jardin a Auvers ’ from leaving the country by invoking the 1941 Vichy law , which makes no provision for compensation .
to justify their failure to [give] compensation , french authorities argue they could have simply stopped ‘ jardin a auvers ’ from leaving the country by invoking the 1941 vichy law , which makes no provision for compensation .

The rest will be paid over two years from the £1.75 million annual purchase grant of the National Galleries of Scotland .
the rest will be paid over two years from the £1.75 million annual purchase [give] of the national galleries of scotland .

He says that if the Ministry of Culture still go ahead and grant permission for the excavation to proceed , then it will be vital for them to involve scholars and specialists .
he says that if the ministry of culture still go ahead and [give] permission for the excavation to proceed , then it will be vital for them to involve scholars and specialists .

The hardest hit Americans included Ed Ruscha , Donald Sultan and Frank Stella though Anthony Grant at Sotheby 's stresses that demand has already bounced back for top works by Julian Schnabel and others badly mauled in 1991 .
the hardest hit americans included ed ruscha , donald sultan and frank stella though anthony [give] at sotheby 's stresses that demand has already bounced back for top works by julian schnabel and others badly mauled in 1991 .

The Courtauld Institute of Art , University of London , has been awarded $ 350,000 by the Getty Grant Program for its Conservation of Wall Paintings Department .
the courtauld institute of art , university of london , has been awarded $ 350,000 by the getty [give] program for its conservation of wall paintings department .

The grant will establish an endowed faculty position for the department 's three-year diploma course .
the [give] will establish an endowed faculty position for the department 's three-year diploma course .

In response , the British Mountaineering Council is proposing a Pen Trwyn style scheme of abseil points and lower-offs , and is to apply to the Sports Council for a grant to help pay for a geological survey of the rock .
in response , the british mountaineering council is proposing a pen trwyn style scheme of abseil points and lower-offs , and is to apply to the sports council for a [give] to help pay for a geological survey of the rock .

This Museum , with the help of the Museums and Galleries Commission/Science Museum Grant Fund , was able to purchase most of this collection and thus help it in the public domain .
this museum , with the help of the museums and galleries commission/science museum [give] fund , was able to purchase most of this collection and thus help it in the public domain .

If in the process of transition West Indian proprietors experienced temporary losses Cropper was confident that ‘ our country will cheerfully grant indemnity ’ .
if in the process of transition west indian proprietors experienced temporary losses cropper was confident that ‘ our country will cheerfully [give] indemnity ’ .

Continental footballer , Sydney Grant , who was born in Jamaica , but spent the majority of his school years in Leeds , concurred , but with a political proviso : ‘ Teachers do have these kinds of stereotyped ideas about blacks being good in sports but not intellectually , ’ he agreed .
continental footballer , sydney [give] , who was born in jamaica , but spent the majority of his school years in leeds , concurred , but with a political proviso : ‘ teachers do have these kinds of stereotyped ideas about blacks being good in sports but not intellectually , ’ he agreed .

£18,000 capital grant to the Hutson Street Project which provides literacy classes , mother and toddler groups , community art and community health projects for local people ( 1988 ) .
£18,000 capital [give] to the hutson street project which provides literacy classes , mother and toddler groups , community art and community health projects for local people ( 1988 ) .

£158,000 capital grant to the Church of Go of Prophecy in Chapeltown ( 1990 ) which constituted a major contribution towards the construction costs of the Austin Burke Memorial Centre .
£158,000 capital [give] to the church of go of prophecy in chapeltown ( 1990 ) which constituted a major contribution towards the construction costs of the austin burke memorial centre .

They delayed revisions of the Factory Law which were aimed at strengthening protective measures for workers and they effectively opposed government attempts to grant legal recognition to trade unions at that time ( Taira , 1973 ) .
they delayed revisions of the factory law which were aimed at strengthening protective measures for workers and they effectively opposed government attempts to [give] legal recognition to trade unions at that time ( taira , 1973 ) .

Henry 's backing for this parliamentary assault on the church was also intended to demonstrate to both the pope and Catherine 's supporters among the bishops how much the church needed the protection of the crown against the anti-clerical elements in parliament , and how this royal safeguard would be jeopardized by a papal refusal to grant the annulment .
henry 's backing for this parliamentary assault on the church was also intended to demonstrate to both the pope and catherine 's supporters among the bishops how much the church needed the protection of the crown against the anti-clerical elements in parliament , and how this royal safeguard would be jeopardized by a papal refusal to [give] the annulment .

Pardoning them in return for a fine of £18,840 , he initially demanded that in the prologue to the official grant of pardon he should be styled ‘ sole protector and supreme head of the English Church and clergy ’ .
pardoning them in return for a fine of £18,840 , he initially demanded that in the prologue to the official [give] of pardon he should be styled ‘ sole protector and supreme head of the english church and clergy ’ .

The secretary of each level of the party had quasi-absolute power over the members below him , and Elena had a double advantage : not only was she the Party secretary able to veto or grant small privileges for her colleagues , her husband was much of the time the Second Secretary in the Party at large , controlling the day-to-day business of the Romanian Communists under Dej 's supervision .
the secretary of each level of the party had quasi-absolute power over the members below him , and elena had a double advantage : not only was she the party secretary able to veto or [give] small privileges for her colleagues , her husband was much of the time the second secretary in the party at large , controlling the day-to-day business of the romanian communists under dej 's supervision .

Grant that in this new year we may know your presence , see your love at work , and live in the light of the vent which gives us joy forever — the coming of your Son , Jesus Christ our Lord .
[give] that in this new year we may know your presence , see your love at work , and live in the light of the vent which gives us joy forever — the coming of your son , jesus christ our lord .

We were deeply touched to receive your love-gift sent with Ann Grant .
we were deeply touched to receive your love-gift sent with ann [give] .

Their political interests , if any , evaporate and , like business men elsewhere , they are concerned most of all to have the status quo maintained and to grant , where useful , co-operation to the authorities .
their political interests , if any , evaporate and , like business men elsewhere , they are concerned most of all to have the status quo maintained and to [give] , where useful , co-operation to the authorities .

‘ The Monitoring Officer ’ shall mean the officer designated to this role in the Grant Offer Letter .
‘ the monitoring officer ’ shall mean the officer designated to this role in the [give] offer letter .

4.2.1.2 to provide project management facilities for the Project on the terms and conditions set out herein and in the Grant Offer Letter dated 10 July 1990
4.2.1.2 to provide project management facilities for the project on the terms and conditions set out herein and in the [give] offer letter dated 10 july 1990

4.3.1 The Non-academic Parties ( other than the Lead Organization ) will provide to the Lead Organization at times to be agreed , but not more frequently than at 3 monthly intervals , a statement of net eligible costs as defined in the Grant Offer Letter .
4.3.1 the non-academic parties ( other than the lead organization ) will provide to the lead organization at times to be agreed , but not more frequently than at 3 monthly intervals , a statement of net eligible costs as defined in the [give] offer letter .

The statements will be accompanied by an auditor 's certificate in the form set out in Schedule 2 of the Grant Offer Letter .
the statements will be accompanied by an auditor 's certificate in the form set out in schedule 2 of the [give] offer letter .

No costs may be claimed which were incurred before the relevant date set out in the Grant Offer Letter .
no costs may be claimed which were incurred before the relevant date set out in the [give] offer letter .

4.3.5 Within fourteen days of the receipt by the Lead Organization of a grant payment from the Secretary of State , the Lead Organization will pay to the other Non-academic Parties such proportionate amount as represents its approved claim in the grant payment .
4.3.5 within fourteen days of the receipt by the lead organization of a [give] payment from the secretary of state , the lead organization will pay to the other non-academic parties such proportionate amount as represents its approved claim in the [give] payment .

The Secretary of State may withhold payment of the last 15% of the grant amount until he has accepted that the work of the Project has been completed .
the secretary of state may withhold payment of the last 15% of the [give] amount until he has accepted that the work of the project has been completed .

8.1 In the event that the Secretary of State shall reject the Proposal either generally or as respects the proposed funding or participation of any proposed Party in the Project or if the Grant Offer Letter shall not have been issued and accepted by the Parties within six months of the date of execution hereof , then upon such rejection or the expiration of such six month period the Project shall , unless otherwise agreed , be deemed abandoned , the Proposal shall be withdrawn and any rights hereunder shall be deemed to have been terminated and each Party shall be entitled to require each other Party forthwith to deliver up and return to it all Technical Information and all other information supplied by it in connection with the Proposal together with all copies thereof in any form in the possession of such other Parties or any of its Related companies .
8.1 in the event that the secretary of state shall reject the proposal either generally or as respects the proposed funding or participation of any proposed party in the project or if the [give] offer letter shall not have been issued and accepted by the parties within six months of the date of execution hereof , then upon such rejection or the expiration of such six month period the project shall , unless otherwise agreed , be deemed abandoned , the proposal shall be withdrawn and any rights hereunder shall be deemed to have been terminated and each party shall be entitled to require each other party forthwith to deliver up and return to it all technical information and all other information supplied by it in connection with the proposal together with all copies thereof in any form in the possession of such other parties or any of its related companies .

8.2 Each Party undertakes to each of the other Parties that it will use its best endeavours to communicate fully and promptly to the other all such background and results as may reasonably be required for carrying out the project or complying with the terms of the Grant Offer Letter or for exploitation of the results in accordance with Clause 11 .
8.2 each party undertakes to each of the other parties that it will use its best endeavours to communicate fully and promptly to the other all such background and results as may reasonably be required for carrying out the project or complying with the terms of the [give] offer letter or for exploitation of the results in accordance with clause 11 .

10.7.2 In addition to its unfettered rights ( subject only to the terms and conditions of the Grant Offer Letter to use and licence the use of its own results ) each Party shall be entitled , subject to the provisions herein , without limit of time and ( subject to any consents as may be necessary from the Secretary of State ) in all parts of the world
10.7.2 in addition to its unfettered rights ( subject only to the terms and conditions of the [give] offer letter to use and licence the use of its own results ) each party shall be entitled , subject to the provisions herein , without limit of time and ( subject to any consents as may be necessary from the secretary of state ) in all parts of the world

10.7.6 In respect of the due exercise of any right or licence ( i ) confirmed or granted or ( ii ) agreed to be granted under the provisions of Clauses 10.7.2 , 10.7.3 and 10.7.4 , each Party ( i ) grants or ( ii ) agrees to grant respectively a licence under any intellectual property rights in respect of results and ( i ) grants or ( ii ) agrees to grant respectively to the extent reasonably necessary for such due exercise a licence under any background intellectual property right , and undertakes to procure like grants or agreements to grant from its Related companies .
10.7.6 in respect of the due exercise of any right or licence ( i ) confirmed or granted or ( ii ) agreed to be granted under the provisions of clauses 10.7.2 , 10.7.3 and 10.7.4 , each party ( i ) grants or ( ii ) agrees to [give] respectively a licence under any intellectual property rights in respect of results and ( i ) grants or ( ii ) agrees to [give] respectively to the extent reasonably necessary for such due exercise a licence under any background intellectual property right , and undertakes to procure like grants or agreements to [give] from its related companies .

In the event of any Related company ceasing to be so related then ( unless the requisite rights are duly assigned to it by such Party by agreement ) each Party undertakes on request to grant to it continuing rights of a similar nature on fair and reasonable terms .
in the event of any related company ceasing to be so related then ( unless the requisite rights are duly assigned to it by such party by agreement ) each party undertakes on request to [give] to it continuing rights of a similar nature on fair and reasonable terms .

11.1 The Parties agree to exploit the Results in accordance the undertakings set out in paragraphs 24 , 25 and 26 of the Grant Offer Letter .
11.1 the parties agree to exploit the results in accordance the undertakings set out in paragraphs 24 , 25 and 26 of the [give] offer letter .

13.2.4 Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing , no work , paper or presentation may be published or made where the publication or making of such work , paper or presentation would prejudice the grant or validity of any application for intellectual property rights based on any part of the work .
13.2.4 without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing , no work , paper or presentation may be published or made where the publication or making of such work , paper or presentation would prejudice the [give] or validity of any application for intellectual property rights based on any part of the work .

Any consequent changes in the programme and grant payable shall be deemed to be incorporated in the Proposal .
any consequent changes in the programme and [give] payable shall be deemed to be incorporated in the proposal .

5.2 The Proprietor further grants to the Publisher the right to grant sub-licenses under the Licence hereby granted on such terms as the Publisher may determine .
5.2 the proprietor further grants to the publisher the right to [give] sub-licenses under the licence hereby granted on such terms as the publisher may determine .

Apart from a nominal annual grant from the Cooperative Union the guild remained self-governing and self-financing ( for good general accounts see Llewellyn Davies 1904 , Sharp 1933 , and Gaffin and Thoms 1983 ) .
apart from a nominal annual [give] from the cooperative union the guild remained self-governing and self-financing ( for good general accounts see llewellyn davies 1904 , sharp 1933 , and gaffin and thoms 1983 ) .

You may see the location of Ellen Terry 's cottage at Winchelsea , the billowing sail of Captain Locker 's ship ( see p.200–201 ) , the Tower of London ( as used on the Public Record Office plate ) , the crest of Charles Dickens , to which he was not entitled , having annexed it from a 1625 grant to William Dickens , and the forty quarterings of the arms of Sir Francis Fust .
you may see the location of ellen terry 's cottage at winchelsea , the billowing sail of captain locker 's ship ( see p.200–201 ) , the tower of london ( as used on the public record office plate ) , the crest of charles dickens , to which he was not entitled , having annexed it from a 1625 [give] to william dickens , and the forty quarterings of the arms of sir francis fust .

The state-centred version of liberal corporatism argues that state officials recognize , license and grant representational monopolies to national functional elites ( Beer , 1965 ; Schmitter , 1974 ) .
the state-centred version of liberal corporatism argues that state officials recognize , license and [give] representational monopolies to national functional elites ( beer , 1965 ; schmitter , 1974 ) .

Naturally those anthropologists who grant culture such imperative force tend to see social relations as the product of cultural patterning and conditioning , and thus tend to concentrate on child-rearing practices , enculturation , and socialization .
naturally those anthropologists who [give] culture such imperative force tend to see social relations as the product of cultural patterning and conditioning , and thus tend to concentrate on child-rearing practices , enculturation , and socialization .

Moore would surely grant that there is an indefinability of the word which follows from the fact that what it labels is indefinable , while those who treat it as a statement about a word see it as turning upon what the word is supposed to stand for .
moore would surely [give] that there is an indefinability of the word which follows from the fact that what it labels is indefinable , while those who treat it as a statement about a word see it as turning upon what the word is supposed to stand for .

In the sixteenth century the right to import commodities , or to process them domestically , normally rested on a grant of a monopoly .
in the sixteenth century the right to import commodities , or to process them domestically , normally rested on a [give] of a monopoly .

The chartered company continued to be regarded as the best type of organization for carrying on overseas trade , but a grant to an individual proprietor began to be seen as the best way to set up a new colony to which settlers would come to cultivate the land .
the chartered company continued to be regarded as the best type of organization for carrying on overseas trade , but a [give] to an individual proprietor began to be seen as the best way to set up a new colony to which settlers would come to cultivate the land .

The new colony was divided among a number of courtiers ; the largest section went to Charles 's brother , James , Duke of York , who renamed New Amsterdam after his own ducal title , and just to the west two families from the island of Jersey , the Berkeleys and the Carterets , received a grant of land which they named after it .
the new colony was divided among a number of courtiers ; the largest section went to charles 's brother , james , duke of york , who renamed new amsterdam after his own ducal title , and just to the west two families from the island of jersey , the berkeleys and the carterets , received a [give] of land which they named after it .

Their purchase encouraged another courtier , of an unusual type , to ask for a grant of land .
their purchase encouraged another courtier , of an unusual type , to ask for a [give] of land .

Penn wanted to set up an area of toleration for Quakers something like Lord Baltimore 's Catholic colony of Maryland and , as the Stuarts owed his family money , they gave him the land grant as part of a financial settlement .
penn wanted to set up an area of toleration for quakers something like lord baltimore 's catholic colony of maryland and , as the stuarts owed his family money , they gave him the land [give] as part of a financial settlement .

In the West Indies the original unity laid down in the Carlisle grant disintegrated as the Leeward Islands broke away from Barbados and Jamaica was set up with an entirely separate governorship .
in the west indies the original unity laid down in the carlisle [give] disintegrated as the leeward islands broke away from barbados and jamaica was set up with an entirely separate governorship .

On the same occasion , the Lord Mayor will also formally ‘ open ’ the new Ingrow Railway Centre Yard , which has very recently been landscaped , setted and paved by the Worth Valley Railway with the assistance of a substantial grant again obtained via Bradford Metropolitan Council .
on the same occasion , the lord mayor will also formally ‘ open ’ the new ingrow railway centre yard , which has very recently been landscaped , setted and paved by the worth valley railway with the assistance of a substantial [give] again obtained via bradford metropolitan council .

On adjacent courts , Amanda Brown — the former Wightman Cup player — shone as she romped to victory over Queen 's No. 1 Alison Grant 6–1 6–1 , while team mate Judy Rich — who this time last year led the Queen 's attack — took just four games more to defeat Karen Cass in the other singles rubber .
on adjacent courts , amanda brown — the former wightman cup player — shone as she romped to victory over queen 's no. 1 alison [give] 6–1 6–1 , while team mate judy rich — who this time last year led the queen 's attack — took just four games more to defeat karen cass in the other singles rubber .

This is a DTI-link grant funded post of 32 months duration .
this is a dti-link [give] funded post of 32 months duration .

80 per cent of the £108,000 for the restoration of the yards came from Urban Grant Aid .
80 per cent of the £108,000 for the restoration of the yards came from urban [give] aid .

She was n't about to grant him that , or anything .
she was n't about to [give] him that , or anything .

Westerners , on the other hand , attribute to themselves many characteristics they most dislike and , moreover , grant these a powerful explanatory role .
westerners , on the other hand , attribute to themselves many characteristics they most dislike and , moreover , [give] these a powerful explanatory role .

The writing of this paper was made possible by a grant from the Harry Frank Guggenheim Foundation .
the writing of this paper was made possible by a [give] from the harry frank guggenheim foundation .

The idea of providing proper station buildings was not forgotten , however , in 1988 , planning began in the hope of attracting grant aid and alternative designs were put forward for a new building .
the idea of providing proper station buildings was not forgotten , however , in 1988 , planning began in the hope of attracting [give] aid and alternative designs were put forward for a new building .

The government also failed to take up the recommendation to ‘ ring-fence ’ community care budget allocations , except in the case of mental health services where they did agree to a specific grant which would only be spent on community care service plans developed jointly by the health and social services .
the government also failed to take up the recommendation to ‘ ring-fence ’ community care budget allocations , except in the case of mental health services where they did agree to a specific [give] which would only be spent on community care service plans developed jointly by the health and social services .

Other monies will not be separately identified from the general rate support grant from the Department of the Environment , a decision which will make it very difficult to identify exactly what is being spent on services by individual authorities .
other monies will not be separately identified from the general rate support [give] from the department of the environment , a decision which will make it very difficult to identify exactly what is being spent on services by individual authorities .

The specific grant , introduced in April 1991 , should encourage authorities to plan together so that a broad spectrum of services is developed and there are no gaps for individual patients to fall down .
the specific [give] , introduced in april 1991 , should encourage authorities to plan together so that a broad spectrum of services is developed and there are no gaps for individual patients to fall down .

Statutory agencies can encourage the establishment of local ethnically focused voluntary organizations by targeting specific grant aid .
statutory agencies can encourage the establishment of local ethnically focused voluntary organizations by targeting specific [give] aid .

Each operative will receive a defined share of the income from the trust at regular intervals and on retirement will receive a pension or on death a grant will be paid .
each operative will receive a defined share of the income from the trust at regular intervals and on retirement will receive a pension or on death a [give] will be paid .

Typically a landowner is offered a consideration of , say , £2000 per acre to grant an Option to purchase , which may be exercised within 12 months by the developer .
typically a landowner is offered a consideration of , say , £2000 per acre to [give] an option to purchase , which may be exercised within 12 months by the developer .

An easement can come into existence by express grant or by contract , but it can also arise in at least three other ways .
an easement can come into existence by express [give] or by contract , but it can also arise in at least three other ways .

In addition to that , the common law will presume that there is a ’ lost modern grant ’ if the right has been exercised for 20 years .
in addition to that , the common law will presume that there is a ’ lost modern [give] ’ if the right has been exercised for 20 years .

v. Grant , or some other authority to the same effect , and saying that by our law an offeror can be landed with a contract even though he never receives an acceptance , since the contract is held to be complete on the posting of the letter of acceptance .
v. [give] , or some other authority to the same effect , and saying that by our law an offeror can be landed with a contract even though he never receives an acceptance , since the contract is held to be complete on the posting of the letter of acceptance .

But the whole point of the question is whether Grant 's case applies to a misdirected letter of acceptance .
but the whole point of the question is whether [give] 's case applies to a misdirected letter of acceptance .

One of the many indefensible anomalies of practice at the Bar is that the grant of silk is entirely in the discretion of political officer , the Lord Chancellor ; but he canvasses the views of various legal eminences including the heads of the judicial divisions .
one of the many indefensible anomalies of practice at the bar is that the [give] of silk is entirely in the discretion of political officer , the lord chancellor ; but he canvasses the views of various legal eminences including the heads of the judicial divisions .

But the result of this restrictive attitude to the grant of silk is that successful leaders are in such short supply , and consequently are able to charge such high fees , that the cost of fighting an important case in the High Court is a public scandal .
but the result of this restrictive attitude to the [give] of silk is that successful leaders are in such short supply , and consequently are able to charge such high fees , that the cost of fighting an important case in the high court is a public scandal .

There is no system of open competition : the grant of articles , like kissing , goes by favour .
there is no system of open competition : the [give] of articles , like kissing , goes by favour .

Under new Law Society regulations the articled clerk must be paid an ‘ acceptable ’ salary , the intention being that this shall be at least equivalent to the undergraduate maintenance grant , grossed up to cover 52 weeks instead of 38 and further increased to take account of the income tax and national insurance contributions payable .
under new law society regulations the articled clerk must be paid an ‘ acceptable ’ salary , the intention being that this shall be at least equivalent to the undergraduate maintenance [give] , grossed up to cover 52 weeks instead of 38 and further increased to take account of the income tax and national insurance contributions payable .

‘ The Sakkratian intelligence was about to grant its death wish .
‘ the sakkratian intelligence was about to [give] its death wish .

‘ people are not all alike — would you grant me that ? ’ His tone was now pedagogic .
‘ people are not all alike — would you [give] me that ? ’ his tone was now pedagogic .

Since moving back to Cliff Top my mother had boosted my grant .
since moving back to cliff top my mother had boosted my [give] .

Many of the parks were established near centres of population following the Countryside Act 1968 which provided grant aid for parks in an attempt to relieve congestion on the roads , to ease pressure on more remote and solitary places , and to reduce the risk of damage to vulnerable and valuable areas of countryside ( Brotherton , 1975 ) .
many of the parks were established near centres of population following the countryside act 1968 which provided [give] aid for parks in an attempt to relieve congestion on the roads , to ease pressure on more remote and solitary places , and to reduce the risk of damage to vulnerable and valuable areas of countryside ( brotherton , 1975 ) .

The main reasons for these changes are said to be economic pressures , grant aid , and a gradual replacement of older , smaller , and more conservative farmers with younger , larger and more profit-orientated farmers .
the main reasons for these changes are said to be economic pressures , [give] aid , and a gradual replacement of older , smaller , and more conservative farmers with younger , larger and more profit-orientated farmers .

Furthermore , in 1851 the Court of Common Pleas held in Grant v. Norway that a master who signed a bill of lading for twelve bales of silk that had not been shipped had no authority to issue such a bill and thus the bill was unenforceable .
furthermore , in 1851 the court of common pleas held in [give] v. norway that a master who signed a bill of lading for twelve bales of silk that had not been shipped had no authority to issue such a bill and thus the bill was unenforceable .

Section 3 of the 1855 Bill of Lading Act was intended as an assurance against Grant v. Norway :
section 3 of the 1855 bill of lading act was intended as an assurance against [give] v. norway :

This sentence overruled cases such as Grant v. Norway , which held that a captain or other owner 's agent , who signed a bill of lading for goods that were not received , did so ultra vires or without authority .
this sentence overruled cases such as [give] v. norway , which held that a captain or other owner 's agent , who signed a bill of lading for goods that were not received , did so ultra vires or without authority .

The Law Commissions took a long needed step in the direction of abstraction , and recommended that the rule of Grant v. Norway be abolished .
the law commissions took a long needed step in the direction of abstraction , and recommended that the rule of [give] v. norway be abolished .

Since only a limited number of stated capacities grant possessory rights and enable liability those capacities must be easily ascertainable .
since only a limited number of stated capacities [give] possessory rights and enable liability those capacities must be easily ascertainable .

Another powerful financial weapon is the annual decision made by the government on the amount of grant to be given to local authorities to aid current expenditure .
another powerful financial weapon is the annual decision made by the government on the amount of [give] to be given to local authorities to aid current expenditure .

Inevitably , local government could not escape from this policy and the rate support grant was trimmed back From 66 per cent of local authority expenditure to 61 per cent .
inevitably , local government could not escape from this policy and the rate support [give] was trimmed back from 66 per cent of local authority expenditure to 61 per cent .

Previously the rate support grant had been distributed to authorities on the basis of a complex formula which took account of a number of factors , including levels of local prosperity , which influence the need for local services .
previously the rate support [give] had been distributed to authorities on the basis of a complex formula which took account of a number of factors , including levels of local prosperity , which influence the need for local services .

The details of the formula were varied , sometimes year by year , but the formula was then automatic in its operation ( it is true that the government had a reserve power to withhold grant from a particular authority , but this power was never used ) .
the details of the formula were varied , sometimes year by year , but the formula was then automatic in its operation ( it is true that the government had a reserve power to withhold [give] from a particular authority , but this power was never used ) .

The rate support grant was replaced by a block grant to be calculated separately for each authority , so a council which displeases the government , by failing to keep local expenditure within a limit determined at the centre , can be penalized by a reduction in grant .
the rate support [give] was replaced by a block [give] to be calculated separately for each authority , so a council which displeases the government , by failing to keep local expenditure within a limit determined at the centre , can be penalized by a reduction in [give] .

At the same time the level of grant was steadily reduced for all authorities until it was below 50 per cent of local costs .
at the same time the level of [give] was steadily reduced for all authorities until it was below 50 per cent of local costs .

In a few cases , notably that of the Greater London Council , the effect of the penalties was to eliminate central grant altogether .
in a few cases , notably that of the greater london council , the effect of the penalties was to eliminate central [give] altogether .

Once the grant had gone , the disincentive effect of grant penalties ended : one can not take away what is not being given .
once the [give] had gone , the disincentive effect of [give] penalties ended : one can not take away what is not being given .

Their funds would come from a grant by the National Exchequer — an obvious source for constant friction .
their funds would come from a [give] by the national exchequer — an obvious source for constant friction .

Their older emotional attachments suffered with the decision to grant independence to India , Burma and Ceylon , but the new post-war MPs who came into the party ( particularly at the 1950 election ) were more exclusively concerned with domestic policy .
their older emotional attachments suffered with the decision to [give] independence to india , burma and ceylon , but the new post-war mps who came into the party ( particularly at the 1950 election ) were more exclusively concerned with domestic policy .

The coverage of the scheme was widened further and new incentives were provided including a rehousing grant .
the coverage of the scheme was widened further and new incentives were provided including a rehousing [give] .

Under the Civil Aviation Act 1971 , the Civil Aviation Authority was empowered to grant licences to those wishing to operate air transport lines .
under the civil aviation act 1971 , the civil aviation authority was empowered to [give] licences to those wishing to operate air transport lines .

The introduction of the new block grant system for local authorities under the Local Government , Planning and Land Act 1980 resulted in one hiccough for the minister when the Divisional Court held that he had not listened to further representations when he should have done .
the introduction of the new block [give] system for local authorities under the local government , planning and land act 1980 resulted in one hiccough for the minister when the divisional court held that he had not listened to further representations when he should have done .

Attempts in the Court of Appeal to set aside ministerial decisions on other aspects of the new block grant on more technical and precise grounds failed .
attempts in the court of appeal to set aside ministerial decisions on other aspects of the new block [give] on more technical and precise grounds failed .

In subsequent proceedings the Court of Appeal held that in such circumstances the court could grant a stay of the Minister 's decision .
in subsequent proceedings the court of appeal held that in such circumstances the court could [give] a stay of the minister 's decision .

The published policy of the Secretary of State was that he would not grant consent for the total or substantial demolition of a listed building unless he was satisfied that every effort had been made to continue the present use or find an alternative use .
the published policy of the secretary of state was that he would not [give] consent for the total or substantial demolition of a listed building unless he was satisfied that every effort had been made to continue the present use or find an alternative use .

What is not required is the traditional form of arts subsidy : the direct grant to an individual or a group .
what is not required is the traditional form of arts subsidy : the direct [give] to an individual or a group .

Table 9.1 The main components of Grant Related Expenditure for England and Wales , 1985/6
table 9.1 the main components of [give] related expenditure for england and wales , 1985/6

Grant Related Expenditure
[give] related expenditure

The key principle underlying the assessment of Grant Related Expenditure is to combine estimates of the basic unit cost of providing a service , as judged by Central Government , with estimates of the basic need for the service , which might be the population requiring the service or the physical requirements , such as road mileages or numbers of dwellings .
the key principle underlying the assessment of [give] related expenditure is to combine estimates of the basic unit cost of providing a service , as judged by central government , with estimates of the basic need for the service , which might be the population requiring the service or the physical requirements , such as road mileages or numbers of dwellings .

Table 9.2 Components of Grant Related Expenditure assessment , 1985/6 ( £ per head of population
table 9.2 components of [give] related expenditure assessment , 1985/6 ( £ per head of population

Elements of the formulae used in assessing Grant Related Expenditure needs can be shown to fail by all these criteria .
elements of the formulae used in assessing [give] related expenditure needs can be shown to fail by all these criteria .

Given that results would be used to allocate over £20 000 million per year , simply for the National Health Service and for the Block Grant , such a seemingly large expenditure would almost certainly be justified by improved efficiency in targeting expenditure .
given that results would be used to allocate over £20 000 million per year , simply for the national health service and for the block [give] , such a seemingly large expenditure would almost certainly be justified by improved efficiency in targeting expenditure .

Public accountability and transparency might be assisted by opening up the negotiation process between Central and Local government to participation by disinterested , knowledgeable parties and to non-expert advisors who could seek to ensure transparency , which is manifestly lacking in current procedures , particularly for the assessment of Grant Related Expenditure .
public accountability and transparency might be assisted by opening up the negotiation process between central and local government to participation by disinterested , knowledgeable parties and to non-expert advisors who could seek to ensure transparency , which is manifestly lacking in current procedures , particularly for the assessment of [give] related expenditure .

Stability has manifestly failed to be achieved in recent years for the allocation of the Rate Support Grant .
stability has manifestly failed to be achieved in recent years for the allocation of the rate support [give] .

These assessments form a crucial input to the determination of the actual funding allocation to each Local Authority through Block Grant .
these assessments form a crucial input to the determination of the actual funding allocation to each local authority through block [give] .

There are many farmers , possibly a majority , who recognize that farm workers deserve higher pay , but they resolutely maintain that they can not afford to grant it .
there are many farmers , possibly a majority , who recognize that farm workers deserve higher pay , but they resolutely maintain that they can not afford to [give] it .

The Labour government elected in 1974 decided to concentrate its housing resources on the needs of the inner city areas and coupled this with changes in the basis of the rate support grant which disadvantaged rural local authorities .
the labour government elected in 1974 decided to concentrate its housing resources on the needs of the inner city areas and coupled this with changes in the basis of the rate support [give] which disadvantaged rural local authorities .

The survey was carried out before the implementation of the new grant system for adaptations so could not assess its effectiveness ( see Morris , 1991 , for an assessment of the new system ; Royal Association of Disability and Rehabilitation , 1992 ) .
the survey was carried out before the implementation of the new [give] system for adaptations so could not assess its effectiveness ( see morris , 1991 , for an assessment of the new system ; royal association of disability and rehabilitation , 1992 ) .

Clare 's solicitor explained to her that men often forced their wives to return by refusing to grant a divorce and making it difficult for them to obtain money — even when it was awarded by a court .
clare 's solicitor explained to her that men often forced their wives to return by refusing to [give] a divorce and making it difficult for them to obtain money — even when it was awarded by a court .

In the foyer of the Clanrickard Club , Mike Grant leaned against the wall at the bottom of a double-sided curving staircase .
in the foyer of the clanrickard club , mike [give] leaned against the wall at the bottom of a double-sided curving staircase .

‘ Is Mr Grant with you ?
‘ is mr [give] with you ?

‘ Mr Grant ?
‘ mr [give] ?

First , incorporation itself was a privilege in the sense that it was an advantage that was not available to all , being dependent on an exercise of state discretion by way of the grant of a royal charter or a specific act of Parliament .
first , incorporation itself was a privilege in the sense that it was an advantage that was not available to all , being dependent on an exercise of state discretion by way of the [give] of a royal charter or a specific act of parliament .

That levying of money for or to the use of the Crowne by pretence of Prerogative without Grant of Parliament for longer time or in other manner , than the same is or shall be granted is illegall .
that levying of money for or to the use of the crowne by pretence of prerogative without [give] of parliament for longer time or in other manner , than the same is or shall be granted is illegall .

Publishers are often willing to grant permission for the reproduction of music upon written application , or even by a telephone call , supported by a subsequent letter .
publishers are often willing to [give] permission for the reproduction of music upon written application , or even by a telephone call , supported by a subsequent letter .

On 7 September 1944 it was announced that Japan would grant independence to Java — perhaps along with Sumatra — after the war .
on 7 september 1944 it was announced that japan would [give] independence to java — perhaps along with sumatra — after the war .

Local government services are currently financed from three sources : rates on domestic property ; rates on business property ; and a revenue support grant from central government .
local government services are currently financed from three sources : rates on domestic property ; rates on business property ; and a revenue support [give] from central government .

Nor will the second element in the new system of local government support — the central government grant — be open to a similar revision .
nor will the second element in the new system of local government support — the central government [give] — be open to a similar revision .

There is to be no discussion with local authorities on how this needs index is drawn up , and there will be no appeal against the size of the government grant that results from using this calculation .
there is to be no discussion with local authorities on how this needs index is drawn up , and there will be no appeal against the size of the government [give] that results from using this calculation .

How much money would be available , and how large would the capital grant be paid out from the fund to these eligible groups ?
how much money would be available , and how large would the capital [give] be paid out from the fund to these eligible groups ?

The Chancellor could grant a remedy to an individual where the common law did not provide a remedy , the aim being to attain justice in each case .
the chancellor could [give] a remedy to an individual where the common law did not provide a remedy , the aim being to attain justice in each case .

Where a company 's Articles of Association state that only the Board of Directors can grant special remuneration to a director , a committee of the Board does not have authority to pay a special fee to one of its members .
where a company 's articles of association state that only the board of directors can [give] special remuneration to a director , a committee of the board does not have authority to pay a special fee to one of its members .

The landlords are therefore entitled to all those rights of ownership other than those which they grant to the tenants under the lease , and those which they are prevented from exercising due to statutory restrictions imposed by the Rent Acts , etc .
the landlords are therefore entitled to all those rights of ownership other than those which they [give] to the tenants under the lease , and those which they are prevented from exercising due to statutory restrictions imposed by the rent acts , etc .

This is so even if the landlord is otherwise unwilling to grant a new tenancy .
this is so even if the landlord is otherwise unwilling to [give] a new tenancy .

They can also exist , for example , when a government agency makes a grant to a private sector not-for-profit organization such as a charity .
they can also exist , for example , when a government agency makes a [give] to a private sector not-for-profit organization such as a charity .

Perhaps even longer : for Thomas Palmer had a grant of free warren at Holt as far back as 1448 and this may be the beginning of the park of Nevill Holt .
perhaps even longer : for thomas palmer had a [give] of free warren at holt as far back as 1448 and this may be the beginning of the park of nevill holt .

If you grant racist ideologies their own relatively autonomous conditions of existence , however , you might be inclined to give a higher priority to educational or cultural issues , whilst at the same time taking care , not to bracket out their links to other dimensions of racism .
if you [give] racist ideologies their own relatively autonomous conditions of existence , however , you might be inclined to give a higher priority to educational or cultural issues , whilst at the same time taking care , not to bracket out their links to other dimensions of racism .

There is thus no doubt that on the older authorities the courts have refused to review by way of certiorari the decision of a visitor even though they were prepared to grant mandamus to require him to act or to prohibit him from acting in excess of jurisdiction .
there is thus no doubt that on the older authorities the courts have refused to review by way of certiorari the decision of a visitor even though they were prepared to [give] mandamus to require him to act or to prohibit him from acting in excess of jurisdiction .

More than a third of the undergraduates never ordered books at the university bookshops , and less than a third of the grant provided by the Department of Education and Science was spent as it was supposed to be .
more than a third of the undergraduates never ordered books at the university bookshops , and less than a third of the [give] provided by the department of education and science was spent as it was supposed to be .

‘ The court may grant the application if — ( a ) the debtor appears to have a counterclaim , set-off or cross demand which equals or exceeds the amount of the debt or debts specified in the statutory demand ; or ( b ) the debt is disputed on grounds which appear to the court to be substantial ; or … ( d ) the court is satisfied , on other grounds , that the demand ought to be set aside .
‘ the court may [give] the application if — ( a ) the debtor appears to have a counterclaim , set-off or cross demand which equals or exceeds the amount of the debt or debts specified in the statutory demand ; or ( b ) the debt is disputed on grounds which appear to the court to be substantial ; or … ( d ) the court is satisfied , on other grounds , that the demand ought to be set aside .

‘ 5(1) Property shall be regarded as belonging to any person having possession or control of it , or having in it any proprietary right or interest ( not being an equitable interest arising only from an agreement to transfer or grant an interest ) . …
‘ 5(1) property shall be regarded as belonging to any person having possession or control of it , or having in it any proprietary right or interest ( not being an equitable interest arising only from an agreement to transfer or [give] an interest ) . …

Apart from changing your diet , it would be a great idea if you could grant yourself a little more importance , and make sure you avoid getting overtired or missing meals , when at all possible .
apart from changing your diet , it would be a great idea if you could [give] yourself a little more importance , and make sure you avoid getting overtired or missing meals , when at all possible .

Precursors of the modern genus appear in Late Miocene deposits along the Pacific coast of North America ( Grant & Gale , 1931 ) , and Nucella shells are continuously present in the fossil record from then on .
precursors of the modern genus appear in late miocene deposits along the pacific coast of north america ( [give] & gale , 1931 ) , and nucella shells are continuously present in the fossil record from then on .

" Why do n't you apply for a grant and go and do a psychology degree at the tech ? " said Lyn .
" why do n't you apply for a [give] and go and do a psychology degree at the tech ? " said lyn .

If this was n't enough , the state does not recognise you as a mother until you are sixteen , when you are eligible to claim supplementary benefit , maternity grant and milk and vitamin tokens .
if this was n't enough , the state does not recognise you as a mother until you are sixteen , when you are eligible to claim supplementary benefit , maternity [give] and milk and vitamin tokens .

( This has recently been changed in the new Social Security Act ; before this , mothers under sixteen were entitled to maternity grant ( £25 ) and milk and vitamin tokens . )
( this has recently been changed in the new social security act ; before this , mothers under sixteen were entitled to maternity [give] ( £25 ) and milk and vitamin tokens . )

Market forces are pushing their way into the whole arena of debt servicing and conditions of grant aid so that the international rhetoric is moving away from comprehensive Primary Health Care to ‘ cost recovery ’ .
market forces are pushing their way into the whole arena of debt servicing and conditions of [give] aid so that the international rhetoric is moving away from comprehensive primary health care to ‘ cost recovery ’ .

He paid her a small allowance , as she , as a married woman , was no longer eligible for the grant that had supported her at university .
he paid her a small allowance , as she , as a married woman , was no longer eligible for the [give] that had supported her at university .

In Golder , the European Court decided that Article 6 embodied an inherent obligation on States to grant a right of access to the courts :
in golder , the european court decided that article 6 embodied an inherent obligation on states to [give] a right of access to the courts :

‘ It is our view that where a person indicates that he will contest the allegation that [ section 7 ( 5 ) ] ( a ) or ( b ) applies , a court may still remand in custody ( or grant bail ) pending trial of that issue ; the statement of the arresting constable 's ‘ reasonable grounds ’ may form the basis of the opinion of the justice of the peace .
‘ it is our view that where a person indicates that he will contest the allegation that [ section 7 ( 5 ) ] ( a ) or ( b ) applies , a court may still remand in custody ( or [give] bail ) pending trial of that issue ; the statement of the arresting constable 's ‘ reasonable grounds ’ may form the basis of the opinion of the justice of the peace .

He submitted that the court had no jurisdiction to hear the matter because the terms of section 7 ( 5 ) of the Bail Act 1976 empower a justice of the peace to remand a person in custody only if the justice is of the opinion that , inter alia , he has broken a condition of his bail ; otherwise , if not of that opinion , the court must grant bail on the same conditions as were originally imposed .
he submitted that the court had no jurisdiction to hear the matter because the terms of section 7 ( 5 ) of the bail act 1976 empower a justice of the peace to remand a person in custody only if the justice is of the opinion that , inter alia , he has broken a condition of his bail ; otherwise , if not of that opinion , the court must [give] bail on the same conditions as were originally imposed .

Further , the terms of section 7 ( 5 ) of the Act of 1976 are clear and they are mandatory in form , to the extent that if the justice is not of the opinion that the person is not likely to surrender to custody , or has broken or is likely to break any condition of his bail , the justice has to grant him bail subject to the same conditions , if any , as were originally imposed .
further , the terms of section 7 ( 5 ) of the act of 1976 are clear and they are mandatory in form , to the extent that if the justice is not of the opinion that the person is not likely to surrender to custody , or has broken or is likely to break any condition of his bail , the justice has to [give] him bail subject to the same conditions , if any , as were originally imposed .

Thulani Davis 's excellent fictional début , 1959 ( Hamish Hamilton , £8.99 ) , is about black defiance of American segregation laws in the small southern town of Turner ; Marsha Hunt 's Free ( Hamish Hamilton , £14.99 ) is set in 1913 , some 40 years after Grant accepted Lee 's surrender at Appomattox and brought about emancipation .
thulani davis 's excellent fictional début , 1959 ( hamish hamilton , £8.99 ) , is about black defiance of american segregation laws in the small southern town of turner ; marsha hunt 's free ( hamish hamilton , £14.99 ) is set in 1913 , some 40 years after [give] accepted lee 's surrender at appomattox and brought about emancipation .

The late Tony Richardson used to say Lowe could be the next Cary Grant .
the late tony richardson used to say lowe could be the next cary [give] .

The criticism follows complaints to the Physiological Society by some of its members about guidelines issued to potential grant applicants by the Wolfson Foundation , one of Britain 's leading sponsors of university research .
the criticism follows complaints to the physiological society by some of its members about guidelines issued to potential [give] applicants by the wolfson foundation , one of britain 's leading sponsors of university research .

The question raised by the petition is whether an order made by the Court of Appeal of New Zealand on 4 October 1991 dismissing the petitioner 's action was a final order which entitled the petitioner to appeal as of right to Her Majesty in Council or whether the order was an interlocutory order against which there was no appeal save with the leave of the Court of Appeal or the grant of special leave by the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council .
the question raised by the petition is whether an order made by the court of appeal of new zealand on 4 october 1991 dismissing the petitioner 's action was a final order which entitled the petitioner to appeal as of right to her majesty in council or whether the order was an interlocutory order against which there was no appeal save with the leave of the court of appeal or the [give] of special leave by the judicial committee of the privy council .

The power of the Board to grant special leave to appeal is expressly preserved by rule 28 which provided :
the power of the board to [give] special leave to appeal is expressly preserved by rule 28 which provided :

This ratio shows that measures of housing condition have remained quite stable between 1976 and 1981 , with the rate of improvement perhaps being slowed down by reduced grant availability in the late 1970s , but that there are distinct differences between different types of location in the incidence of poor housing .
this ratio shows that measures of housing condition have remained quite stable between 1976 and 1981 , with the rate of improvement perhaps being slowed down by reduced [give] availability in the late 1970s , but that there are distinct differences between different types of location in the incidence of poor housing .

Housing associations received a major boost from the Housing Act 1974 when a new once-and-for-all capital grant became payable at the outset of each scheme ( Baker 1976 ; Lansley 1979 ) .
housing associations received a major boost from the housing act 1974 when a new once-and-for-all capital [give] became payable at the outset of each scheme ( baker 1976 ; lansley 1979 ) .

The issue of a writ for libel does not in itself create a prior restraint in contrast to the grant of an injunction .
the issue of a writ for libel does not in itself create a prior restraint in contrast to the [give] of an injunction .

Bail Act 1976 , s.3(6A) — defendant accused of murder — condition on grant of bail of examination by medical practitioners — disclosure of reports
bail act 1976 , s.3(6a) — defendant accused of murder — condition on [give] of bail of examination by medical practitioners — disclosure of reports

By means of such conduct , we inform one another about the legitimacy of our presence , the innocence of our motives and our readiness to grant access or co-operation if the situation arises .
by means of such conduct , we inform one another about the legitimacy of our presence , the innocence of our motives and our readiness to [give] access or co-operation if the situation arises .

These seigniorial rights were varied and complex : some were disguised rent payments ; other residuary feudal dues ; others arose from the sale or grant of municipal office .
these seigniorial rights were varied and complex : some were disguised rent payments ; other residuary feudal dues ; others arose from the sale or [give] of municipal office .

The first step therefore was to grant representation to the colonies — though the word was avoided — in the Cortes .
the first step therefore was to [give] representation to the colonies — though the word was avoided — in the cortes .

By Richard Grant
by richard [give]

He argued that rational people drawing up a just social contract would only be willing to grant governments the power to punish to the extent that was necessary to protect themselves from the crimes of others .
he argued that rational people drawing up a just social contract would only be willing to [give] governments the power to punish to the extent that was necessary to protect themselves from the crimes of others .

However , where proceedings are commenced by way of charge , the police must decide whether to hold a suspect in custody or to grant ‘ police bail ’ pending the first court appearance .
however , where proceedings are commenced by way of charge , the police must decide whether to hold a suspect in custody or to [give] ‘ police bail ’ pending the first court appearance .

As a result , there is also concern that the provisions of the Act are failing to provide adequate safeguards against excessive caution on the part of some magistrates who may be tempted to refuse bail even where it would have been safe and proper to grant it .
as a result , there is also concern that the provisions of the act are failing to provide adequate safeguards against excessive caution on the part of some magistrates who may be tempted to refuse bail even where it would have been safe and proper to [give] it .

In 1050 , for example , Stephen , who claimed the title of ruler of Bosnia and Dalmatia , made a grant of land along the coast which extended the boundaries of Ragusa to Zaton , 16 km north of the original city , giving the republic control of the abundant supply of fresh water which emerges from a source vauclusienne at the head of the Ombla inlet .
in 1050 , for example , stephen , who claimed the title of ruler of bosnia and dalmatia , made a [give] of land along the coast which extended the boundaries of ragusa to zaton , 16 km north of the original city , giving the republic control of the abundant supply of fresh water which emerges from a source vauclusienne at the head of the ombla inlet .

Stephen 's grant also included the harbour of Gruž , which is now the commercial port for Dubrovnik .
stephen 's [give] also included the harbour of gruž , which is now the commercial port for dubrovnik .

In 1419 Stephen Ostojić , King of Bosnia , made a grant of land to the south , which took in the fertile Konavli valley , which runs parallel to the coast from Cavtat to the Gulf of Kotor .
in 1419 stephen ostojić , king of bosnia , made a [give] of land to the south , which took in the fertile konavli valley , which runs parallel to the coast from cavtat to the gulf of kotor .

The Sublime Porte will grant the Servians , on their petition , the same privileges which her subjects in the Islands of the Archipelago , and in other parts , enjoy ; and will moreover confer upon them a mark of her generosity , by leaving the administration of their internal affairs to themselves — by imposing upon them moderate taxes , and receiving them only direct from them and by making the regulation requisite to this end in an understanding with the Servian nation themselves .
the sublime porte will [give] the servians , on their petition , the same privileges which her subjects in the islands of the archipelago , and in other parts , enjoy ; and will moreover confer upon them a mark of her generosity , by leaving the administration of their internal affairs to themselves — by imposing upon them moderate taxes , and receiving them only direct from them and by making the regulation requisite to this end in an understanding with the servian nation themselves .

By 1833 they had persuaded the government to provide a small grant towards this work .
by 1833 they had persuaded the government to provide a small [give] towards this work .

Other Acts of Parliament merely grant local authorities powers , which they may choose whether or not to use .
other acts of parliament merely [give] local authorities powers , which they may choose whether or not to use .

In the determination of its grant to local authorities the government uses a complex formula which tries to take into account the extent of need for the various services .
in the determination of its [give] to local authorities the government uses a complex formula which tries to take into account the extent of need for the various services .

As far as the central grant is concerned , it has developed a technique that enables it to cut the money given to some authorities which it considers to be over-spenders by an amount equal to or more than any expenditure increase .
as far as the central [give] is concerned , it has developed a technique that enables it to cut the money given to some authorities which it considers to be over-spenders by an amount equal to or more than any expenditure increase .

It is important to note that most of the authorities which have experienced the more punitive forms of grant limitation and all but one of the authorities which have experienced rate capping have been Labour controlled .
it is important to note that most of the authorities which have experienced the more punitive forms of [give] limitation and all but one of the authorities which have experienced rate capping have been labour controlled .

Since April 1984 health authorities have been able to make continuing payments to local authorities providing social care , and to give grant aid to education and housing departments as well as social services and voluntary organizations .
since april 1984 health authorities have been able to make continuing payments to local authorities providing social care , and to give [give] aid to education and housing departments as well as social services and voluntary organizations .

Central government money comes in the form of the rate support grant .
central government money comes in the form of the rate support [give] .

Under new arrangements , local authorities are penalized by loss of grant if they spend too much — that is , more than the government thinks they ought to spend .
under new arrangements , local authorities are penalized by loss of [give] if they spend too much — that is , more than the government thinks they ought to spend .

The prosecutor rose to give the opening address but before he could begin Kesselring 's chief defence lawyer , Dr Hans Laternser , asked the court to grant an adjournment . He had arrived in Venice from
the prosecutor rose to give the opening address but before he could begin kesselring 's chief defence lawyer , dr hans laternser , asked the court to [give] an adjournment . he had arrived in venice from

a grant to set up an illicit still
a [give] to set up an illicit still

Accountancy firm Grant Thornton will give free telephone support and possible on-site assistance to customers buying the package .
accountancy firm [give] thornton will give free telephone support and possible on-site assistance to customers buying the package .

Its latest report on the grant shows 800 projects providing services to 64,000 people , many of them befriending , advocacy , advice , and respite schemes .
its latest report on the [give] shows 800 projects providing services to 64,000 people , many of them befriending , advocacy , advice , and respite schemes .

The grant was established two years ago to kick-start developments and not to replace funding of existing services .
the [give] was established two years ago to kick-start developments and not to replace funding of existing services .

Under the Children Act , if the restrictions could be achieved ‘ voluntarily ’ a court may consider it has a duty not to grant an order .
under the children act , if the restrictions could be achieved ‘ voluntarily ’ a court may consider it has a duty not to [give] an order .

In practice , people who choose to be public patients in public hospitals pay nothing and the hospital receives a capped grant to provide these services .
in practice , people who choose to be public patients in public hospitals pay nothing and the hospital receives a capped [give] to provide these services .

18–4–1865 The Session learned that a new attempt was being made to have the Royal Botanic Gardens open on the Sabbath and petitioned Parliament to refuse the grant .
18–4–1865 the session learned that a new attempt was being made to have the royal botanic gardens open on the sabbath and petitioned parliament to refuse the [give] .

7–10–1874 The trustees of the late James Bannatyne had made a grant of £100 to assist in employing a Catechist and the money was lodged with the Greenock Board of Police at 4 % interest , to be drawn as required .
7–10–1874 the trustees of the late james bannatyne had made a [give] of £100 to assist in employing a catechist and the money was lodged with the greenock board of police at 4 % interest , to be drawn as required .

( The grant was repeated in 1876 and lodged in the National Bank , Bridgend ) .
( the [give] was repeated in 1876 and lodged in the national bank , bridgend ) .

It shows that the total cost was to be 11650 and that a Grant of £300 had been received from a private Debt Extinction Fund subscribed by a few individuals to assist poor congregations .
it shows that the total cost was to be 11650 and that a [give] of £300 had been received from a private debt extinction fund subscribed by a few individuals to assist poor congregations .

11–2–1903 The Moderator intimated that owing to the state of his health he was no longer able to perform all his duties and resolved to ask the General Assembly for a grant from the Aged and Infirm Ministers ' Fund to aid in securing the services of an unordained assistant .
11–2–1903 the moderator intimated that owing to the state of his health he was no longer able to perform all his duties and resolved to ask the general assembly for a [give] from the aged and infirm ministers ' fund to aid in securing the services of an unordained assistant .

21–7 `` Letters were read from the secretary and convener of the Praise Committee of the Church with regard to a grant for assisting the congregation to secure an instrument to be used in congregational praise , from which it appears that the Committee were prepared to give £10 on condition that the instrument would be introduced in connection with public worship , and that the congregation contributed a suitable proportion of the cost . ``
21–7 `` letters were read from the secretary and convener of the praise committee of the church with regard to a [give] for assisting the congregation to secure an instrument to be used in congregational praise , from which it appears that the committee were prepared to give £10 on condition that the instrument would be introduced in connection with public worship , and that the congregation contributed a suitable proportion of the cost . ``

These are mandatory on the sheriff who has no option but to grant re-possession .
these are mandatory on the sheriff who has no option but to [give] re-possession .

7.1.5 The abolition of single payments and the substitution of a Grant and Loan scheme through a Social Fund with a restricted budget .
7.1.5 the abolition of single payments and the substitution of a [give] and loan scheme through a social fund with a restricted budget .

The Department of the Environment has stated ( Sept 1987 ) : `` The legislation will not of itself prescribe grant percentages , nor the detailed mechanics of the operation of the calculation and retention of rental surpluses , nor the detailed changes in accounting requirements which will be needed `` .
the department of the environment has stated ( sept 1987 ) : `` the legislation will not of itself prescribe [give] percentages , nor the detailed mechanics of the operation of the calculation and retention of rental surpluses , nor the detailed changes in accounting requirements which will be needed `` .

There were 4 for elderly people with mental impairment ( dementia projects effectively ) English authorities were eligible for grant aid .
there were 4 for elderly people with mental impairment ( dementia projects effectively ) english authorities were eligible for [give] aid .

For further details about the project from Martha McCulloch or Catriona Grant , Street Level Photography Gallery and Workshop ,
for further details about the project from martha mcculloch or catriona [give] , street level photography gallery and workshop ,

She 's recently returned from Bolivia where an Arts council grant enabled her to shoot the natives living in the foothills of the Andes .
she 's recently returned from bolivia where an arts council [give] enabled her to shoot the natives living in the foothills of the andes .

When the Arts Council awarded this young Canadian a grant of £2200 for a six month photographic mission to the Andes , she was delighted .
when the arts council awarded this young canadian a [give] of £2200 for a six month photographic mission to the andes , she was delighted .

It seems rather ironic that we are going to make life more difficult for the vast majority of English speaking North American graduates when under European Community regulations we now grant full registration to doctors from several European countries .
it seems rather ironic that we are going to make life more difficult for the vast majority of english speaking north american graduates when under european community regulations we now [give] full registration to doctors from several european countries .

One who arrived soon after the war ended , to study illustration on an ex-serviceman 's grant , was Humphrey Lyttelton .
one who arrived soon after the war ended , to study illustration on an ex-serviceman 's [give] , was humphrey lyttelton .

At their encouragement Duncan Grant , Vanessa Bell , Ceri Richards , Colquhoun , MacBryde , Vaughan and Minton began working on specially prepared lithographic paper which was afterwards sent , either to a well-known lithographic printer in Paris , Louis Ravel , or to the Chiswick Press .
at their encouragement duncan [give] , vanessa bell , ceri richards , colquhoun , macbryde , vaughan and minton began working on specially prepared lithographic paper which was afterwards sent , either to a well-known lithographic printer in paris , louis ravel , or to the chiswick press .

This development , privatized using an Urban Development Grant in the early 1980s , was not originally associated with slum clearance and was actually more expensive per unit than the traditional housing being built at the same time .
this development , privatized using an urban development [give] in the early 1980s , was not originally associated with slum clearance and was actually more expensive per unit than the traditional housing being built at the same time .

ft store by the Newcastle developer 's City and Northern Ltd. at Hill heads Industrial Estate , and the local authority 's grant of planning permission to itself for a superstore at Red House Farm , both in Whitley Bay .
ft store by the newcastle developer 's city and northern ltd. at hill heads industrial estate , and the local authority 's [give] of planning permission to itself for a superstore at red house farm , both in whitley bay .

Another example of gentrification is the Yuill 's development of ‘ St John 's Green ’ between Percy Main and the Meadowell Estate using an Urban Development Grant .
another example of gentrification is the yuill 's development of ‘ st john 's green ’ between percy main and the meadowell estate using an urban development [give] .

Gavin Drewry 's analysis of the grant and refusal of leave to appeal to the House of Lords in 1971 demonstrated that leave was routinely refused in cases where the second appeal raised issues of review , that leave was granted in cases involving issues of supervision , and that there was a mixture of refusals and grants in cases falling in the grey area of reconsideration of authority without critical re-appraisal of the cases ( Drewry , 1973 ) .
gavin drewry 's analysis of the [give] and refusal of leave to appeal to the house of lords in 1971 demonstrated that leave was routinely refused in cases where the second appeal raised issues of review , that leave was granted in cases involving issues of supervision , and that there was a mixture of refusals and grants in cases falling in the grey area of reconsideration of authority without critical re-appraisal of the cases ( drewry , 1973 ) .

The Court of Appeal has intimated that such cases are appropriate cases for the grant of extensions of the time allowed for appealing ( Legal Aid Handbook , 1990 ) .
the court of appeal has intimated that such cases are appropriate cases for the [give] of extensions of the time allowed for appealing ( legal aid handbook , 1990 ) .

It is common for conditions to be attached to the grant of leave .
it is common for conditions to be attached to the [give] of leave .

the trial judge must grant a certificate which is only available where :
the trial judge must [give] a certificate which is only available where :

Trial judges are not required to grant certificates where the conditions are met ; they simply have power to grant certificates .
trial judges are not required to [give] certificates where the conditions are met ; they simply have power to [give] certificates .

No doubt if such a condition were not written into the Act , the trial judge and the House of Lords would have regard to the significance of the adoption of the procedure for litigants and to their wishes in exercising their respective discretions to grant a certificate or leave to appeal .
no doubt if such a condition were not written into the act , the trial judge and the house of lords would have regard to the significance of the adoption of the procedure for litigants and to their wishes in exercising their respective discretions to [give] a certificate or leave to appeal .

The discretionary nature of the grant of leave to appeal to the House of Lords avoids any suggestion that there might be abuse of such an approach .
the discretionary nature of the [give] of leave to appeal to the house of lords avoids any suggestion that there might be abuse of such an approach .

All solicitors other than employed solicitors are also required to take out compulsory professional indemnity insurance as a condition of the grant of the annual practising certificate .
all solicitors other than employed solicitors are also required to take out compulsory professional indemnity insurance as a condition of the [give] of the annual practising certificate .

Those who were now beginning to pay lay subsidies might think about that wealth and this statute , particularly about its words contrasting the defence of the realm with the endowment of the church — words which were to be echoed by Wyclif in the 1370s and in a royal grant as late as the 1440s .
those who were now beginning to pay lay subsidies might think about that wealth and this statute , particularly about its words contrasting the defence of the realm with the endowment of the church — words which were to be echoed by wyclif in the 1370s and in a royal [give] as late as the 1440s .

Ironically , a well-known papal decretal of the early thirteenth century enabled a donor to recover land from a church when the conditions of the grant were unmet over two years .
ironically , a well-known papal decretal of the early thirteenth century enabled a donor to recover land from a church when the conditions of the [give] were unmet over two years .

In November 1294 a tenth was demanded of them in the shires , a sixth in the boroughs ; in December 1295 an eleventh and a seventh were sought ; a year later , in December 1296 , a twelfth and an eighth ; in July 1297 an eighth and a fifth , although this grant was not in fact raised .
in november 1294 a tenth was demanded of them in the shires , a sixth in the boroughs ; in december 1295 an eleventh and a seventh were sought ; a year later , in december 1296 , a twelfth and an eighth ; in july 1297 an eighth and a fifth , although this [give] was not in fact raised .

In 1290 , however , having just expelled the Jews , Edward elicited a ready grant of a tenth from both provinces .
in 1290 , however , having just expelled the jews , edward elicited a ready [give] of a tenth from both provinces .

For the clergy to grant such a request as Edward was now making would undoubtedly require , in the archbishop 's mind , papal assent , and so he told the king .
for the clergy to [give] such a request as edward was now making would undoubtedly require , in the archbishop 's mind , papal assent , and so he told the king .

In August the earls Bigod and Bohun protested at the exchequer against the grant of an eighth , which was already being collected .
in august the earls bigod and bohun protested at the exchequer against the [give] of an eighth , which was already being collected .

Mollified in the autumn of 1297 by these gestures on behalf of the king , entrusted with the custody of the charters and their additions , and convinced by the recent Scottish success that England was in peril on that frontier at least , Winchelsey enthusiastically encouraged the clergy to grant the king a tenth .
mollified in the autumn of 1297 by these gestures on behalf of the king , entrusted with the custody of the charters and their additions , and convinced by the recent scottish success that england was in peril on that frontier at least , winchelsey enthusiastically encouraged the clergy to [give] the king a tenth .

It was to be delivered to the king by March 1298 ; however , once the Scottish threat had abated , the archbishop refused in June 1298 to hand over the balance of the grant .
it was to be delivered to the king by march 1298 ; however , once the scottish threat had abated , the archbishop refused in june 1298 to hand over the balance of the [give] .

In 1272 Kilwardby , in 1399 Salmon of Norwich , and in 1303 Gainsborough of Worcester were all required to take an oath to receive their lands at the king 's pleasure and not by papal grant , an oath which was thereafter usual whenever a bishop obtained his see by provision .
in 1272 kilwardby , in 1399 salmon of norwich , and in 1303 gainsborough of worcester were all required to take an oath to receive their lands at the king 's pleasure and not by papal [give] , an oath which was thereafter usual whenever a bishop obtained his see by provision .

Secondly it had demonstrated that the clergy were well nigh powerless against royal tax demands : if they would not make a grant , the king could outlaw them and raise the money by fines , or he could simply seize their temporalities .
secondly it had demonstrated that the clergy were well nigh powerless against royal tax demands : if they would not make a [give] , the king could outlaw them and raise the money by fines , or he could simply seize their temporalities .

In 1319 a royal request for a grant was referred by the clergy to the pope who eventually allowed a tenth .
in 1319 a royal request for a [give] was referred by the clergy to the pope who eventually allowed a tenth .

The Hospitallers , backed by Archbishop Reynolds , protested , but not until 1324 did a statute grant the land formally to them .
the hospitallers , backed by archbishop reynolds , protested , but not until 1324 did a statute [give] the land formally to them .

Although it might be construed in England as a joint papal and royal dissolution of a religious order and its houses , the statute of 1324 in waiving the king 's rights over the forfeited property omitted all mention of a papal grant to the Hospitallers and thus left on the statute book an impression of autonomous royal action .
although it might be construed in england as a joint papal and royal dissolution of a religious order and its houses , the statute of 1324 in waiving the king 's rights over the forfeited property omitted all mention of a papal [give] to the hospitallers and thus left on the statute book an impression of autonomous royal action .

To add to these burdens , the 1340 tax of a ninth of corn , sheep and wool , from which the clergy had obtained exemption by their grant of a normal tenth , was nevertheless applied to them by many local officials at first acting on their own initiative , but after January 1341 on the king 's orders .
to add to these burdens , the 1340 tax of a ninth of corn , sheep and wool , from which the clergy had obtained exemption by their [give] of a normal tenth , was nevertheless applied to them by many local officials at first acting on their own initiative , but after january 1341 on the king 's orders .

From 1334 to 1343 the clergy voted for no fewer than eight tenths , or from the combined provinces — and at a conservative estimate — roughly £140,000 ; in the next decade almost as much , seven tenths or some £124,000 were conceded ; during the second half of the 1350s only two tenths were granted , £35,000 ; the peace of Brétigny brought a respite from royal taxation until 1370 , after which until the end of the reign £100,000 was raised by traditional subsidies , £50,000 was sought as a special grant in 1371 ( though little of this was effectively collected ) and a graduated poll tax was imposed in 1377 .
from 1334 to 1343 the clergy voted for no fewer than eight tenths , or from the combined provinces — and at a conservative estimate — roughly £140,000 ; in the next decade almost as much , seven tenths or some £124,000 were conceded ; during the second half of the 1350s only two tenths were granted , £35,000 ; the peace of brétigny brought a respite from royal taxation until 1370 , after which until the end of the reign £100,000 was raised by traditional subsidies , £50,000 was sought as a special [give] in 1371 ( though little of this was effectively collected ) and a graduated poll tax was imposed in 1377 .

In 1356 , after a succession of fruitless campaigns ( though just before some spectacular successes ) , the king sought in vain from the clergy a grant of a tenth for each of the next six years ; the clergy refused to offer more than a solitary tenth because not only had some of their conditions attached to earlier grants been ignored but also they themselves were too impoverished by war levies of all kinds to afford greater liberality .
in 1356 , after a succession of fruitless campaigns ( though just before some spectacular successes ) , the king sought in vain from the clergy a [give] of a tenth for each of the next six years ; the clergy refused to offer more than a solitary tenth because not only had some of their conditions attached to earlier grants been ignored but also they themselves were too impoverished by war levies of all kinds to afford greater liberality .

In 1370 , when the war had resumed , the clerical representatives would agree only to a grant of two tenths instead of the three sought ; the prelates , however , had already conceded three tenths , and their pressure and that of royal delegations eventually coerced the proctors of the lesser clergy into acquiescing , once again in the expressed hope that their grievances would be remedied .
in 1370 , when the war had resumed , the clerical representatives would agree only to a [give] of two tenths instead of the three sought ; the prelates , however , had already conceded three tenths , and their pressure and that of royal delegations eventually coerced the proctors of the lesser clergy into acquiescing , once again in the expressed hope that their grievances would be remedied .

At the convocation of 1373 , therefore , bishops led the refusal of any grant : Courtenay of Hereford openly opposed the demand .
at the convocation of 1373 , therefore , bishops led the refusal of any [give] : courtenay of hereford openly opposed the demand .

Bishop Sudbury of London managed this convocation , in the absence of Archbishop Whittlesey who was sick , and succeeded eventually in extracting a grant of a tenth .
bishop sudbury of london managed this convocation , in the absence of archbishop whittlesey who was sick , and succeeded eventually in extracting a [give] of a tenth .

In February 1340 Edward himself came back to secure what his commissaries had failed to get , but only in May was he able to return to the continent assured of a grant .
in february 1340 edward himself came back to secure what his commissaries had failed to get , but only in may was he able to return to the continent assured of a [give] .

From parliament he was promised a ninth on sheep , wool and corn for two years , a grant difficult to quantify and very easy , as it turned out , to overestimate .
from parliament he was promised a ninth on sheep , wool and corn for two years , a [give] difficult to quantify and very easy , as it turned out , to overestimate .

It should have been on her money but William was on a full grant at university .
it should have been on her money but william was on a full [give] at university .

The Venue , as it was called , opened on Halloween night , 1978 , after a minor crisis involving fire-officers refusing to grant the appropriate permits .
the venue , as it was called , opened on halloween night , 1978 , after a minor crisis involving fire-officers refusing to [give] the appropriate permits .

It was almost unthinkable that the Americans would refuse outright to grant the exemption , but it quickly became clear that they would prevaricate for as long as possible .
it was almost unthinkable that the americans would refuse outright to [give] the exemption , but it quickly became clear that they would prevaricate for as long as possible .

Branson was fully aware that even if the Americans decided to grant permission , it was likely that it would not be given until a day or two before the flight — retaliatory treatment for the way the British government had delayed until the eleventh hour and fifty-ninth minute permission for People Express to fly into Britain .
branson was fully aware that even if the americans decided to [give] permission , it was likely that it would not be given until a day or two before the flight — retaliatory treatment for the way the british government had delayed until the eleventh hour and fifty-ninth minute permission for people express to fly into britain .

Such an application can only be made with the leave of the court , and the court may only grant leave if it is satisfied , inter alia , that ‘ there is reasonable cause to believe that if the court 's inherent jurisdiction is not exercised with respect to the child he is likely to suffer significant harm : ’ see section 100 ( 3 ) and ( 4 ) ( b ) .
such an application can only be made with the leave of the court , and the court may only [give] leave if it is satisfied , inter alia , that ‘ there is reasonable cause to believe that if the court 's inherent jurisdiction is not exercised with respect to the child he is likely to suffer significant harm : ’ see section 100 ( 3 ) and ( 4 ) ( b ) .

The reasoning owed much to the following extract of the speech of Lord Wright in Grant v. Australian Knitting Mills Ltd .
the reasoning owed much to the following extract of the speech of lord wright in [give] v. australian knitting mills ltd .

The grant of probate was expressly ‘ limited to expire upon the date upon which the codicil dated 18 April 1986 be proved .
the [give] of probate was expressly ‘ limited to expire upon the date upon which the codicil dated 18 april 1986 be proved .

It applies if in all the circumstances it would be an affront to the public conscience to grant the plaintiff the relief which he seeks because the court would thereby appear to assist or encourage the plaintiff in his illegal conduct or to encourage others in similar acts : see ( 2 ) ( iii ) below .
it applies if in all the circumstances it would be an affront to the public conscience to [give] the plaintiff the relief which he seeks because the court would thereby appear to assist or encourage the plaintiff in his illegal conduct or to encourage others in similar acts : see ( 2 ) ( iii ) below .

… For that purpose it makes no difference whether the illegality is raised in the plaintiff 's claim or by way of reply to a ground of defence … ( ii ) Where the grant of relief to the plaintiff would enable him to benefit from his criminal conduct : … ( iii ) Where , even though neither ( i ) nor ( ii ) is applicable to the plaintiff 's claim , the situation is nevertheless residually covered by the general principle summarised in ( i ) above .
… for that purpose it makes no difference whether the illegality is raised in the plaintiff 's claim or by way of reply to a ground of defence … ( ii ) where the [give] of relief to the plaintiff would enable him to benefit from his criminal conduct : … ( iii ) where , even though neither ( i ) nor ( ii ) is applicable to the plaintiff 's claim , the situation is nevertheless residually covered by the general principle summarised in ( i ) above .

‘ ( 1 ) If on the application of the Secretary of State the court is satisfied — ( a ) that there is a reasonable likelihood that any person will contravene any provision of — ( i ) rules or regulations made under this Chapter ; ( ii ) sections 47 , 56 , 57 , or 59 above ; … ( c ) that any person has contravened any such provision or condition and that there are steps that could be taken for remedying the contravention , the court may grant an injunction restraining the contravention … or , as the case may be , make an order requiring that person and any other person … knowingly concerned in the contravention to take such steps as the court may direct to remedy it .
‘ ( 1 ) if on the application of the secretary of state the court is satisfied — ( a ) that there is a reasonable likelihood that any person will contravene any provision of — ( i ) rules or regulations made under this chapter ; ( ii ) sections 47 , 56 , 57 , or 59 above ; … ( c ) that any person has contravened any such provision or condition and that there are steps that could be taken for remedying the contravention , the court may [give] an injunction restraining the contravention … or , as the case may be , make an order requiring that person and any other person … knowingly concerned in the contravention to take such steps as the court may direct to remedy it .

Miss Calder and Mr. Persaud will therefore not be without remedy if they wish to pursue the avenue of appeal to the Court of Appeal and if they can persuade that court to grant them leave to appeal out of time against the relevant decision of the Visitors .
miss calder and mr. persaud will therefore not be without remedy if they wish to pursue the avenue of appeal to the court of appeal and if they can persuade that court to [give] them leave to appeal out of time against the relevant decision of the visitors .

Where that right is not granted by the framework within which the decision taker operates then it should be supplied as an implied grant by the law .
where that right is not granted by the framework within which the decision taker operates then it should be supplied as an implied [give] by the law .

The board in this sense will be moved by similar considerations to those which affect a court in deciding whether to grant an injunction ex parte .
the board in this sense will be moved by similar considerations to those which affect a court in deciding whether to [give] an injunction ex parte .

By a notice of appeal dated 25 November 1991 , and pursuant to the grant of leave to appeal out of time , the plaintiff appealed on the grounds that the judge erred in law in holding that ( 1 ) the defendant was at 24 December 1989 a residential occupier within the meaning of section 27 of the Housing Act 1988 and a statutory tenant within section 2 of the Rent Act 1977 ; and ( 2 ) once a possession order had been obtained against a statutory tenant it was necessary for the landlord to obtain a warrant of possession .
by a notice of appeal dated 25 november 1991 , and pursuant to the [give] of leave to appeal out of time , the plaintiff appealed on the grounds that the judge erred in law in holding that ( 1 ) the defendant was at 24 december 1989 a residential occupier within the meaning of section 27 of the housing act 1988 and a statutory tenant within section 2 of the rent act 1977 ; and ( 2 ) once a possession order had been obtained against a statutory tenant it was necessary for the landlord to obtain a warrant of possession .

It does not follow , however , that there is , in every case , a general discretion to grant rectification .
it does not follow , however , that there is , in every case , a general discretion to [give] rectification .

The power to grant rectification is limited in subsection ( 1 ) to ‘ any of the following cases .
the power to [give] rectification is limited in subsection ( 1 ) to ‘ any of the following cases .

By a notice of appeal dated 22 July 1991 the administrators appealed on the grounds , inter alia , that ( 1 ) the judge had erred in law in holding that the court had no jurisdiction to make any order under section 238 of the Act of 1986 against the bank ; ( 2 ) the judge should have held that the words ‘ any person ’ in section 238 meant ( in the case of a company ) any company , whether or not registered in England and Wales , or having a place of business in England and Wales , or carrying on business in England and Wales at the time of the transaction complained of ; alternatively , that those words ( in the case of a company ) meant any company with a sufficient connection with England and Wales : and that , on the facts of the case , there was a sufficient connection ; and in either case the court accordingly had jurisdiction to entertain the originating application against the bank , and to grant leave under rule 12.12 of the Insolvency Rules 1986 to serve the bank in Jersey ; and ( 3 ) in construing section 238 of the Act of 1986 the judge had erred in failing ( i ) to hold that the bank , even though a Jersey company , was within the class of persons with respect to whom Parliament was to be presumed to be legislating in section 238 ; ( ii ) to give any or any sufficient weight to the mischief which the section was intended to remedy , and/or to the disastrous practical consequences for all insolvencies with any international element if the operation of the section were limited to those within England and Wales at the time of the transaction complained of ; ( iii ) to give any or any sufficient weight to the legislative context of the section and related sections ; and ( iv ) to give any or any sufficient weight to the fact that the transactions dealt with by the sections necessarily had a connection with England and Wales in that they involved a disposition of the property of a person or company the subject of insolvency proceedings before the courts of England and Wales .
by a notice of appeal dated 22 july 1991 the administrators appealed on the grounds , inter alia , that ( 1 ) the judge had erred in law in holding that the court had no jurisdiction to make any order under section 238 of the act of 1986 against the bank ; ( 2 ) the judge should have held that the words ‘ any person ’ in section 238 meant ( in the case of a company ) any company , whether or not registered in england and wales , or having a place of business in england and wales , or carrying on business in england and wales at the time of the transaction complained of ; alternatively , that those words ( in the case of a company ) meant any company with a sufficient connection with england and wales : and that , on the facts of the case , there was a sufficient connection ; and in either case the court accordingly had jurisdiction to entertain the originating application against the bank , and to [give] leave under rule 12.12 of the insolvency rules 1986 to serve the bank in jersey ; and ( 3 ) in construing section 238 of the act of 1986 the judge had erred in failing ( i ) to hold that the bank , even though a jersey company , was within the class of persons with respect to whom parliament was to be presumed to be legislating in section 238 ; ( ii ) to give any or any sufficient weight to the mischief which the section was intended to remedy , and/or to the disastrous practical consequences for all insolvencies with any international element if the operation of the section were limited to those within england and wales at the time of the transaction complained of ; ( iii ) to give any or any sufficient weight to the legislative context of the section and related sections ; and ( iv ) to give any or any sufficient weight to the fact that the transactions dealt with by the sections necessarily had a connection with england and wales in that they involved a disposition of the property of a person or company the subject of insolvency proceedings before the courts of england and wales .

To meet these changing conditions English courts are more prepared than formerly to grant injunctions in suitable cases against non-residents or foreign nationals in respect of overseas activities .
to meet these changing conditions english courts are more prepared than formerly to [give] injunctions in suitable cases against non-residents or foreign nationals in respect of overseas activities .

‘ ( 1 ) The Bank may , on an application duly made in accordance with section 8 above and after being provided with all such information , documents and reports as it may require under that section , grant or refuse the application .
‘ ( 1 ) the bank may , on an application duly made in accordance with section 8 above and after being provided with all such information , documents and reports as it may require under that section , [give] or refuse the application .

( 2 ) The Bank shall not grant an application unless satisfied that the criteria specified in Schedule 3 to this Act are fulfilled with respect to the applicant .
( 2 ) the bank shall not [give] an application unless satisfied that the criteria specified in schedule 3 to this act are fulfilled with respect to the applicant .

‘ to grant equitable relief to the defendants in respect of the son 's acts alone without [ the plaintiff 's ] authority or knowledge , is to go further than any decided case has yet gone .
‘ to [give] equitable relief to the defendants in respect of the son 's acts alone without [ the plaintiff 's ] authority or knowledge , is to go further than any decided case has yet gone .

The United Kingdom considered that the grant of nationality to a ship was a matter of international concern which went beyond the confines of the Community .
the united kingdom considered that the [give] of nationality to a ship was a matter of international concern which went beyond the confines of the community .

The grant of a flag had many legal implications ( determination of applicable law , in particular in the fields of civil or criminal liability , safety , fisheries , employment and social security ) and placed onerous duties on a state ( control in administrative , technical and social matters ) .
the [give] of a flag had many legal implications ( determination of applicable law , in particular in the fields of civil or criminal liability , safety , fisheries , employment and social security ) and placed onerous duties on a state ( control in administrative , technical and social matters ) .

‘ Each state shall fix the conditions for the grant of its nationality to ships , for the registration of ships in its territory , and for the right to fly its flag .
‘ each state shall fix the conditions for the [give] of its nationality to ships , for the registration of ships in its territory , and for the right to fly its flag .

In those circumstances , Community law could not deprive member states of their competence to determine the conditions for the grant of their flags to vessels .
in those circumstances , community law could not deprive member states of their competence to determine the conditions for the [give] of their flags to vessels .

The exclusive competence of states with regard to the grant of their nationality was a manifestation of their sovereignty .
the exclusive competence of states with regard to the [give] of their nationality was a manifestation of their sovereignty .

The Governments of the Federal Republic of Germany and Spain , the Commission of the European Communities and the applicants in the main proceedings considered that , whilst the rules relating to the grant of the flag fell within the competence of the member states , the member states could not adopt legislation contrary to Community law .
the governments of the federal republic of germany and spain , the commission of the european communities and the applicants in the main proceedings considered that , whilst the rules relating to the [give] of the flag fell within the competence of the member states , the member states could not adopt legislation contrary to community law .

As far as public international law is concerned , the member states in question refer above all to the Geneva Convention of 29 April 1958 on the High Seas , article 5 ( 1 ) of which expressly recognises the right of each state to fix ‘ the conditions for the grant of its nationality to ships , for the registration of ships in its territory , and for the right to fly its flag .
as far as public international law is concerned , the member states in question refer above all to the geneva convention of 29 april 1958 on the high seas , article 5 ( 1 ) of which expressly recognises the right of each state to fix ‘ the conditions for the [give] of its nationality to ships , for the registration of ships in its territory , and for the right to fly its flag .

‘ thought it best to confine itself to enunciating the guiding principle that , before the grant of nationality is generally recognised , there must be a genuine link between the ship and the State granting permission to fly its flag
‘ thought it best to confine itself to enunciating the guiding principle that , before the [give] of nationality is generally recognised , there must be a genuine link between the ship and the state granting permission to fly its flag

of the directors and shareholders of a company owning or operating the vessel must be nationals of the state , even if the competent national authority has the legal power to dispense with that requirement in the case of certain persons ; ( b ) it is contrary to Community law for a member state to lay down as a requirement for registration that the owners , operators , shareholders and directors , as the case may be , must reside and be domiciled in that member state and , in the case of a company , that it must have its principal place of business there ; and ( c ) it is not contrary to Community law for a member state to make the grant of its flag subject to the requirement that the vessel must be managed and its operations directed and controlled from within that member state .
of the directors and shareholders of a company owning or operating the vessel must be nationals of the state , even if the competent national authority has the legal power to dispense with that requirement in the case of certain persons ; ( b ) it is contrary to community law for a member state to lay down as a requirement for registration that the owners , operators , shareholders and directors , as the case may be , must reside and be domiciled in that member state and , in the case of a company , that it must have its principal place of business there ; and ( c ) it is not contrary to community law for a member state to make the [give] of its flag subject to the requirement that the vessel must be managed and its operations directed and controlled from within that member state .

‘ Each state shall fix the conditions for the grant of its nationality to ships , for the registration of ships in its territory , and for the right to fly its flag .
‘ each state shall fix the conditions for the [give] of its nationality to ships , for the registration of ships in its territory , and for the right to fly its flag .

Consequently , in exercising its powers for the purposes of defining the conditions for the grant of its ‘ nationality ’ to a ship , each member state must comply with the prohibition of discrimination against nationals of member states on grounds of their nationality .
consequently , in exercising its powers for the purposes of defining the conditions for the [give] of its ‘ nationality ’ to a ship , each member state must comply with the prohibition of discrimination against nationals of member states on grounds of their nationality .

As for the requirement for the owners , charterers , managers and operators of the vessel and , in the case of a company , the shareholders and directors , to be resident and domiciled in the member state in which the vessel is to be registered , it must be held that such a requirement , which is not justified by the rights and obligations created by the grant of a national flag to a vessel , results in discrimination on grounds of nationality .
as for the requirement for the owners , charterers , managers and operators of the vessel and , in the case of a company , the shareholders and directors , to be resident and domiciled in the member state in which the vessel is to be registered , it must be held that such a requirement , which is not justified by the rights and obligations created by the [give] of a national flag to a vessel , results in discrimination on grounds of nationality .

‘ The operation or termination of the account of a member borrowing on a class 1 or class 2 advance and the grant or refusal to grant a borrowing member of that description other or further class 1 , or as the case may be , class 2 advances secured on the same or different land or other facilities normally available to borrowing members of his description .
‘ the operation or termination of the account of a member borrowing on a class 1 or class 2 advance and the [give] or refusal to [give] a borrowing member of that description other or further class 1 , or as the case may be , class 2 advances secured on the same or different land or other facilities normally available to borrowing members of his description .

Note : The grant of advances includes the terms on which they are granted .
note : the [give] of advances includes the terms on which they are granted .

‘ The ombudsman shall … investigate any complaint received by him from an individual if [ 1 ] … the complaint relates to action taken in the United Kingdom by a building society … [ 2 ] in relation to … the grant or refusal to grant a borrowing member … other or further … advances secured on the same or different land provided that the grounds of complaint [ are ] that [ 3 ] the action complained of constitutes in relation to the complainant : — ( a ) in the case of a participating society , a breach of its obligations under the Act , its rules or any other contract or … ( b ) unfair treatment or ( c ) maladministration .
‘ the ombudsman shall … investigate any complaint received by him from an individual if [ 1 ] … the complaint relates to action taken in the united kingdom by a building society … [ 2 ] in relation to … the [give] or refusal to [give] a borrowing member … other or further … advances secured on the same or different land provided that the grounds of complaint [ are ] that [ 3 ] the action complained of constitutes in relation to the complainant : — ( a ) in the case of a participating society , a breach of its obligations under the act , its rules or any other contract or … ( b ) unfair treatment or ( c ) maladministration .

Second , it is submitted for the plaintiffs that such action is not in relation to the grant or refusal of a further advance because the making of the valuation is not part of the administration or managerial process leading to the grant or refusal but is only a condition precedent to the actual process of making a grant .
second , it is submitted for the plaintiffs that such action is not in relation to the [give] or refusal of a further advance because the making of the valuation is not part of the administration or managerial process leading to the [give] or refusal but is only a condition precedent to the actual process of making a [give] .

The next question is whether such action is taken in relation to the grant or refusal to grant a further loan .
the next question is whether such action is taken in relation to the [give] or refusal to [give] a further loan .

The existence of such a valuation is a sine qua non to the grant of a further advance .
the existence of such a valuation is a sine qua non to the [give] of a further advance .

The provision of such a valuation is in relation to the grant of a further advance because that is its raison d'être .
the provision of such a valuation is in relation to the [give] of a further advance because that is its raison d'être .

But this is irrelevant to the question whether it is in relation to the grant of a further advance .
but this is irrelevant to the question whether it is in relation to the [give] of a further advance .

In the case of the grant of a further advance , those procedures include all the steps necessary to assess the adequacy of the security offered for an advance .
in the case of the [give] of a further advance , those procedures include all the steps necessary to assess the adequacy of the security offered for an advance .

In addition to the three points on the basic valuation , namely action by the society in relation to the grant or refusal of an advance and maladministration , one further point arises in the case of a house or flat buyers ' report .
in addition to the three points on the basic valuation , namely action by the society in relation to the [give] or refusal of an advance and maladministration , one further point arises in the case of a house or flat buyers ' report .

In consequence , it was submitted , the relevant action was taken not by the society , the report was not required by the society for its own purposes and was thus not in relation to the grant or refusal of an advance , and a report negligently prepared could not constitute maladministration or a breach of the society 's obligations under any contract .
in consequence , it was submitted , the relevant action was taken not by the society , the report was not required by the society for its own purposes and was thus not in relation to the [give] or refusal of an advance , and a report negligently prepared could not constitute maladministration or a breach of the society 's obligations under any contract .

But it does not necessarily follow that the action of the society is in relation to the grant or refusal of an advance .
but it does not necessarily follow that the action of the society is in relation to the [give] or refusal of an advance .

But the phrase ‘ in relation to the grant or refusal of an advance ’ does not require the action complained of to be a necessary part of the process .
but the phrase ‘ in relation to the [give] or refusal of an advance ’ does not require the action complained of to be a necessary part of the process .

As a matter of ordinary English it includes actions , which , whilst not strictly necessary , relate to the grant or refusal of an advance .
as a matter of ordinary english it includes actions , which , whilst not strictly necessary , relate to the [give] or refusal of an advance .

In that case , the opportunity to earn remuneration arose when the appellant obtained the grant of a tenancy of a public house owned by and tied to a large brewery company .
in that case , the opportunity to earn remuneration arose when the appellant obtained the [give] of a tenancy of a public house owned by and tied to a large brewery company .

Nuisance — Public — Planning permission , grant of — Local authority granting permission for development of commercial port — Movement of heavy goods vehicles on roads leading to port — Vehicles causing serious disturbance to residents — Local authority bringing action in nuisance against port authorities — Whether disturbance public nuisance
nuisance — public — planning permission , [give] of — local authority granting permission for development of commercial port — movement of heavy goods vehicles on roads leading to port — vehicles causing serious disturbance to residents — local authority bringing action in nuisance against port authorities — whether disturbance public nuisance

The plaintiff , in considering that application , was aware that the residents living by the two approach roads to the port would be affected 24 hours a day by the movement of heavy goods vehicles to and from the port but decided to grant planning permission because of the employment and economic benefits for the area resulting from the operation of a commercial port .
the plaintiff , in considering that application , was aware that the residents living by the two approach roads to the port would be affected 24 hours a day by the movement of heavy goods vehicles to and from the port but decided to [give] planning permission because of the employment and economic benefits for the area resulting from the operation of a commercial port .

In support of this submission the defendants rely on the observations of Lord Wilberforce in the Rank Film case , at p. 443 , when considering the adequacy of the protection of the undertaking which was there sought to be imposed as a term of the grant of an Anton Piller order .
in support of this submission the defendants rely on the observations of lord wilberforce in the rank film case , at p. 443 , when considering the adequacy of the protection of the undertaking which was there sought to be imposed as a term of the [give] of an anton piller order .

The Attorney-General was joined as a respondent to the application because he had declined to grant his fiat under section 13 of the Coroners Act 1988 , but at the hearing he was released from the proceedings with the consent of all parties .
the attorney-general was joined as a respondent to the application because he had declined to [give] his fiat under section 13 of the coroners act 1988 , but at the hearing he was released from the proceedings with the consent of all parties .

By a respondent 's notice dated 21 January 1992 the foster mother sought to contend that the judge 's grant of leave under section 10(9) of the Act of 1989 should be affirmed on the grounds that if the Court of Appeal accepted the local authority 's test for the grant of leave to apply under section 10(9) the evidence justified the judge 's order .
by a respondent 's notice dated 21 january 1992 the foster mother sought to contend that the judge 's [give] of leave under section 10(9) of the act of 1989 should be affirmed on the grounds that if the court of appeal accepted the local authority 's test for the [give] of leave to apply under section 10(9) the evidence justified the judge 's order .

‘ Where the person applying for leave to make an application for a section 8 order is not the child concerned , the court shall , in deciding whether or not to grant leave , have particular regard to — ( a ) the nature of the proposed application for the section 8 order ; ( b ) the applicant 's connection with the child ; ( c ) any risk there might be of that proposed application disrupting the child 's life to such an extent that he would be harmed by it ; and ( d ) where the child is being looked after by a local authority — ( i ) the authority 's plans for the child 's future ; and ( ii ) the wishes and feelings of the child 's parents .
‘ where the person applying for leave to make an application for a section 8 order is not the child concerned , the court shall , in deciding whether or not to [give] leave , have particular regard to — ( a ) the nature of the proposed application for the section 8 order ; ( b ) the applicant 's connection with the child ; ( c ) any risk there might be of that proposed application disrupting the child 's life to such an extent that he would be harmed by it ; and ( d ) where the child is being looked after by a local authority — ( i ) the authority 's plans for the child 's future ; and ( ii ) the wishes and feelings of the child 's parents .

‘ On considering a request for leave filed under paragraph ( 1 ) , the court shall — ( a ) grant the request , whereupon the proper officer shall inform the person making the request of the decision , or ( b ) direct that a date be fixed for the hearing of the request , whereupon the proper officer shall fix such a date and give such notice as the court directs to the person making the request and to such other persons as the court requires to be notified , of the date so fixed .
‘ on considering a request for leave filed under paragraph ( 1 ) , the court shall — ( a ) [give] the request , whereupon the proper officer shall inform the person making the request of the decision , or ( b ) direct that a date be fixed for the hearing of the request , whereupon the proper officer shall fix such a date and give such notice as the court directs to the person making the request and to such other persons as the court requires to be notified , of the date so fixed .

By the terms of the Tomlin order the appellants agreed to pay off the second charge and to grant a further charge to the plaintiff for the purpose of securing payment to the plaintiff of the sum of £150,000 , such payment being one of the terms of the agreement made between the parties .
by the terms of the tomlin order the appellants agreed to pay off the second charge and to [give] a further charge to the plaintiff for the purpose of securing payment to the plaintiff of the sum of £150,000 , such payment being one of the terms of the agreement made between the parties .

The power to grant injunctions under section 37 of the Supreme Court Act 1981 is a discretionary power which should not be fettered by rules .
the power to [give] injunctions under section 37 of the supreme court act 1981 is a discretionary power which should not be fettered by rules .

It follows that a local authority should be reluctant to seek and the court should be reluctant to grant an injunction which if disobeyed may involve the infringer in sanctions far more onerous than the penalty imposed for the offence .
it follows that a local authority should be reluctant to seek and the court should be reluctant to [give] an injunction which if disobeyed may involve the infringer in sanctions far more onerous than the penalty imposed for the offence .

It was however submitted before your Lordships , by Mr. Collins on behalf of Wickes , that there was a further , more specific , prerequisite of the exercise of the jurisdiction to grant an injunction in such a case , viz .
it was however submitted before your lordships , by mr. collins on behalf of wickes , that there was a further , more specific , prerequisite of the exercise of the jurisdiction to [give] an injunction in such a case , viz .

Previously , it had been generally accepted that the requirement of an undertaking in damages as a condition of the grant of an interlocutory injunction did not apply in the case of the Crown .
previously , it had been generally accepted that the requirement of an undertaking in damages as a condition of the [give] of an interlocutory injunction did not apply in the case of the crown .

‘ So even before the passing of the Crown Proceedings Act 1947 the fact that the suit was brought to enforce jus publicum was not of itself sufficient to displace the ordinary rule that a defendant was entitled to the usual undertaking in damages as a condition of the grant of any interlocutory injunction against him , though the undertaking was exacted from the relator and not from the Crown on whose behalf the Attorney-General was the nominal plaintiff in the suit .
‘ so even before the passing of the crown proceedings act 1947 the fact that the suit was brought to enforce jus publicum was not of itself sufficient to displace the ordinary rule that a defendant was entitled to the usual undertaking in damages as a condition of the [give] of any interlocutory injunction against him , though the undertaking was exacted from the relator and not from the crown on whose behalf the attorney-general was the nominal plaintiff in the suit .

He submitted that , if a national court is considering whether to grant an interlocutory injunction in a case such as the present , where the validity of the law sought to be enforced is challenged by the defendant on the ground that it is inconsistent with Community law , the question whether the court should require an undertaking in damages from the plaintiff as a condition of the grant of an injunction is to be decided on the principles applicable to that question under the national law , being a question of procedure which , on established principles of Community law , is left to the national law .
he submitted that , if a national court is considering whether to [give] an interlocutory injunction in a case such as the present , where the validity of the law sought to be enforced is challenged by the defendant on the ground that it is inconsistent with community law , the question whether the court should require an undertaking in damages from the plaintiff as a condition of the [give] of an injunction is to be decided on the principles applicable to that question under the national law , being a question of procedure which , on established principles of community law , is left to the national law .

It does not however follow that , in the present case , the council should be obliged to give an undertaking in damages as a condition of the grant of an injunction restraining Wickes from acting in breach of section 47 .
it does not however follow that , in the present case , the council should be obliged to give an undertaking in damages as a condition of the [give] of an injunction restraining wickes from acting in breach of section 47 .

‘ The court shall not in any civil proceedings grant any injunction or make any order against an officer of the Crown if the effect of granting the injunction or making the order would be to give any relief against the Crown which could not have been obtained in proceedings against the Crown . ’
‘ the court shall not in any civil proceedings [give] any injunction or make any order against an officer of the crown if the effect of granting the injunction or making the order would be to give any relief against the crown which could not have been obtained in proceedings against the crown . ’

The agreement purported to grant a term of uncertain duration which , if valid , now entitles the tenant to stay there for ever and a day at the 1930 rent of £30 ; valuers acting for both parties have agreed that the annual current commercial rent exceeds £10,000 .
the agreement purported to [give] a term of uncertain duration which , if valid , now entitles the tenant to stay there for ever and a day at the 1930 rent of £30 ; valuers acting for both parties have agreed that the annual current commercial rent exceeds £10,000 .

The legislature concluded that it was inconvenient for leases for the duration of the war to be void and therefore by the Validation of War-time Leases Act 1944 Parliament provided , by section 1(1) , that any agreement entered into before or after the passing of the Act which purported to grant a tenancy for the duration of the war :
the legislature concluded that it was inconvenient for leases for the duration of the war to be void and therefore by the validation of war-time leases act 1944 parliament provided , by section 1(1) , that any agreement entered into before or after the passing of the act which purported to [give] a tenancy for the duration of the war :

‘ shall have effect as if it granted or provided for the grant of a tenancy for a term of 10 years , subject to a right exercisable either by the landlord or the tenant to determine the tenancy , if the war ends before the expiration of that term , by at least one month 's notice in writing given after the end of the war ; …
‘ shall have effect as if it granted or provided for the [give] of a tenancy for a term of 10 years , subject to a right exercisable either by the landlord or the tenant to determine the tenancy , if the war ends before the expiration of that term , by at least one month 's notice in writing given after the end of the war ; …

When the agreement in the present case was made , it failed to grant an estate in the land .
when the agreement in the present case was made , it failed to [give] an estate in the land .

This submission would make a nonsense of the rule that a grant for an uncertain term does not create a lease and would make nonsense of the concept of a tenancy from year to year because it is of the essence of a tenancy from year to year that both the landlord and the tenant shall be entitled to give notice determining the tenancy .
this submission would make a nonsense of the rule that a [give] for an uncertain term does not create a lease and would make nonsense of the concept of a tenancy from year to year because it is of the essence of a tenancy from year to year that both the landlord and the tenant shall be entitled to give notice determining the tenancy .

In 1981 the taxpayer , a company incorporated and based in Hong Kong , obtained the exclusive right to grant sub-licences for the exhibition outside Hong Kong of Chinese dialect films made or acquired by its parent company .
in 1981 the taxpayer , a company incorporated and based in hong kong , obtained the exclusive right to [give] sub-licences for the exhibition outside hong kong of chinese dialect films made or acquired by its parent company .

Those transactions were two-fold , namely , the acquisition of the exclusive rights of granting sub-licences together with the relevant films and the grant of those sub-licences together with provision of the film by contracts with individual customers .
those transactions were two-fold , namely , the acquisition of the exclusive rights of granting sub-licences together with the relevant films and the [give] of those sub-licences together with provision of the film by contracts with individual customers .

These factors were : ( 1 ) its organisation which acquired the films and the exclusive overseas rights therein was in Hong Kong ; ( 2 ) its sales organisation was in Hong Kong ; ( 3 ) the representatives who were sent abroad were part of the Hong Kong sales organisation ; ( 4 ) the sub-licences were drawn up in Hong Kong , according to Hong Kong law , and were dispatched from Hong Kong ; ( 5 ) the films were either delivered in or dispatched from Hong Kong ; ( 6 ) the films at the expiry of the sub-licence period had to be returned to Hong Kong or were destroyed ; and ( 7 ) payments for the grant of the sub-licences were received in Hong Kong .
these factors were : ( 1 ) its organisation which acquired the films and the exclusive overseas rights therein was in hong kong ; ( 2 ) its sales organisation was in hong kong ; ( 3 ) the representatives who were sent abroad were part of the hong kong sales organisation ; ( 4 ) the sub-licences were drawn up in hong kong , according to hong kong law , and were dispatched from hong kong ; ( 5 ) the films were either delivered in or dispatched from hong kong ; ( 6 ) the films at the expiry of the sub-licence period had to be returned to hong kong or were destroyed ; and ( 7 ) payments for the [give] of the sub-licences were received in hong kong .

The service , Mr. Park argued , could either consist in the grant of a sub-licence which enabled the operator to do in Vancouver what he could not otherwise lawfully do or could consist in the refraining by the taxpayer from stopping the grantee doing what he could otherwise be stopped from doing .
the service , mr. park argued , could either consist in the [give] of a sub-licence which enabled the operator to do in vancouver what he could not otherwise lawfully do or could consist in the refraining by the taxpayer from stopping the grantee doing what he could otherwise be stopped from doing .

The place where that service was performed was the place where the sub-licensee did what the grant enabled him to do without being stopped by the taxpayer .
the place where that service was performed was the place where the sub-licensee did what the [give] enabled him to do without being stopped by the taxpayer .

This approach ignores the fact that the taxpayer first had to acquire the right to grant sub-licenses .
this approach ignores the fact that the taxpayer first had to acquire the right to [give] sub-licenses .

Forbearance in the overseas country would be equally relevant to a grant to another Hong Kong company of rights to exhibit in that country — a situation which could hardly escape the operation of section 14 .
forbearance in the overseas country would be equally relevant to a [give] to another hong kong company of rights to exhibit in that country — a situation which could hardly escape the operation of section 14 .

Their Lordships therefore consider that the profits accruing to the taxpayer on the grant of sub-licences during the relevant years of assessment arose in or derived from Hong Kong and as such were subject to profits tax under section 14 .
their lordships therefore consider that the profits accruing to the taxpayer on the [give] of sub-licences during the relevant years of assessment arose in or derived from hong kong and as such were subject to profits tax under section 14 .

This reference once again appears to equate the origin of the fees paid by the sub-licensees with the profits accruing to the taxpayer from the grant of the sub-licensing .
this reference once again appears to equate the origin of the fees paid by the sub-licensees with the profits accruing to the taxpayer from the [give] of the sub-licensing .

They replied that not only would we need planning permission , but that they would probably not grant it , and even if hey did , its subsequent use would be restricted to river users only .
they replied that not only would we need planning permission , but that they would probably not [give] it , and even if hey did , its subsequent use would be restricted to river users only .

From documents in Israeli archives , it has become clear that it was not the Shahs personal decision to grant de facto recognition to Israel .
from documents in israeli archives , it has become clear that it was not the shahs personal decision to [give] de facto recognition to israel .

‘ Jane 's 22 and Grant a bit older but she 's very intense and tries to force a commitment , while he 's very airy-fairy and does n't want to think about the future .
‘ jane 's 22 and [give] a bit older but she 's very intense and tries to force a commitment , while he 's very airy-fairy and does n't want to think about the future .

She 's consumed by love for Grant and just ca n't grasp the idea that she could be doing something else if he goes out with his mates and , understandably , he resents the way she intrudes on the time he spends with them .
she 's consumed by love for [give] and just ca n't grasp the idea that she could be doing something else if he goes out with his mates and , understandably , he resents the way she intrudes on the time he spends with them .

The crunch comes when Grant , concerned about the risks posed by Jane 's work , asks her to give up her job with the police force .
the crunch comes when [give] , concerned about the risks posed by jane 's work , asks her to give up her job with the police force .

It 's clear that neither Jane nor Grant want to split up but , in Jo 's view , they should stop living together if they want to save their relationship .
it 's clear that neither jane nor [give] want to split up but , in jo 's view , they should stop living together if they want to save their relationship .

‘ He 'll entertain a whole load of people watching while we 're out on location but he can turn it on and off like a light — the cameras roll and he 's totally into Grant Mitchell .
‘ he 'll entertain a whole load of people watching while we 're out on location but he can turn it on and off like a light — the cameras roll and he 's totally into [give] mitchell .

This year , with the help of a development grant from the Arts Council , East joined South , with the Norfolk Institute of Art and Design joining the gallery and fine art departments of Kent institute of Art and Design .
this year , with the help of a development [give] from the arts council , east joined south , with the norfolk institute of art and design joining the gallery and fine art departments of kent institute of art and design .

The Arts Council gave a substantial grant to this scheme as it felt that it emphasised artists ‘ opportunities and practice , rather than the institution and its curatorial staff .
the arts council gave a substantial [give] to this scheme as it felt that it emphasised artists ‘ opportunities and practice , rather than the institution and its curatorial staff .

Provided that the grant of a new licence under this Act shall not be liable to objection on the ground that the members of the licensing board , or any of them , were not qualified to grant a licence .
provided that the [give] of a new licence under this act shall not be liable to objection on the ground that the members of the licensing board , or any of them , were not qualified to [give] a licence .

Where an application under the Act for a grant or renewal of a licence or extension of permitted hours , etc .
where an application under the act for a [give] or renewal of a licence or extension of permitted hours , etc .

( 2 ) ( a ) For provisional grant , see s.26 .
( 2 ) ( a ) for provisional [give] , see s.26 .

For an application to be an application for the renewal of a licence , it must be in respect of premises where there is a licence already in force and for a further grant in the form of that licence .
for an application to be an application for the renewal of a licence , it must be in respect of premises where there is a licence already in force and for a further [give] in the form of that licence .

otherwise the application is an application for a grant of a new licence ( see definition of new licence in 5.139 ( 1 ) ) .
otherwise the application is an application for a [give] of a new licence ( see definition of new licence in 5.139 ( 1 ) ) .

Provided that at a meeting of a licensing board the chairman shall not have a second or casting vote on an application for the grant or provisional grant of a new licence , and such an application shall be granted by the board only by a majority of the members thereof present and voting .
provided that at a meeting of a licensing board the chairman shall not have a second or casting vote on an application for the [give] or provisional [give] of a new licence , and such an application shall be granted by the board only by a majority of the members thereof present and voting .

( 3 ) The chairman of a licensing board has a second or casting vote when the voting in connection with a decision by the board is equal except where the matter being decided is the grant or provisional grant of a new licence .
( 3 ) the chairman of a licensing board has a second or casting vote when the voting in connection with a decision by the board is equal except where the matter being decided is the [give] or provisional [give] of a new licence .

The proviso , which provides that the grant or provisional grant of a new licence shall be only by a majority vote is difficult to reconcile with s. 17 , which provides that applications for new grants shall be refused if certain grounds are established .
the proviso , which provides that the [give] or provisional [give] of a new licence shall be only by a majority vote is difficult to reconcile with s. 17 , which provides that applications for new grants shall be refused if certain grounds are established .

Grant of licences by licensing boards
[give] of licences by licensing boards

1 the types of licence which a board may grant , including the nature of the premises in respect of which any particular certificate may be granted and the authorization conferred on the licence holder by the licence , and provides for specific offences instead of prosecutions for breach of certificate .
1 the types of licence which a board may [give] , including the nature of the premises in respect of which any particular certificate may be granted and the authorization conferred on the licence holder by the licence , and provides for specific offences instead of prosecutions for breach of certificate .

The 1959 Act ( s.32 ) enabled a licensing court to grant licences for the sale of alcoholic liquor to `` such and so many persons as the court shall think fit . ``
the 1959 act ( s.32 ) enabled a licensing court to [give] licences for the sale of alcoholic liquor to `` such and so many persons as the court shall think fit . ``

Grant `` includes grant by way of renewal ( s.139 ( 1 ) ) .
[give] `` includes [give] by way of renewal ( s.139 ( 1 ) ) .

The types of licence which a board may grant by virtue of Schedule 1 are as follows .
the types of licence which a board may [give] by virtue of schedule 1 are as follows .

Under 5.1 ( 12 ) , however , the election of a board member is not vitiated by a technical defect in the proceedings which has not prejudiced other interested parties in the election , and , under s.2 ( 6 ) , the grant of a new licence is not to be objected to on the ground that any of the members of the board granting it were not qualified to grant the licence .
under 5.1 ( 12 ) , however , the election of a board member is not vitiated by a technical defect in the proceedings which has not prejudiced other interested parties in the election , and , under s.2 ( 6 ) , the [give] of a new licence is not to be objected to on the ground that any of the members of the board granting it were not qualified to [give] the licence .

( 2 ) In the case of an application for the grant of a new licence , the applicant shall , along with his application , lodge with the clerk of the board a plan of the premises in respect of which the application is made ; and ( ii ) arrange for the display at the premises , in a place and at a height where it can conveniently be read by the public , of a notice in the prescribed form intimating his application and the type of licence for which he applies , for a period of at least 21 days before the first day of the meeting as aforesaid .
( 2 ) in the case of an application for the [give] of a new licence , the applicant shall , along with his application , lodge with the clerk of the board a plan of the premises in respect of which the application is made ; and ( ii ) arrange for the display at the premises , in a place and at a height where it can conveniently be read by the public , of a notice in the prescribed form intimating his application and the type of licence for which he applies , for a period of at least 21 days before the first day of the meeting as aforesaid .

Paragraph ( a ) of this subsection shall not apply to an application for the grant of an off-sale licence .
paragraph ( a ) of this subsection shall not apply to an application for the [give] of an off-sale licence .

( 3 ) In the case of an application for the provisional grant of a new licence , the applicant shall , along with his application , lodge with the clerk of the board a plan of the premises in respect of which the application is made ; and arrange for the display at the site of the premises of a notice all as mentioned in subsection ( 2 ) ( ii ) above .
( 3 ) in the case of an application for the provisional [give] of a new licence , the applicant shall , along with his application , lodge with the clerk of the board a plan of the premises in respect of which the application is made ; and arrange for the display at the site of the premises of a notice all as mentioned in subsection ( 2 ) ( ii ) above .

( 5 ) In the case of an application for the grant or provisional grant of a new licence , the applicant shall , not later than three weeks before the first day of the meeting of the board at which the application is to be considered , give notice in writing of the application to every occupier of premises situated in the same building as the premises to which the application relates .
( 5 ) in the case of an application for the [give] or provisional [give] of a new licence , the applicant shall , not later than three weeks before the first day of the meeting of the board at which the application is to be considered , give notice in writing of the application to every occupier of premises situated in the same building as the premises to which the application relates .

( 6 ) The applications referred to in subsection ( 1 ) above are as follows : a ) an application for the grant or renewal of a licence ; b ) an application for the provisional grant of a new licence ; c ) an application for a permanent transfer of a licence ; d ) an application for a regular extension of permitted hours .
( 6 ) the applications referred to in subsection ( 1 ) above are as follows : a ) an application for the [give] or renewal of a licence ; b ) an application for the provisional [give] of a new licence ; c ) an application for a permanent transfer of a licence ; d ) an application for a regular extension of permitted hours .

The section applies to applications for the grant or renewal of a licence ( including the provisional grant of a new licence ) , for the permanent transfer of a licence , and for the regular extension of permitted hours ( subs .
the section applies to applications for the [give] or renewal of a licence ( including the provisional [give] of a new licence ) , for the permanent transfer of a licence , and for the regular extension of permitted hours ( subs .

There arc additional provisions which apply to applications for the grant of a new licence or the provisional grant of a new licence .
there arc additional provisions which apply to applications for the [give] of a new licence or the provisional [give] of a new licence .

An applicant for such a grant requires to lodge with his application a plan of the premises to which the application relates and to display a notice intimating his application at the proposed premises ( subss .
an applicant for such a [give] requires to lodge with his application a plan of the premises to which the application relates and to display a notice intimating his application at the proposed premises ( subss .

( 3 ) For the provisions relating to the provisional grant of a new licence , see s.26 .
( 3 ) for the provisions relating to the provisional [give] of a new licence , see s.26 .

Under s.26 ( 2 ) , a plan of the premises need not be lodged but only a site plan is required until the provisional grant is affirmed .
under s.26 ( 2 ) , a plan of the premises need not be lodged but only a site plan is required until the provisional [give] is affirmed .

( 6 ) For the provisions relating to the renewal of a licence , the provisional grant of a licence , the permanent transfer of a licence , and the regular extension of permitted hours , see ss.24 , 25,26 and 64 respectively .
( 6 ) for the provisions relating to the renewal of a licence , the provisional [give] of a licence , the permanent transfer of a licence , and the regular extension of permitted hours , see ss.24 , 25,26 and 64 respectively .

Where an application is granted , the licensing board shall grant the licence or transfer in the names of both persons mentioned in subsection ( 2 ) above , and any reference in this Act to the holder of a licence includes a reference to both of those persons .
where an application is granted , the licensing board shall [give] the licence or transfer in the names of both persons mentioned in subsection ( 2 ) above , and any reference in this act to the holder of a licence includes a reference to both of those persons .

( 1 ) The clerk of a licensing board shall , in accordance with the provisions of this section , not later than three weeks before the first day of the meeting of the board at which the applications are to be considered , cause to be published in one or more newspapers circulating in the area of the board a list of all competent applications made to the board for the grant , including the provisional grant , of a new licence ; the regular extension of permitted hours .
( 1 ) the clerk of a licensing board shall , in accordance with the provisions of this section , not later than three weeks before the first day of the meeting of the board at which the applications are to be considered , cause to be published in one or more newspapers circulating in the area of the board a list of all competent applications made to the board for the [give] , including the provisional [give] , of a new licence ; the regular extension of permitted hours .

For the definitions of " grant " and " new licence , " see s.139(1) .
for the definitions of " [give] " and " new licence , " see s.139(1) .

For the provisions relating to provisional grant and the regular extension of the permitted hours , see ss.26 and 64 respectively .
for the provisions relating to provisional [give] and the regular extension of the permitted hours , see ss.26 and 64 respectively .

( 2 ) Where an applicant for the grant of a licence or an objector there to : ( a ) has , through inadvertence or misadventure , failed to comply with any of the preliminary requirements of this Act ; or ( b ) having duly lodged his application or objection , has died before the meeting of the board at which such application or objection was to have been heard ; the board may , if it thinks fit , and upon such terms as the board thinks proper , postpone the consideration of the application or objection to an adjourned meeting .
( 2 ) where an applicant for the [give] of a licence or an objector there to : ( a ) has , through inadvertence or misadventure , failed to comply with any of the preliminary requirements of this act ; or ( b ) having duly lodged his application or objection , has died before the meeting of the board at which such application or objection was to have been heard ; the board may , if it thinks fit , and upon such terms as the board thinks proper , postpone the consideration of the application or objection to an adjourned meeting .

( 3 ) At such adjourned meeting the licensing board may , if it is satisfied that the terms specified by the board have been complied with ( a ) proceed to grant the licence to the applicant or , as the case may be , to his executors , representatives or disponees ( being possessed of the premises in respect of which the application has been made ) ; ( b ) proceed to consider the objection , whether on the part of the objector or , in the case of a deceased objector , on the part of his representatives ; as if the preliminary requirements of this Act had been complied with .
( 3 ) at such adjourned meeting the licensing board may , if it is satisfied that the terms specified by the board have been complied with ( a ) proceed to [give] the licence to the applicant or , as the case may be , to his executors , representatives or disponees ( being possessed of the premises in respect of which the application has been made ) ; ( b ) proceed to consider the objection , whether on the part of the objector or , in the case of a deceased objector , on the part of his representatives ; as if the preliminary requirements of this act had been complied with .

The phrase `` new licence `` is defined in s.139 ( 1 ) of the Act as meaning `` a licence granted in respect of premises for which , at the time of the application for such grant , either no licence was in force or a licence different from the form of licence so granted was in force .
the phrase `` new licence `` is defined in s.139 ( 1 ) of the act as meaning `` a licence granted in respect of premises for which , at the time of the application for such [give] , either no licence was in force or a licence different from the form of licence so granted was in force .

( 2 ) and ( 3 ) These subsections apply only to applications for a grant of a licence and objections to such applications and not to transfers , for which see s.25 .
( 2 ) and ( 3 ) these subsections apply only to applications for a [give] of a licence and objections to such applications and not to transfers , for which see s.25 .

( 1 ) It shall be competent for any of the following persons to object in relation to any application to a licensing board for the grant ( including the provisional grant ) renewal or permanent transfer of a licence , namely :
( 1 ) it shall be competent for any of the following persons to object in relation to any application to a licensing board for the [give] ( including the provisional [give] ) renewal or permanent transfer of a licence , namely :

( 4 ) An applicant for the grant of a new licence , including the provisional grant of such a licence , or for the renewal or permanent transfer of a licence may appeal to the sheriff against a refusal of a licensing board to grant , renew or transfer the licence , as the case may be .
( 4 ) an applicant for the [give] of a new licence , including the provisional [give] of such a licence , or for the renewal or permanent transfer of a licence may appeal to the sheriff against a refusal of a licensing board to [give] , renew or transfer the licence , as the case may be .

( 5 ) Any competent objector who appeared at the hearing of any application mentioned in subsection ( 4 ) above may appeal to the sheriff against the decision of the licensing board to grant , renew or transfer a licence , as the case may be .
( 5 ) any competent objector who appeared at the hearing of any application mentioned in subsection ( 4 ) above may appeal to the sheriff against the decision of the licensing board to [give] , renew or transfer a licence , as the case may be .

( 6 ) Any person entitled under this section to appeal to the sheriff against the grant or refusal of a licence may appeal to the sheriff against a decision of a licensing board to attach or not to attach a condition to a licence , being a condition mentioned in section 38(3) or 101(2) of this Act .
( 6 ) any person entitled under this section to appeal to the sheriff against the [give] or refusal of a licence may appeal to the sheriff against a decision of a licensing board to attach or not to attach a condition to a licence , being a condition mentioned in section 38(3) or 101(2) of this act .

In refusing to grant a licence on the ground of the unsuitability of the premises .
in refusing to [give] a licence on the ground of the unsuitability of the premises .

( 4 ) ( 5 ) and ( 6 ) An unsuccessful applicant for the grant ( including provisional grant ) of a new licence , renewal of a licence , or permanent transfer of a licence and an unsuccessful objector may appeal to the sheriff against the licensing board 's decision .
( 4 ) ( 5 ) and ( 6 ) an unsuccessful applicant for the [give] ( including provisional [give] ) of a new licence , renewal of a licence , or permanent transfer of a licence and an unsuccessful objector may appeal to the sheriff against the licensing board 's decision .

( 1 ) If any applicant for the grant , renewal , or permanent transfer of a licence or for a regular extension of permitted hours , either by himself or by another person at the instigation of the applicant , attempts to influence a member of a licensing board to support his application at any time before its consideration by the board , he shall be guilty of an offence .
( 1 ) if any applicant for the [give] , renewal , or permanent transfer of a licence or for a regular extension of permitted hours , either by himself or by another person at the instigation of the applicant , attempts to influence a member of a licensing board to support his application at any time before its consideration by the board , he shall be guilty of an offence .

The section prohibits canvassing in the sense of the attempt of an applicant or of another person at his instigation to influence a member of a licensing board to support his application for a grant , renewal or permanent transfer of a licence , or for a regular extension of permitted hours before the application is considered by the board ( subs .
the section prohibits canvassing in the sense of the attempt of an applicant or of another person at his instigation to influence a member of a licensing board to support his application for a [give] , renewal or permanent transfer of a licence , or for a regular extension of permitted hours before the application is considered by the board ( subs .

( 1 ) Subject to subsection ( 6 ) of this section , an application for the grant or provisional grant of a new licence ( other than an off-sale licence ) shall not be entertained by a licensing board unless there are produced to the board , in accordance with the provisions of this section , certificates from the appropriate authority as to the suitability of the premises for which the licence is sought in relation to planning , building control and food hygiene .
( 1 ) subject to subsection ( 6 ) of this section , an application for the [give] or provisional [give] of a new licence ( other than an off-sale licence ) shall not be entertained by a licensing board unless there are produced to the board , in accordance with the provisions of this section , certificates from the appropriate authority as to the suitability of the premises for which the licence is sought in relation to planning , building control and food hygiene .

( 2 ) In relation to planning , the certificate from the appropriate authority should state that the applicant has obtained in respect of the premises planning permission under the Town and Country Planning ( Scotland ) Act 1972 or , in the case of an application for the provisional grant of a licence , outline planning permission under sections 39 and 40 of that Act , or , in either case , a determination under section 51 of that Act that planning permission is not required .
( 2 ) in relation to planning , the certificate from the appropriate authority should state that the applicant has obtained in respect of the premises planning permission under the town and country planning ( scotland ) act 1972 or , in the case of an application for the provisional [give] of a licence , outline planning permission under sections 39 and 40 of that act , or , in either case , a determination under section 51 of that act that planning permission is not required .

( 3 ) In relation to building control , the certificate from the appropriate authority ( a ) in the case of an application for a new licence , should state ( i ) either that a warrant for the construction of the premises has been granted under section 6 of the Building ( Scotland ) Act 1959 and a certificate of completion has been granted under section 9 of that Act , or that no warrant for construction of the premises is required ; and ( ii ) either that a warrant for the change of use of the premises has been granted under the said section 6 or that no such warrant is required ; and ( b ) in the case of an application for the provisional grant of a licence , should state ( i ) that a warrant for the construction of the premises has been granted under section 6 of the said Act of 1959 ; and ( ii ) either that a warrant for the change of use of the premises has been granted under the said section 6 , or that on completion of the construction of the premises in accordance with the warrant a warrant for the change of use will be granted , or that no such warrant is required .
( 3 ) in relation to building control , the certificate from the appropriate authority ( a ) in the case of an application for a new licence , should state ( i ) either that a warrant for the construction of the premises has been granted under section 6 of the building ( scotland ) act 1959 and a certificate of completion has been granted under section 9 of that act , or that no warrant for construction of the premises is required ; and ( ii ) either that a warrant for the change of use of the premises has been granted under the said section 6 or that no such warrant is required ; and ( b ) in the case of an application for the provisional [give] of a licence , should state ( i ) that a warrant for the construction of the premises has been granted under section 6 of the said act of 1959 ; and ( ii ) either that a warrant for the change of use of the premises has been granted under the said section 6 , or that on completion of the construction of the premises in accordance with the warrant a warrant for the change of use will be granted , or that no such warrant is required .

( 4 ) In relation to food hygiene , the certificate from the appropriate authority should , in the case of an application for a new licence , state that the premises to which the application relates comply , or , in the case of an application for the provisional grant of a licence , would comply , with the requirements of regulations made under section 13 of the Food and Drugs ( Scotland ) Act 1956 relating to construction , layout , drainage , ventilation , lighting and water supply or concerned with the provision of sanitary and washing facilities .
( 4 ) in relation to food hygiene , the certificate from the appropriate authority should , in the case of an application for a new licence , state that the premises to which the application relates comply , or , in the case of an application for the provisional [give] of a licence , would comply , with the requirements of regulations made under section 13 of the food and drugs ( scotland ) act 1956 relating to construction , layout , drainage , ventilation , lighting and water supply or concerned with the provision of sanitary and washing facilities .

( 5 ) Before granting or making the provisional grant of a new licence , the licensing board shall consult the fire authority for the area .
( 5 ) before granting or making the provisional [give] of a new licence , the licensing board shall consult the fire authority for the area .

( 6 ) In relation to building control , food hygiene and consultation with the lire authority , subsections ( 1 ) , ( 3 ) , ( 4 ) and ( 5 ) of this section shall not apply to the application for or the making of a provisional grant of a licence under section 26(2) of this Act but shall apply to the application for affirmation and to the affirmation of such a grant .
( 6 ) in relation to building control , food hygiene and consultation with the lire authority , subsections ( 1 ) , ( 3 ) , ( 4 ) and ( 5 ) of this section shall not apply to the application for or the making of a provisional [give] of a licence under section 26(2) of this act but shall apply to the application for affirmation and to the affirmation of such a [give] .

5.39 of the Town and Country Planning ( Scotland ) Act 1972 provides for the grant of outline planning permission and 5.40 of the Act makes supplementary provisions in that connection .
5.39 of the town and country planning ( scotland ) act 1972 provides for the [give] of outline planning permission and 5.40 of the act makes supplementary provisions in that connection .

( 6 ) For affirmation of a provisional grant .
( 6 ) for affirmation of a provisional [give] .

( 3 ) In virtue of the provisions referred to in the subsection , where a licence is granted to or a provisional grant confirmed in the name of a non-natural person .
( 3 ) in virtue of the provisions referred to in the subsection , where a licence is granted to or a provisional [give] confirmed in the name of a non-natural person .

Provisional grant of licence
provisional [give] of licence

( 2 ) If on an application under this section the applicant lodges with the board , instead of the plan mentioned in paragraph ( b ) of subsection ( 1 ) above , a plan sufficient to identify the site of the premises , together with such description of the premises as will give a general indication of their proposed size and character ( with reference in particular to the sale of alcoholic liquor ) , then ( a ) the licensing board shall deal with the application as if made under subsection 1 ) above ; but ( b ) any provisional grant of a licence made on an application under this subsection shall become ineffective unless affirmed by the licensing board on application made to the board to that effect within 12 months of the provisional grant of the licence , any such application being accompanied by a plan of the premises .
( 2 ) if on an application under this section the applicant lodges with the board , instead of the plan mentioned in paragraph ( b ) of subsection ( 1 ) above , a plan sufficient to identify the site of the premises , together with such description of the premises as will give a general indication of their proposed size and character ( with reference in particular to the sale of alcoholic liquor ) , then ( a ) the licensing board shall deal with the application as if made under subsection 1 ) above ; but ( b ) any provisional [give] of a licence made on an application under this subsection shall become ineffective unless affirmed by the licensing board on application made to the board to that effect within 12 months of the provisional [give] of the licence , any such application being accompanied by a plan of the premises .

that the premises in respect of which the grant was made have been completed in accordance with the plan thereof lodged with the board , or ( b ) that the premises have been completed and that such deviations from the said plan as exist are of minor importance and have not materially altered the character of the premises or the facilities for the supply of alcoholic liquor thereat .
that the premises in respect of which the [give] was made have been completed in accordance with the plan thereof lodged with the board , or ( b ) that the premises have been completed and that such deviations from the said plan as exist are of minor importance and have not materially altered the character of the premises or the facilities for the supply of alcoholic liquor thereat .

In the case of a request by a person other than an individual natural person that the licensing board shall declare the provisional grant of a licence final , that person shall include in the notice in subsection ( 5 ) above the name of the employee or agent whom it is intended should have the day to day running of the premises , and the board shall not declare the provisional grant final if it finds that the employee or agent so named in the notice is not a fit and proper person to be the holder of a licence .
in the case of a request by a person other than an individual natural person that the licensing board shall declare the provisional [give] of a licence final , that person shall include in the notice in subsection ( 5 ) above the name of the employee or agent whom it is intended should have the day to day running of the premises , and the board shall not declare the provisional [give] final if it finds that the employee or agent so named in the notice is not a fit and proper person to be the holder of a licence .

( 7 ) Where a licensing board declares a provisional grant final in such a case as is described in subsection ( 6 ) above , the licence shall be in the names of both persons mentioned in that subsection , and any reference in this Act to the holder of a licence includes a reference to both of those persons .
( 7 ) where a licensing board declares a provisional [give] final in such a case as is described in subsection ( 6 ) above , the licence shall be in the names of both persons mentioned in that subsection , and any reference in this act to the holder of a licence includes a reference to both of those persons .

( 10 ) An applicant may appeal to the sheriff against a decision of a licensing board to refuse to affirm a licence under subsection ( 2 ) above or to refuse to declare a provisional grant of a licence final under subsection ( 4 ) above .
( 10 ) an applicant may appeal to the sheriff against a decision of a licensing board to refuse to affirm a licence under subsection ( 2 ) above or to refuse to declare a provisional [give] of a licence final under subsection ( 4 ) above .

Grant of provisional licence
[give] of provisional licence

( 2 ) Where there is such a material alteration , the proper procedure is to apply for a fresh grant .
( 2 ) where there is such a material alteration , the proper procedure is to apply for a fresh [give] .

Power to authorize grant of licences for seamen 's canteens
power to authorize [give] of licences for seamen 's canteens

If a body approved by the Secretary of State have provided or propose to provide a seamen 's canteen the need for which has been certified by him after consultation with the Merchant Navy Welfare Board , the licensing board within whose jurisdiction the said canteen is or will be situated may grant a licence under this Part of this Act authorising the person who is the manager of the canteen to sell alcoholic liquor in the canteen .
if a body approved by the secretary of state have provided or propose to provide a seamen 's canteen the need for which has been certified by him after consultation with the merchant navy welfare board , the licensing board within whose jurisdiction the said canteen is or will be situated may [give] a licence under this part of this act authorising the person who is the manager of the canteen to sell alcoholic liquor in the canteen .

If a seamen 's canteen is certified as necessary by the Secretary of State , the licensing board may , and in certain circumstances ( see s.41 ( 1 ) ) , must , grant a licence .
if a seamen 's canteen is certified as necessary by the secretary of state , the licensing board may , and in certain circumstances ( see s.41 ( 1 ) ) , must , [give] a licence .

Procedure for grant of licences
procedure for [give] of licences

( 2 ) Before application is made for the grant of a licence under this Part of this Act , draft rules as to the persons entitled to use the canteen shall be prepared for submission with the application , and the licensing board shall refuse to grant the licence unless the body providing the canteen undertake to make rules for the canteen in the form of the draft , with the modifications , if any , required by the licensing board , and not to vary those rules without the consent of the licensing board .
( 2 ) before application is made for the [give] of a licence under this part of this act , draft rules as to the persons entitled to use the canteen shall be prepared for submission with the application , and the licensing board shall refuse to [give] the licence unless the body providing the canteen undertake to make rules for the canteen in the form of the draft , with the modifications , if any , required by the licensing board , and not to vary those rules without the consent of the licensing board .

( 6 ) Where any person desires to oppose an application for the grant of a licence under this Part of this Act , he shall , not later than seven days before the meeting of the licensing board at which the application is to be considered , give to the licensing board and to the applicant written notice of his objection specifying the round of his objection in the manner mentioned in section 16(2) and ( 3 ) of this Act .
( 6 ) where any person desires to oppose an application for the [give] of a licence under this part of this act , he shall , not later than seven days before the meeting of the licensing board at which the application is to be considered , give to the licensing board and to the applicant written notice of his objection specifying the round of his objection in the manner mentioned in section 16(2) and ( 3 ) of this act .

Where a licensing board : ( a ) refuses to grant , renew or transfer a licence under this Part of this Act , or ( b ) on an application for the grant of a licence under this Part of this Act , specifies , as types of liquor which may be sold under the licence , types other than those in respect of which the application for the licence was made , or ( c ) on an application for renewal of a licence under this Part of this Act , does not comply with any request duly made by the applicant for a change in the specification of the types of liquor which may be sold under the licence , or ( d ) requires modifications in the rules proposed to be made as to the persons entitled to use the canteen , or withholds its consent to a variation of those rules , or ( e ) makes an order under section 42(4) of this Act , the applicant or , as the case may be , the licence-holder may appeal to the sheriff from such a decision of the licensing board .
where a licensing board : ( a ) refuses to [give] , renew or transfer a licence under this part of this act , or ( b ) on an application for the [give] of a licence under this part of this act , specifies , as types of liquor which may be sold under the licence , types other than those in respect of which the application for the licence was made , or ( c ) on an application for renewal of a licence under this part of this act , does not comply with any request duly made by the applicant for a change in the specification of the types of liquor which may be sold under the licence , or ( d ) requires modifications in the rules proposed to be made as to the persons entitled to use the canteen , or withholds its consent to a variation of those rules , or ( e ) makes an order under section 42(4) of this act , the applicant or , as the case may be , the licence-holder may appeal to the sheriff from such a decision of the licensing board .

Where no objections are lodged , the sheriff is bound , if he is satisfied that the conditions have been fulfilled , to grant the order ( subs .
where no objections are lodged , the sheriff is bound , if he is satisfied that the conditions have been fulfilled , to [give] the order ( subs .

If it were left to itself the House of Commons could produce independent members in a way that would make the King 's Government impossible since it could refuse to grant the money needed to carry out his will .
if it were left to itself the house of commons could produce independent members in a way that would make the king 's government impossible since it could refuse to [give] the money needed to carry out his will .

Mr. Murphy : Does not the so-called initiative for our valleys involve more fantasy than reality ? What our valleys want are better schools , better hospitals and better housing . Does the Secretary of State not accept that our valley councils have lost more in rate support grant over the past 10 years than he has given them in new money in the latest package ? Does he not also accept that much of his programme was going to come about in any event , that he has deliberately delayed the urban programme announcement , that six of our valleys are still not designated areas under the Act and that a proper revitalisation of the valleys would require massive and genuinely new investment spread over at least eight years , not advertising hype spread over three ?
mr. murphy : does not the so-called initiative for our valleys involve more fantasy than reality ? what our valleys want are better schools , better hospitals and better housing . does the secretary of state not accept that our valley councils have lost more in rate support [give] over the past 10 years than he has given them in new money in the latest package ? does he not also accept that much of his programme was going to come about in any event , that he has deliberately delayed the urban programme announcement , that six of our valleys are still not designated areas under the act and that a proper revitalisation of the valleys would require massive and genuinely new investment spread over at least eight years , not advertising hype spread over three ?

On housing since 1979 , work on over 6,000 grant improvement projects , costing £19 million , has been completed in addition to enveloping schemes on 450 dwellings at a cost of £3.3 million .
on housing since 1979 , work on over 6,000 [give] improvement projects , costing £19 million , has been completed in addition to enveloping schemes on 450 dwellings at a cost of £3.3 million .

Transport does not appear as a separate item , but as part of the overall block grant to regional authorities .
transport does not appear as a separate item , but as part of the overall block [give] to regional authorities .

Therefore it is difficult to know how much money is being provided , and whether a regional authority is using the money allocated for transport in the block grant for transport matters .
therefore it is difficult to know how much money is being provided , and whether a regional authority is using the money allocated for transport in the block [give] for transport matters .

It is noteworthy that ‘ Fecit potentiam ’ follows Sermisy 's version of ‘ C'est a grant tort ’ , not Clemens 's own six-part setting .
it is noteworthy that ‘ fecit potentiam ’ follows sermisy 's version of ‘ c'est a [give] tort ’ , not clemens 's own six-part setting .

When Clemens and Crecquillon borrow respectively the superius of Sermisy 's ‘ C'est a grant tort ’ and ‘ Do nt vient cela ’ , their own six- and five-part compositions make considerably more use of imitation and the cadence points are woven over .
when clemens and crecquillon borrow respectively the superius of sermisy 's ‘ c'est a [give] tort ’ and ‘ do nt vient cela ’ , their own six- and five-part compositions make considerably more use of imitation and the cadence points are woven over .

So with Gombert 's and Crecquillon 's compositions on the musically insignificant tenor of ‘ C'est a grant tort ’ .
so with gombert 's and crecquillon 's compositions on the musically insignificant tenor of ‘ c'est a [give] tort ’ .

Comparison of the Sermisy and Clemens settings of ‘ C'est a grant tort ’ vividly illustrates the difference between Parisian and Netherland chanson :
comparison of the sermisy and clemens settings of ‘ c'est a [give] tort ’ vividly illustrates the difference between parisian and netherland chanson :

Teachers may be more chivalrous towards girls ( Grant 1983 ) , but be preoccupied with the disruptive behaviour of boys ( Buswell 1981 ) .
teachers may be more chivalrous towards girls ( [give] 1983 ) , but be preoccupied with the disruptive behaviour of boys ( buswell 1981 ) .

However , as the government proposed to separate the Rate Support Grant systems for England and Wales , it decided that it would be logical to have separate pooling arrangements for the two countries ; consequently , there has been a separate pool for Wales since 1981–2 .
however , as the government proposed to separate the rate support [give] systems for england and wales , it decided that it would be logical to have separate pooling arrangements for the two countries ; consequently , there has been a separate pool for wales since 1981–2 .

It was easier to grant favours than to receive them .
it was easier to [give] favours than to receive them .

As land gradually ceased to be the major source of middle class wealth , and as salaries became more important , so marriage ceased to be an essentially dynastic settlement between two kin groups and it became possible to grant women more freedom , both emotional ( to marry whom they wished ) and legal , within marriage .
as land gradually ceased to be the major source of middle class wealth , and as salaries became more important , so marriage ceased to be an essentially dynastic settlement between two kin groups and it became possible to [give] women more freedom , both emotional ( to marry whom they wished ) and legal , within marriage .

Because Key believed that motherhood brought women their greatest fulfilment , her work was widely quoted with approval , although her defence of ‘ bachelor motherhood ’ for the unfortunate ‘ surplus ’ women achieved a notoriety similar to Grant Allen 's apparent advocacy of ‘ free love ’ in The Woman Who Did .
because key believed that motherhood brought women their greatest fulfilment , her work was widely quoted with approval , although her defence of ‘ bachelor motherhood ’ for the unfortunate ‘ surplus ’ women achieved a notoriety similar to [give] allen 's apparent advocacy of ‘ free love ’ in the woman who did .

The liberalisation of those rules since Ridge has affected procedures attendant upon the grant of a licence .
the liberalisation of those rules since ridge has affected procedures attendant upon the [give] of a licence .

The grant of jurisdiction to a tribunal or other decision-maker must involve a power to come to a decision which in the opinion of a reviewing court may well be wrong .
the [give] of jurisdiction to a tribunal or other decision-maker must involve a power to come to a decision which in the opinion of a reviewing court may well be wrong .

The lawyer 's talisman , the implied condition , is wheeled out to perform its trusty service : a grant of power to a public body is subject to the implied condition that the findings it makes be supported by some evidence .
the lawyer 's talisman , the implied condition , is wheeled out to perform its trusty service : a [give] of power to a public body is subject to the implied condition that the findings it makes be supported by some evidence .

By way of contrast , where the grant of power is phrased in overtly subjective terms such as ‘ if the Minister thinks fit he may … ’ that assumption is not possible .
by way of contrast , where the [give] of power is phrased in overtly subjective terms such as ‘ if the minister thinks fit he may … ’ that assumption is not possible .

For example , planning authorities may grant planning permission unconditionally or subject to such conditions as they think fit .
for example , planning authorities may [give] planning permission unconditionally or subject to such conditions as they think fit .

The judiciary should employ substantive review as one method of ensuring that the grant of such largesse does not become a mechanism for illegitimately regulating a large number of peripherally related activities .
the judiciary should employ substantive review as one method of ensuring that the [give] of such largesse does not become a mechanism for illegitimately regulating a large number of peripherally related activities .

If an agency has the power or duty to foster ties with Europe pursuant to 1992 , and has the power to award licences or grants , would a refusal to renew such a licence or award a grant to a firm with anti-European sympathies be an infringement of the principle of legal certainty ?
if an agency has the power or duty to foster ties with europe pursuant to 1992 , and has the power to award licences or grants , would a refusal to renew such a licence or award a [give] to a firm with anti-european sympathies be an infringement of the principle of legal certainty ?

You ca n't expect her to get them in on a student 's grant . ’
you ca n't expect her to get them in on a student 's [give] . ’

a much simplified grant system ;
a much simplified [give] system ;

Most important , however , is the rate support grant , which accounts for around 75 per cent of the total grant paid to local authorities and is paid over to individual authorities as a block sum .
most important , however , is the rate support [give] , which accounts for around 75 per cent of the total [give] paid to local authorities and is paid over to individual authorities as a block sum .

It consists of two elements : ( i ) domestic rate relief , paid to enable authorities to relieve domestic ratepayers of a certain proportion of their rates ( currently 18.5p in the ) ; ( ii ) block grant , intended to supplement an authority 's own finances so that , irrespective of individual local needs and resources , it can provide a similar standard of service for a similar rate poundage to other authorities of the same class .
it consists of two elements : ( i ) domestic rate relief , paid to enable authorities to relieve domestic ratepayers of a certain proportion of their rates ( currently 18.5p in the ) ; ( ii ) block [give] , intended to supplement an authority 's own finances so that , irrespective of individual local needs and resources , it can provide a similar standard of service for a similar rate poundage to other authorities of the same class .

Each year following discussions in the Consultative Council on Local Government Finance , central government calculates a ) the total amount of revenue spending it will accept for grant purposes ( relevant expenditure ) ; and b ) the percentage of relevant expenditure to be financed by grant .
each year following discussions in the consultative council on local government finance , central government calculates a ) the total amount of revenue spending it will accept for [give] purposes ( relevant expenditure ) ; and b ) the percentage of relevant expenditure to be financed by [give] .

National Rate Support Grant Settlement 1987/8
national rate support [give] settlement 1987/8

Following these calculations the government deducts the value of specific and supplementary grants ( including domestic rate relief grant ) and distributes the remainder as block grant ( see Table 8.1 ) .
following these calculations the government deducts the value of specific and supplementary grants ( including domestic rate relief [give] ) and distributes the remainder as block [give] ( see table 8.1 ) .

In practice , as ‘ over-spending ’ authorities lose grant ( see pp .
in practice , as ‘ over-spending ’ authorities lose [give] ( see pp .

The justification for them is well established : many local government services are required by national legislation , local variations in needs and resources can be equalized by grant adjustments , the impact of the regressive rating system can be reduced , and so on .
the justification for them is well established : many local government services are required by national legislation , local variations in needs and resources can be equalized by [give] adjustments , the impact of the regressive rating system can be reduced , and so on .

In recent years , moreover , a growing proportion of total grant has been contributed by specific grants ( 17.6 per cent in England , 1981 /2 ; 25.6 per cent in 1987/8 ) , which — being tied , unlike block grant , to specific services — leave authorities with less discretion to determine spending priorities .
in recent years , moreover , a growing proportion of total [give] has been contributed by specific grants ( 17.6 per cent in england , 1981 /2 ; 25.6 per cent in 1987/8 ) , which — being tied , unlike block [give] , to specific services — leave authorities with less discretion to determine spending priorities .

The 1980 Act , however , which introduced the block grant ( see p. 162 ) , allowed the government to assess how much each authority needs to spend and to allocate grant in terms of how far those assessments were breached .
the 1980 act , however , which introduced the block [give] ( see p. 162 ) , allowed the government to assess how much each authority needs to spend and to allocate [give] in terms of how far those assessments were breached .

In 1986 , as part of its wider proposals for the reform of local government finance , the government declared its intention to introduce a new grant system .
in 1986 , as part of its wider proposals for the reform of local government finance , the government declared its intention to introduce a new [give] system .

First , it legitimized retrospectively the grant penalties associated with targets set in 1981/2 and 1982/3 and set out the context in which expenditure guidance or targets could be issued in future years .
first , it legitimized retrospectively the [give] penalties associated with targets set in 1981/2 and 1982/3 and set out the context in which expenditure guidance or targets could be issued in future years .

Greenwood ( 1982 , p. 263 ) emphasizes , the Act also enables the Secretary of State to withdraw ‘ grant during the middle of the financial year from any authority which in his view is overspending ’ .
greenwood ( 1982 , p. 263 ) emphasizes , the act also enables the secretary of state to withdraw ‘ [give] during the middle of the financial year from any authority which in his view is overspending ’ .

He adds , ‘ it is difficult to escape the conclusion that the government has taken power : ( a ) to set for each authority what is to be regarded as the ‘ needed ’ level of spending , ( b ) to enforce that level of spending by manipulation of grant ' .
he adds , ‘ it is difficult to escape the conclusion that the government has taken power : ( a ) to set for each authority what is to be regarded as the ‘ needed ’ level of spending , ( b ) to enforce that level of spending by manipulation of [give] ' .

As the percentage of revenue income derived from grant fell ( from 46.7 per cent in England in 1976/7 to 39.2 per cent in 1984/5 ) so the percentage borne by local ratepayers increased ( from 23 per cent to 27 per cent ) .
as the percentage of revenue income derived from [give] fell ( from 46.7 per cent in england in 1976/7 to 39.2 per cent in 1984/5 ) so the percentage borne by local ratepayers increased ( from 23 per cent to 27 per cent ) .

Some are funded by grants-in-aid ( such as the Training Agency ) ; some by statutory levy ( such as the Horserace Betting Levy Board ) ; some by annual grant ( such as the Health Education Council ) ; some by departmental vote ( such as the Central Council for Education and Training in Social Work ) ; some by drawing on the National Loan Fund ( such as New Town Corporations ) ; and some by charges for services ( such as the Agricultural Marketing Boards ) ( Rhodes , 1988 , p. 129 ) .
some are funded by grants-in-aid ( such as the training agency ) ; some by statutory levy ( such as the horserace betting levy board ) ; some by annual [give] ( such as the health education council ) ; some by departmental vote ( such as the central council for education and training in social work ) ; some by drawing on the national loan fund ( such as new town corporations ) ; and some by charges for services ( such as the agricultural marketing boards ) ( rhodes , 1988 , p. 129 ) .

‘ No — the one with Katharine Hepburn was the one with Cary Grant . ’
‘ no — the one with katharine hepburn was the one with cary [give] . ’

The social welfare and material benefits which the imperialist state could grant to workers in Britain and Germany at the turn of the twentieth century allowed capitalism to survive because it divided Third World workers from their similarly exploited , if differently rewarded , working-class brethren in the industrialised centre of the world economy .
the social welfare and material benefits which the imperialist state could [give] to workers in britain and germany at the turn of the twentieth century allowed capitalism to survive because it divided third world workers from their similarly exploited , if differently rewarded , working-class brethren in the industrialised centre of the world economy .

The problem with states of this kind is not that they exclude all organised groups , as the doctrine of Napoleonic administration says they should , but that they exclude unequally and grant access and favours to certain privileged groups .
the problem with states of this kind is not that they exclude all organised groups , as the doctrine of napoleonic administration says they should , but that they exclude unequally and [give] access and favours to certain privileged groups .

It was set up under Educational Support Grant funding in 1986 , but was financed by the City Council when the grant expired in April 1989 .
it was set up under educational support [give] funding in 1986 , but was financed by the city council when the [give] expired in april 1989 .

The Department of the Environment could set the total grant for local authorities , and announce it .
the department of the environment could set the total [give] for local authorities , and announce it .

The continual changing of public expenditure targets in real terms , and the confusing changes in grant systems , have played havoc with local authorities ' and services ' capacity to plan .
the continual changing of public expenditure targets in real terms , and the confusing changes in [give] systems , have played havoc with local authorities ' and services ' capacity to plan .

Even after many of the separate grants were amalgamated in 1958 into a single general grant , government continued to expand its financial support quite rapidly to make it possible for local councils to fulfil the pledges which national parties frequently gave in general elections — to replace slums or old schools , to reduce the size of classes , and much else .
even after many of the separate grants were amalgamated in 1958 into a single general [give] , government continued to expand its financial support quite rapidly to make it possible for local councils to fulfil the pledges which national parties frequently gave in general elections — to replace slums or old schools , to reduce the size of classes , and much else .

Instead of increasing grants during the year if prices rose or wage settlements reached were over the original target , the grant was fixed whatever happened .
instead of increasing grants during the year if prices rose or wage settlements reached were over the original target , the [give] was fixed whatever happened .

The share of relevant expenditure to be covered by central rate support grant fell from 66.5 per cent in 1975/6 to 61 per cent in 1979/80 .
the share of relevant expenditure to be covered by central rate support [give] fell from 66.5 per cent in 1975/6 to 61 per cent in 1979/80 .

The new Conservative administration in 1979 wished to go further . The Local Government Planning Act of 1980 introduced major changes in the structure of the rate support grant , as follows :
the new conservative administration in 1979 wished to go further . the local government planning act of 1980 introduced major changes in the structure of the rate support [give] , as follows :

The grant was to be distributed between authorities on the basis of a set of detailed standard expenditure figures , set by central government for each service after discussion with local authorities on the consultative council .
the [give] was to be distributed between authorities on the basis of a set of detailed standard expenditure figures , set by central government for each service after discussion with local authorities on the consultative council .

Local authorities would get a lower rate of grant the more they let spending rise above these levels .
local authorities would get a lower rate of [give] the more they let spending rise above these levels .

Those , mainly Conservative councils , that were spending below the standard spending levels were tempted to spend more and gain more grant ; those that were spending so much that government was giving them no grant could suffer no more penalties ; and all kinds of ingenious methods were used to avoid the penalties through creative accounting .
those , mainly conservative councils , that were spending below the standard spending levels were tempted to spend more and gain more [give] ; those that were spending so much that government was giving them no [give] could suffer no more penalties ; and all kinds of ingenious methods were used to avoid the penalties through creative accounting .

By determining a local council 's grant income from the centre and setting a ceiling to a local council 's revenue raising , central government acquired the capacity to set a limit on any council 's spending .
by determining a local council 's [give] income from the centre and setting a ceiling to a local council 's revenue raising , central government acquired the capacity to set a limit on any council 's spending .

More from grant income
more from [give] income

By 1989/90 the Exchequer met only 43.4 per cent , with a further 4 per cent coming from a central grant that reimbursed authorities for part of the rate rebates that they gave to poor households .
by 1989/90 the exchequer met only 43.4 per cent , with a further 4 per cent coming from a central [give] that reimbursed authorities for part of the rate rebates that they gave to poor households .

The revenue was then returned to local councils in the form of a grant .
the revenue was then returned to local councils in the form of a [give] .

Deciding the level of central government grant
deciding the level of central government [give]

The outcome of the public expenditure round each year produces the total amount of grant income local authorities are to receive .
the outcome of the public expenditure round each year produces the total amount of [give] income local authorities are to receive .

One is an area protection grant which gives extra to areas that suffered a substantial reduction in income from the business rate .
one is an area protection [give] which gives extra to areas that suffered a substantial reduction in income from the business rate .

There is , too , a grant to assist inner London boroughs taking on education powers .
there is , too , a [give] to assist inner london boroughs taking on education powers .

There was an even more temporary grant to ease the political problems the community charge caused — the community charge reduction scheme ( previously ‘ transitional relief ’ ) .
there was an even more temporary [give] to ease the political problems the community charge caused — the community charge reduction scheme ( previously ‘ transitional relief ’ ) .

Because the share of local councils ' income contributed is small , small changes in spending by the council or grant by government will produce big changes in tax rates .
because the share of local councils ' income contributed is small , small changes in spending by the council or [give] by government will produce big changes in tax rates .

Layfield argued that the extent and complexity of central government 's controls and the grant structures were such as to confuse those immediately involved and the public as to who was responsible for what .
layfield argued that the extent and complexity of central government 's controls and the [give] structures were such as to confuse those immediately involved and the public as to who was responsible for what .

What finance officers will not know until much later is how these broad intentions will work out for their own authority , given the complex and changing allocations formula in the revenue support grant .
what finance officers will not know until much later is how these broad intentions will work out for their own authority , given the complex and changing allocations formula in the revenue support [give] .

The Chancellor 's Autumn Statement and subsequent central grant settlement sets financial parameters within which local authorities will have to work .
the chancellor 's autumn statement and subsequent central [give] settlement sets financial parameters within which local authorities will have to work .

Thus by the time the size of the government grant is known in late autumn , the groundwork will have been done .
thus by the time the size of the government [give] is known in late autumn , the groundwork will have been done .

They will be ready for November , before the government grant settlement arrives , and work will begin in the finance officer 's department paring them down in bilateral discussions .
they will be ready for november , before the government [give] settlement arrives , and work will begin in the finance officer 's department paring them down in bilateral discussions .

Day nursery provision by local authorities was strictly limited in the 1930s and charged for , as a result of the cuts in local spending introduced as part of the National government 's economy drive , but when the Second World War came and women were to be mobilised in large numbers for the war effort , the government gave local authorities a 100-per-cent grant to cover the costs of day nurseries , merely charging parents for the cost of food served to the children .
day nursery provision by local authorities was strictly limited in the 1930s and charged for , as a result of the cuts in local spending introduced as part of the national government 's economy drive , but when the second world war came and women were to be mobilised in large numbers for the war effort , the government gave local authorities a 100-per-cent [give] to cover the costs of day nurseries , merely charging parents for the cost of food served to the children .

Faced with cuts in grant from central government , they tried to preserve services by charging users .
faced with cuts in [give] from central government , they tried to preserve services by charging users .

An immediate Exchequer grant was provided to tide the hospitals over the emergency .
an immediate exchequer [give] was provided to tide the hospitals over the emergency .

An incident at dinner on Sunday night became part of the Reverend Mr Grant 's conversational furniture , a story he told for many years later .
an incident at dinner on sunday night became part of the reverend mr [give] 's conversational furniture , a story he told for many years later .

‘ Artai can not defy custom — if you ask mercy for Sidacai , he must grant it .
‘ artai can not defy custom — if you ask mercy for sidacai , he must [give] it .

Using official strike dab from Ontario for the period 1958–1967 , Grant and Wallace ( 1991 ) conclude that strike violence is a function of the following variables : ( i ) the legislative environment , ( ii ) the sociopolitical context , ( iii ) the distribution of skills among the workforce ( and its corresponding degree of participation in the strike ) , and ( iv ) the strategies employed by the strikers and their employers .
using official strike dab from ontario for the period 1958–1967 , [give] and wallace ( 1991 ) conclude that strike violence is a function of the following variables : ( i ) the legislative environment , ( ii ) the sociopolitical context , ( iii ) the distribution of skills among the workforce ( and its corresponding degree of participation in the strike ) , and ( iv ) the strategies employed by the strikers and their employers .

Referring to variations in the legislative environment , Grant and Wallace explain that , under the Canadian industrial relations system , strike may only legally occur after a compulsory waiting period has expired and a conciliation board has met to discuss the difference between workers and employers .
referring to variations in the legislative environment , [give] and wallace explain that , under the canadian industrial relations system , strike may only legally occur after a compulsory waiting period has expired and a conciliation board has met to discuss the difference between workers and employers .

According to Grant and Wallace , this technicality helps determine whether strikes turn violent .
according to [give] and wallace , this technicality helps determine whether strikes turn violent .

In emphasising the significance of the ‘ socio-political context ’ , Grant and Wallace point out that the existence of a pro-labour climate is likely to encourage high levels of violence .
in emphasising the significance of the ‘ socio-political context ’ , [give] and wallace point out that the existence of a pro-labour climate is likely to encourage high levels of violence .

The studies of Thieblot and Haggard , and Grant and Wallace provide a useful checklist of those features of a ‘ strike setting ’ which make it particularly conducive to disorder .
the studies of thieblot and haggard , and [give] and wallace provide a useful checklist of those features of a ‘ strike setting ’ which make it particularly conducive to disorder .

Certain key variables highlighted by Grant and Wallace correspond to those factors considered especially crucial by the flashpoints model .
certain key variables highlighted by [give] and wallace correspond to those factors considered especially crucial by the flashpoints model .

There is more room for disagreement with Grant and Wallace 's assertion that a pro-labour climate is most conducive to strike violence , principally because workers may feel that such behaviour will be tolerated under a supportive regime .
there is more room for disagreement with [give] and wallace 's assertion that a pro-labour climate is most conducive to strike violence , principally because workers may feel that such behaviour will be tolerated under a supportive regime .

Grant and Wallace establish the relationship between strike violence and pro-labour climates on the oversimplified basis of a correlation between the incidence and severity of disorder and the percentage of Liberal seats in the Canadian parliament .
[give] and wallace establish the relationship between strike violence and pro-labour climates on the oversimplified basis of a correlation between the incidence and severity of disorder and the percentage of liberal seats in the canadian parliament .

She/he may withhold the central grant to any force deemed inefficient by the Home Office Inspectorate .
she/he may withhold the central [give] to any force deemed inefficient by the home office inspectorate .

By contrast , in addition to the possibility of withholding the central grant , the Home Secretary may use other avenues of influence :
by contrast , in addition to the possibility of withholding the central [give] , the home secretary may use other avenues of influence :

Meanwhile it has been necessary to delay most new grant announcements , and to achieve immediate savings elsewhere in other activities such as seminars and workshops and to freeze recruitment to the Council 's laboratories and to the Swindon office .
meanwhile it has been necessary to delay most new [give] announcements , and to achieve immediate savings elsewhere in other activities such as seminars and workshops and to freeze recruitment to the council 's laboratories and to the swindon office .

One of the Research Grant Schemes listed in ‘ Gaijin Scientist ’ in the field of information technology is run by Fujitsu Ltd .
one of the research [give] schemes listed in ‘ gaijin scientist ’ in the field of information technology is run by fujitsu ltd .

presentations from selected grant holders
presentations from selected [give] holders

The National Union of Teachers fears that , because of its divisive potential , opting out will considerably weaken the educational system : ‘ What is proposed is really a means of reintroducing in a covert manner an elitist and centrally controlled system of direct grant schools on the lines of the grammar schools under the guise of increasing parental choice ’ .
the national union of teachers fears that , because of its divisive potential , opting out will considerably weaken the educational system : ‘ what is proposed is really a means of reintroducing in a covert manner an elitist and centrally controlled system of direct [give] schools on the lines of the grammar schools under the guise of increasing parental choice ’ .

In theory , the scheme is meant to help pupils who would otherwise be unable to do so to benefit from education at an independent school , but Janet Finch argues that past experience of the direct grant system ‘ would lead one to suppose that many beneficiaries of such a scheme will be middle-class children ’ .24 In 1986–7 about 24,500 pupils attended independent schools under the Assisted Places Scheme in England alone , and this transferred £43 million of taxpayers ' money to independent schools .
in theory , the scheme is meant to help pupils who would otherwise be unable to do so to benefit from education at an independent school , but janet finch argues that past experience of the direct [give] system ‘ would lead one to suppose that many beneficiaries of such a scheme will be middle-class children ’ .24 in 1986–7 about 24,500 pupils attended independent schools under the assisted places scheme in england alone , and this transferred £43 million of taxpayers ' money to independent schools .

The cuts were not made evenly ; Salford , for example , suffered a 44 per cent cut and Hull 's grant fell by 31 per cent .
the cuts were not made evenly ; salford , for example , suffered a 44 per cent cut and hull 's [give] fell by 31 per cent .

An extra element of competition is the creation of grant maintained schools and city technology colleges .
an extra element of competition is the creation of [give] maintained schools and city technology colleges .

after Assisted Areas ( with which in part they coincided ) , in the grant of industrial development certificates , and would thus take precedence over the new towns .
after assisted areas ( with which in part they coincided ) , in the [give] of industrial development certificates , and would thus take precedence over the new towns .

An adjustment of the rate support grant gave inner urban areas more resources and the urban programme was expanded , introducing central/local partnerships for the largest cities and more limited programmes for smaller towns .
an adjustment of the rate support [give] gave inner urban areas more resources and the urban programme was expanded , introducing central/local partnerships for the largest cities and more limited programmes for smaller towns .

First , an urban regeneration grant , designed to attract private investment , was introduced .
first , an urban regeneration [give] , designed to attract private investment , was introduced .

Under this scheme private sector owners or developers could receive a grant or a loan , or a combination of the two , for the redevelopment of derelict or disused sites or buildings in urban areas suffering from economic decline .
under this scheme private sector owners or developers could receive a [give] or a loan , or a combination of the two , for the redevelopment of derelict or disused sites or buildings in urban areas suffering from economic decline .

Another change in local government finance is that the rate support grant has been replaced by the revenue support grant .
another change in local government finance is that the rate support [give] has been replaced by the revenue support [give] .

The allocation of the rate support grant took account of both variations in need and variations in resources among local authorities .
the allocation of the rate support [give] took account of both variations in need and variations in resources among local authorities .

Although the new grant takes account of variations in need , it takes no account of variations in resources , and this will disadvantage inner cities who were the main beneficiaries of resource equalisation .
although the new [give] takes account of variations in need , it takes no account of variations in resources , and this will disadvantage inner cities who were the main beneficiaries of resource equalisation .

The revenue support grant will be phased in over four years to prevent sharp falls in grant , but this will simply soften the impact .
the revenue support [give] will be phased in over four years to prevent sharp falls in [give] , but this will simply soften the impact .

developmental work , advocacy , campaigning and education ) , Griffiths also recommends a general core grant payable by local authorities to voluntary organisations .
developmental work , advocacy , campaigning and education ) , griffiths also recommends a general core [give] payable by local authorities to voluntary organisations .

The government has so far been equivocal about the resources to be made available , but it is significant that the Griffiths proposal for a specific grant has been rejected , except in the case of the mentally ill .
the government has so far been equivocal about the resources to be made available , but it is significant that the griffiths proposal for a specific [give] has been rejected , except in the case of the mentally ill .

Two other benefit changes directly affecting women are the reduction in widows ' benefits and the replacement of the universal maternity grant by statutory maternity pay , administered by employers , which is subject to contribution conditions and liable for tax .
two other benefit changes directly affecting women are the reduction in widows ' benefits and the replacement of the universal maternity [give] by statutory maternity pay , administered by employers , which is subject to contribution conditions and liable for tax .

The inner cities have been hit by reductions in rate support grant and by rate capping .
the inner cities have been hit by reductions in rate support [give] and by rate capping .

The position will worsen once the full effects of the poll tax and the revenue support grant are felt after the expiry of the four-year transitional period .
the position will worsen once the full effects of the poll tax and the revenue support [give] are felt after the expiry of the four-year transitional period .

Throughout the 1980s the government made attempt after attempt to control and curb local government expenditure through cash limits , rate-capping and grant withdrawal . How successful have they been ?
throughout the 1980s the government made attempt after attempt to control and curb local government expenditure through cash limits , rate-capping and [give] withdrawal . how successful have they been ?

If the applicant is aggrieved by the decision of the local planning authority to refuse permission or approval of the proposed development , or to grant permission or approval subject to conditions , he may appeal to the Secretary of State for the Environment in accordance with section 36 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 within six months of receipt of this notice .
if the applicant is aggrieved by the decision of the local planning authority to refuse permission or approval of the proposed development , or to [give] permission or approval subject to conditions , he may appeal to the secretary of state for the environment in accordance with section 36 of the town and country planning act 1971 within six months of receipt of this notice .

Grant aids voluntary groups throughout the City .
[give] aids voluntary groups throughout the city .

student grant
student [give]

Neil Grant , Director of the Finance and Leasing Association , told Credit Management : ‘ Nice idea but wo n't work .
neil [give] , director of the finance and leasing association , told credit management : ‘ nice idea but wo n't work .

‘ What lenders are looking for is comprehensive , accurate and relevant information , upfront , to build up a fuller picture of the credit applicant , before making a decision to grant credit ’ , confirmed Mr McKiernan .
‘ what lenders are looking for is comprehensive , accurate and relevant information , upfront , to build up a fuller picture of the credit applicant , before making a decision to [give] credit ’ , confirmed mr mckiernan .

The acquisition would not have been possible without the help of the National Heritage Museum Fund and discussions are continuing with the Department of the Environment for Northern Ireland regarding a grant towards endowment costs .
the acquisition would not have been possible without the help of the national heritage museum fund and discussions are continuing with the department of the environment for northern ireland regarding a [give] towards endowment costs .

It is hoped that , in addition to grant aid from government agencies , the project will be funded by donations from the National Trust for Scotland members and benefactors .
it is hoped that , in addition to [give] aid from government agencies , the project will be funded by donations from the national trust for scotland members and benefactors .

Charlotte had blamed Grant 's affair on the work that kept him all week in a rented London flat while she and her three small daughters lived in their Suffolk cottage .
charlotte had blamed [give] 's affair on the work that kept him all week in a rented london flat while she and her three small daughters lived in their suffolk cottage .

Even now , Grant has not heard the sorriest details about Charlotte 's chronicle of misery during this nightmare waiting period .
even now , [give] has not heard the sorriest details about charlotte 's chronicle of misery during this nightmare waiting period .

But the final reconciliation came with Grant 's next promotion which required them to move to another county .
but the final reconciliation came with [give] 's next promotion which required them to move to another county .

Not only has the house been turned into a nursery for the children of staff , but the pupils — all male in this comprehensive-turned-direct grant school — help look after the babies .
not only has the house been turned into a nursery for the children of staff , but the pupils — all male in this comprehensive-turned-direct [give] school — help look after the babies .

If you were lucky enough to be invited for * Eight at Number Eight ' , you would sit at the dining table under the inscrutable gaze of Duncan Grant 's tabby-cat ; this cat was painted at Charleston during the First World War , and bought by the Berkeleys many years later for £75 from the Lefevre Gallery .
if you were lucky enough to be invited for * eight at number eight ' , you would sit at the dining table under the inscrutable gaze of duncan [give] 's tabby-cat ; this cat was painted at charleston during the first world war , and bought by the berkeleys many years later for £75 from the lefevre gallery .

The £2200 bike , with a detachable wheelchair facility at the front , was brought with contributions from the National Park Authority , Severn Trent Water , the Countryside Commission and a grant from the Sports Council .
the £2200 bike , with a detachable wheelchair facility at the front , was brought with contributions from the national park authority , severn trent water , the countryside commission and a [give] from the sports council .

Father Abbot , grant us today and tomorrow to set our minds in order , examine our claims and take thought to pray only for what is due to us .
father abbot , [give] us today and tomorrow to set our minds in order , examine our claims and take thought to pray only for what is due to us .

Dr. John Quicke , psychologist and Lecturer in the Division , has been awarded a research grant of £10,000 from the Mental Health Foundation , ( with likely funding of a further £10,000 ) to explore ways in which schools can teach about mental handicap .
dr. john quicke , psychologist and lecturer in the division , has been awarded a research [give] of £10,000 from the mental health foundation , ( with likely funding of a further £10,000 ) to explore ways in which schools can teach about mental handicap .

To bring over any substantial numbers in the future would certainly require a source of grant funding .
to bring over any substantial numbers in the future would certainly require a source of [give] funding .

The 1923 Scheme lowered the standards for grant eligibility ; the superficial area of houses qualifying for subsidy was also reduced , resulting in smaller houses , let at lower rents .
the 1923 scheme lowered the standards for [give] eligibility ; the superficial area of houses qualifying for subsidy was also reduced , resulting in smaller houses , let at lower rents .

Whereas the problem of payment of compensation by local authorities to a developer refused planning consent had always proved a great obstacle to effective control , the new situation was that where land was developed , the increase in its value resulting from the grant of planning permission was secured for the community by the imposition of a development charge ( equivalent to 100 per cent of the increase in value ) , to be assessed and collected by a Central Land Board .
whereas the problem of payment of compensation by local authorities to a developer refused planning consent had always proved a great obstacle to effective control , the new situation was that where land was developed , the increase in its value resulting from the [give] of planning permission was secured for the community by the imposition of a development charge ( equivalent to 100 per cent of the increase in value ) , to be assessed and collected by a central land board .

There is greater emphasis on the role of the private sector in schemes for inner-city revival , as reflected in the setting up of two Urban Development Corporations in 1981 ( London Docklands and Merseyside ) and the introduction of the Urban Development Grant in 1982 as a lever to private investment .
there is greater emphasis on the role of the private sector in schemes for inner-city revival , as reflected in the setting up of two urban development corporations in 1981 ( london docklands and merseyside ) and the introduction of the urban development [give] in 1982 as a lever to private investment .

grant , cashing in on the fertility boom .
[give] , cashing in on the fertility boom .

Just about every fertility clinic in the country was set up with a government grant .
just about every fertility clinic in the country was set up with a government [give] .

In Britain , Geoffroy 's position was supported by Robert Grant and by another Scottish anatomist , Robert Knox ( 1793–1862 ) , who was later discredited by his role in the Burke and Hare scandal , in which the corpses of murder victims were sold for dissection .
in britain , geoffroy 's position was supported by robert [give] and by another scottish anatomist , robert knox ( 1793–1862 ) , who was later discredited by his role in the burke and hare scandal , in which the corpses of murder victims were sold for dissection .

Lamarckians such as Robert Grant had no doubts about the significance of the fossil progression — it proved that animal life had advanced through the scale of development as the result of purely natural processes .
lamarckians such as robert [give] had no doubts about the significance of the fossil progression — it proved that animal life had advanced through the scale of development as the result of purely natural processes .

Darwin met Robert Grant during a brief and unsuccessful spell as a medical student at Edinburgh .
darwin met robert [give] during a brief and unsuccessful spell as a medical student at edinburgh .

At the same time many states established land grant colleges providing instruction in the practical sciences and promoting research in areas of economic value .
at the same time many states established land [give] colleges providing instruction in the practical sciences and promoting research in areas of economic value .

It was like Tolonen not to abuse the Pass Laws ; not to grant permissions for his family or friends .
it was like tolonen not to abuse the pass laws ; not to [give] permissions for his family or friends .

These natives , they certainly respected the old , they had a sense of family , you had to grant it .
these natives , they certainly respected the old , they had a sense of family , you had to [give] it .

They drive one into the bark as they utter the wish , which has been properly formulated , with the conventional phrases of worship and respect , so that the loa deep inside the tree will not take offence and will grant what they wish .
they drive one into the bark as they utter the wish , which has been properly formulated , with the conventional phrases of worship and respect , so that the loa deep inside the tree will not take offence and will [give] what they wish .

They sometimes fancy they pick up the voices of the past , answering their prayers , and after presenting their gifts of flowers and fruit , they come away filled with hope that the great loas have agreed to grant whatever they were being implored to do .
they sometimes fancy they pick up the voices of the past , answering their prayers , and after presenting their gifts of flowers and fruit , they come away filled with hope that the great loas have agreed to [give] whatever they were being implored to do .

Some might be willing to grant the general thrust of what has been said , that teaching and research are different kinds of activity , but still be reluctant to accept that teachers in higher education do not have a major responsibility to conduct research .
some might be willing to [give] the general thrust of what has been said , that teaching and research are different kinds of activity , but still be reluctant to accept that teachers in higher education do not have a major responsibility to conduct research .

Senior managers may have the resource power to grant promotion or pay increases to subordinates ; trade unions possess the resource power to take their members out on strike .
senior managers may have the resource power to [give] promotion or pay increases to subordinates ; trade unions possess the resource power to take their members out on strike .

Mrs Bell and Duncan Grant , they shared a studio ; they used to live together at Fitzroy Street .
mrs bell and duncan [give] , they shared a studio ; they used to live together at fitzroy street .

Our flat was in Grant Street , near St George 's Cross ( and just off Ashley Street , funnily enough ) .
our flat was in [give] street , near st george 's cross ( and just off ashley street , funnily enough ) .

We got back to Grant Street .
we got back to [give] street .

But any distribution in a country such as Britain has to be indirect : It might take the form of a grant to create new jobs and whole new industries , or in reduction of direct taxation so that a greater percentage of earnings can be retained for spending , saving , or giving away .
but any distribution in a country such as britain has to be indirect : it might take the form of a [give] to create new jobs and whole new industries , or in reduction of direct taxation so that a greater percentage of earnings can be retained for spending , saving , or giving away .

As a nation , we can only help others as long as we ourselves are strong , and it is therefore essential that our own national position be considered , as well as that of the country receiving the grant .
as a nation , we can only help others as long as we ourselves are strong , and it is therefore essential that our own national position be considered , as well as that of the country receiving the [give] .

Not only in agriculture , but in industry generally , grant money should have strings attached .
not only in agriculture , but in industry generally , [give] money should have strings attached .

Supposing the Government made a grant to starving nations of £1,000 million on condition that they bought food from us to that value , what would be the effect ?
supposing the government made a [give] to starving nations of £1,000 million on condition that they bought food from us to that value , what would be the effect ?

He entertained hopes of succeeding Denham upon the latter 's death in 1669. but was passed over in favour of Wren , being compensated by the grant of a pension of £300 per year in recognition of ‘ loyal and faithfull service ’ .
he entertained hopes of succeeding denham upon the latter 's death in 1669. but was passed over in favour of wren , being compensated by the [give] of a pension of £300 per year in recognition of ‘ loyal and faithfull service ’ .

He received a grant of Irish lands , having been an ‘ adventurer ’ for £200 back in 1642 .
he received a [give] of irish lands , having been an ‘ adventurer ’ for £200 back in 1642 .

He wrote numerous promotion schemes , mostly involving the grant of monopolies to himself and his associate .
he wrote numerous promotion schemes , mostly involving the [give] of monopolies to himself and his associate .

This grant , however , never came to fruition , Berkhamsted , after Geoffrey 's death , remaining in the hands of the king .
this [give] , however , never came to fruition , berkhamsted , after geoffrey 's death , remaining in the hands of the king .

Grandson was rewarded by Edward with extensive land grants in England , especially in Kent , and also in Ireland , and in 1275 with the wardenship of the Channel Islands , later transformed into a life grant .
grandson was rewarded by edward with extensive land grants in england , especially in kent , and also in ireland , and in 1275 with the wardenship of the channel islands , later transformed into a life [give] .

The publisher Grant Richards encouraged her to turn to novel writing , and between 1907 and 1916 she produced six books which are the perfect expression of her personality : frivolous and witty , but with an underlying sense of melancholy .
the publisher [give] richards encouraged her to turn to novel writing , and between 1907 and 1916 she produced six books which are the perfect expression of her personality : frivolous and witty , but with an underlying sense of melancholy .

Thomson and his partners enjoyed a short-lived monopoly to market the entire tobacco crop , supplied provisions amid protests by the planters about engrossing ( 1632–3 ) , participated in a huge land grant ( 1636 ) , and came to dominate the tobacco trade , Thomson paying the largest duties on imports into England ( 1642 ) .
thomson and his partners enjoyed a short-lived monopoly to market the entire tobacco crop , supplied provisions amid protests by the planters about engrossing ( 1632–3 ) , participated in a huge land [give] ( 1636 ) , and came to dominate the tobacco trade , thomson paying the largest duties on imports into england ( 1642 ) .

In appreciation Colbeck received a magnificent loving cup from the Royal Geographical Society , engraved with the course of the Morning , and was also given the Back grant .
in appreciation colbeck received a magnificent loving cup from the royal geographical society , engraved with the course of the morning , and was also given the back [give] .

He served three successive archbishops of Canterbury : Langton , Richard Grant , and Edmund of Abingdon [ qq.v . ]
he served three successive archbishops of canterbury : langton , richard [give] , and edmund of abingdon [ qq.v . ]

She graduated from Smith summa cum laude , was awarded a Fulbright grant to study at Newnham College , Cambridge , and arrived there in October 1955 .
she graduated from smith summa cum laude , was awarded a fulbright [give] to study at newnham college , cambridge , and arrived there in october 1955 .

, and published in 1845 , the cost met by the mission board of the United Secession Church , aided by a grant of £500 from the British and Foreign Bible Society .
, and published in 1845 , the cost met by the mission board of the united secession church , aided by a [give] of £500 from the british and foreign bible society .

in the civil wars of the late 1260s , and who was rewarded for his loyalty to the Crown with a grant of land in Northamptonshire .
in the civil wars of the late 1260s , and who was rewarded for his loyalty to the crown with a [give] of land in northamptonshire .

Following the failure of the attempt to get Edinburgh to grant medical degrees to women , she moved to London and qualified at the new Medical College for Women in 1873 , but practised only briefly .
following the failure of the attempt to get edinburgh to [give] medical degrees to women , she moved to london and qualified at the new medical college for women in 1873 , but practised only briefly .

, and in 1692 he was directed by Samuel Travers , surveyor of land revenue to King William and Queen Mary , to make a survey of the ‘ Mannor of East Greenwich in Kent ’ following the grant by the monarchs of ‘ the house at Greenwich to be a hospital for wounded seamen ’ .
, and in 1692 he was directed by samuel travers , surveyor of land revenue to king william and queen mary , to make a survey of the ‘ mannor of east greenwich in kent ’ following the [give] by the monarchs of ‘ the house at greenwich to be a hospital for wounded seamen ’ .

Five of them feature as their main character Inspector Alan Grant , a gentleman police officer in the style often favoured by women writers , ‘ not coarse like a bobby ’ and with independent means ‘ to smooth and embroider life ’ .
five of them feature as their main character inspector alan [give] , a gentleman police officer in the style often favoured by women writers , ‘ not coarse like a bobby ’ and with independent means ‘ to smooth and embroider life ’ .

Cenwulf 's dealings with Sussex are witnessed only by a grant to the bishop of Selsey from 801 .
cenwulf 's dealings with sussex are witnessed only by a [give] to the bishop of selsey from 801 .

At Cambridge Lehmann had founded Grant a , which he continued to edit for some years after leaving university .
at cambridge lehmann had founded [give] a , which he continued to edit for some years after leaving university .

Finally , in 1544 Stumpe consolidated his interest in the property by paying over £1,500 for a royal grant to himself and his heirs of the whole site of the abbey .
finally , in 1544 stumpe consolidated his interest in the property by paying over £1,500 for a royal [give] to himself and his heirs of the whole site of the abbey .

In Lent 1330 he opposed the grant of clerical taxation to the crown .
in lent 1330 he opposed the [give] of clerical taxation to the crown .

Bramah quotes Grant Richards as having enquired in the Times Literary Supplement , ‘ Is there really such a person as Ernest Bramah ?
bramah quotes [give] richards as having enquired in the times literary supplement , ‘ is there really such a person as ernest bramah ?

The British Museum agreed to get him a permit and to give him a grant , in return for any antiquities he might discover .
the british museum agreed to get him a permit and to give him a [give] , in return for any antiquities he might discover .

Through the favour of the king and of the Earl of Gloucester he built up a large estate in Kent and elsewhere : a royal grant of 1315 enumerates lands in forty-six places spread through eight counties .
through the favour of the king and of the earl of gloucester he built up a large estate in kent and elsewhere : a royal [give] of 1315 enumerates lands in forty-six places spread through eight counties .

In the following year he received a major grant of land in Northamptonshire formerly held by Isabel Peche ( died 1479 ) .
in the following year he received a major [give] of land in northamptonshire formerly held by isabel peche ( died 1479 ) .

Brampton 's land grant of 1480 describes Isabel Peche as his late wife .
brampton 's land [give] of 1480 describes isabel peche as his late wife .

Summoned to Parliament in 1309 , he received extensive lands in Lincolnshire ( later augmented by his sister 's lands in that county after her death in 1334 ) and the more contentious grant of the Isle of Man .
summoned to parliament in 1309 , he received extensive lands in lincolnshire ( later augmented by his sister 's lands in that county after her death in 1334 ) and the more contentious [give] of the isle of man .

Objections to this caused the central board of the Co-operative Union to decide to withdraw its £400 annual grant to the Guild unless the divorce law campaign were dropped .
objections to this caused the central board of the co-operative union to decide to withdraw its £400 annual [give] to the guild unless the divorce law campaign were dropped .

In 1284 his responsibility for the operations launched a year earlier was put on a permanent footing with the grant of 3s .
in 1284 his responsibility for the operations launched a year earlier was put on a permanent footing with the [give] of 3s .

His faithful service was rewarded with a grant of the manor of Ilmington in Warwickshire .
his faithful service was rewarded with a [give] of the manor of ilmington in warwickshire .

In 1551 he was rewarded with a grant of ennoblement .
in 1551 he was rewarded with a [give] of ennoblement .

In Canada , where the government agreed a $ 2 million annual grant in 1977 , the Canadian Labour Congress decided only to accept the money on a ‘ no strings ’ basis , taking its traditional view that labour education must be controlled by labour .
in canada , where the government agreed a $ 2 million annual [give] in 1977 , the canadian labour congress decided only to accept the money on a ‘ no strings ’ basis , taking its traditional view that labour education must be controlled by labour .

This will not prevent an equitable interest passing to the buyer but the court will not grant specific performance unless the seller 's lien can be fully protected and until paid in full he is entitled to vote the shares as he thinks will best protect his interest .
this will not prevent an equitable interest passing to the buyer but the court will not [give] specific performance unless the seller 's lien can be fully protected and until paid in full he is entitled to vote the shares as he thinks will best protect his interest .

As regards these latter matters , it will be assumed for the remainder of the chapter , unless the contrary is stated , that a company has capacity to grant the security and that the directors were not acting in breach of their duty to the company or exceeding their authority .
as regards these latter matters , it will be assumed for the remainder of the chapter , unless the contrary is stated , that a company has capacity to [give] the security and that the directors were not acting in breach of their duty to the company or exceeding their authority .

Still , Ah grant ye , an incredible feat .
still , ah [give] ye , an incredible feat .

) For determining whether fees or reimbursements are in accordance with legal , grant , or contractual requirements .
) for determining whether fees or reimbursements are in accordance with legal , [give] , or contractual requirements .

An extreme form of restriction would relate to a specific government grant .
an extreme form of restriction would relate to a specific government [give] .

The terms of the grant would most typically specify precisely which expenditure qualified for grant and that any underspending had to be relinquished to the Government .
the terms of the [give] would most typically specify precisely which expenditure qualified for [give] and that any underspending had to be relinquished to the government .

These authorities are ultimately financed by a grant from the Government .
these authorities are ultimately financed by a [give] from the government .

Although there is some latitude between these grants , in that part of the capital grant can be transferred to be used on the current grant , the distinction between them is maintained and is important .
although there is some latitude between these grants , in that part of the capital [give] can be transferred to be used on the current [give] , the distinction between them is maintained and is important .

However , the accounts do only compare actual expenditure against grant for both categories .
however , the accounts do only compare actual expenditure against [give] for both categories .

He once took a swim late at night with a drunken socialite , but that had turned out to be entirely innocent and there was testimony from Cary Grant to prove it .
he once took a swim late at night with a drunken socialite , but that had turned out to be entirely innocent and there was testimony from cary [give] to prove it .

In January 1980 a Soviet commentator noted that according to the admissions of the American State Department ‘ the leaders of Egypt , Oman , Somalia and Kenya have agreed to grant the Pentagon the right to use the ports and a number of military installations in their countries ’ .
in january 1980 a soviet commentator noted that according to the admissions of the american state department ‘ the leaders of egypt , oman , somalia and kenya have agreed to [give] the pentagon the right to use the ports and a number of military installations in their countries ’ .

Students progressing satisfactorily in the standard full-time mode of study , holding a local education authority grant , will graduate at the normal time .
students progressing satisfactorily in the standard full-time mode of study , holding a local education authority [give] , will graduate at the normal time .

Students studying part-time , and by definition receiving no grant , will graduate on completion of the programme of study planned and agreed between the student and his or her personal tutor .
students studying part-time , and by definition receiving no [give] , will graduate on completion of the programme of study planned and agreed between the student and his or her personal tutor .

It had the power to grant building leases and fix ground rents .
it had the power to [give] building leases and fix ground rents .

At the outset , the railways adopted a negative attitude to the trade , failing to provide special terminal facilities , refusing to grant concessionary freight rates , and making no special timetable provision for milk trains .
at the outset , the railways adopted a negative attitude to the trade , failing to provide special terminal facilities , refusing to [give] concessionary freight rates , and making no special timetable provision for milk trains .

Most western towns were created by the railroad land grant companies .
most western towns were created by the railroad land [give] companies .

After much acrimony an agreement was reached in 1977 about the conditions under which the Law Society would grant waivers to law centres and it was thereafter no longer a source of difficulty .
after much acrimony an agreement was reached in 1977 about the conditions under which the law society would [give] waivers to law centres and it was thereafter no longer a source of difficulty .

The objective of the operation of the power to grant waivers was to produce harmonious relations between lawyers and to ensure that the roles of the ‘ public ’ and ‘ private ’ sectors of the profession continued broadly to complement one another .
the objective of the operation of the power to [give] waivers was to produce harmonious relations between lawyers and to ensure that the roles of the ‘ public ’ and ‘ private ’ sectors of the profession continued broadly to complement one another .

It has stimulated duty solicitor schemes , including schemes at prisons ; encouraged law centres ; monitored the grant and refusal of legal aid in magistrates ’ courts ; provided training for volunteer workers at advice agencies ; published a leaflet aimed at those who have suffered accidents ; produced directories of advice agencies ; and taken on other responsibilities connected with the stimulation and co-ordination of legal services .
it has stimulated duty solicitor schemes , including schemes at prisons ; encouraged law centres ; monitored the [give] and refusal of legal aid in magistrates ’ courts ; provided training for volunteer workers at advice agencies ; published a leaflet aimed at those who have suffered accidents ; produced directories of advice agencies ; and taken on other responsibilities connected with the stimulation and co-ordination of legal services .

The assessments of means , decisions on the grant of criminal legal aid , and at least some of the determinations of bills now carried out in the courts ) .
the assessments of means , decisions on the [give] of criminal legal aid , and at least some of the determinations of bills now carried out in the courts ) .

Among its aims are increasingly to devolve responsibility to area offices , to set performance targets and to secure that policies on the grant and continuation of legal aid are applied consistently .
among its aims are increasingly to devolve responsibility to area offices , to set performance targets and to secure that policies on the [give] and continuation of legal aid are applied consistently .

Subsequently , the major concern perceived with the system of legal aid was that confusion and inefficiency were created by too many people having the ability to decide whether or not to grant help .
subsequently , the major concern perceived with the system of legal aid was that confusion and inefficiency were created by too many people having the ability to decide whether or not to [give] help .

In addition , where the contribution is payable from disposable income , the limits set out above apply strictly , whereas there is a discretion to permit the grant of a certificate even if the applicant 's disposable capital is over the financial eligibility limit .
in addition , where the contribution is payable from disposable income , the limits set out above apply strictly , whereas there is a discretion to permit the [give] of a certificate even if the applicant 's disposable capital is over the financial eligibility limit .

There is a right of appeal to an area committee against a refusal to grant a representation certificate or upon discharge or revocation of a certificate .
there is a right of appeal to an area committee against a refusal to [give] a representation certificate or upon discharge or revocation of a certificate .

, 1983 ) , where they are likely to remain unpopular patients who are avoided by staff ( Grant and Moores , 1977 ; Raynes , 1980 ) .
, 1983 ) , where they are likely to remain unpopular patients who are avoided by staff ( [give] and moores , 1977 ; raynes , 1980 ) .

No resources were allocated for the changes in procedures necessitated by the care programme approach ( Hudson , 1992 ) , although the Mental Illness Specific Grant was identified as a potential source of funding for new initiatives in social care which could be complementary to the introduction of care programming .
no resources were allocated for the changes in procedures necessitated by the care programme approach ( hudson , 1992 ) , although the mental illness specific [give] was identified as a potential source of funding for new initiatives in social care which could be complementary to the introduction of care programming .

Those authorities which are classed here as adapting to the care programme approach either spend some of their Mental Illness Specific Grant to satisfy its requirements or present the elements of the approach ( assessment , key working and review ) as an integral part of their plans for the year in question .
those authorities which are classed here as adapting to the care programme approach either spend some of their mental illness specific [give] to satisfy its requirements or present the elements of the approach ( assessment , key working and review ) as an integral part of their plans for the year in question .

In Rotherham , ‘ [ t ] he specific grant has been successfully obtained for a list of improvements which includes : implementing a joint care programme approach to planning and providing services to users ’ , while in Bradford the demands of care programming and care management led to considerable investment in Information Technology :
in rotherham , ‘ [ t ] he specific [give] has been successfully obtained for a list of improvements which includes : implementing a joint care programme approach to planning and providing services to users ’ , while in bradford the demands of care programming and care management led to considerable investment in information technology :

Care management is local authority-led , while care programming is health authority-led , in collaboration with the local authority , especially over the expenditure of the Mental Illness Specific Grant .
care management is local authority-led , while care programming is health authority-led , in collaboration with the local authority , especially over the expenditure of the mental illness specific [give] .

On the other hand , the existing case law on delegation of powers suggests that it would not be possible to grant such a body power to issue binding Community legislation of the types defined in the treaty , whereas the Maastricht Treaty envisages in its Article 108a that the Central Bank would be able to issue regulations , decisions , recommendations , and opinions ( though not directives ) .
on the other hand , the existing case law on delegation of powers suggests that it would not be possible to [give] such a body power to issue binding community legislation of the types defined in the treaty , whereas the maastricht treaty envisages in its article 108a that the central bank would be able to issue regulations , decisions , recommendations , and opinions ( though not directives ) .

There may be an urgent need for a Council decision — for example , to impose an anti-dumping duty to protect a Community industry from damage , or to grant emergency aid following an earthquake .
there may be an urgent need for a council decision — for example , to impose an anti-dumping duty to protect a community industry from damage , or to [give] emergency aid following an earthquake .

Some schools had benefited from government funds allocated to implementing the national curriculum , with one reporting a grant of £20,000 over three years .
some schools had benefited from government funds allocated to implementing the national curriculum , with one reporting a [give] of £20,000 over three years .

‘ You have to be careful , nowadays , whom you get , ’ warned Robert Kinnear , whose bookselling experience , at Grant Educational , must have been less worldly .
‘ you have to be careful , nowadays , whom you get , ’ warned robert kinnear , whose bookselling experience , at [give] educational , must have been less worldly .

Jonathan Grant
jonathan [give]

For the law to grant him a defence in these circumstances would be to grant a licence for sexual exploitation .
for the law to [give] him a defence in these circumstances would be to [give] a licence for sexual exploitation .

They need a calm mind — Lord grant them Your peace ;
they need a calm mind — lord [give] them your peace ;

They need a clear head — Lord grant them Your wisdom ;
they need a clear head — lord [give] them your wisdom ;

They need to write carefully and think carefully — Lord grant them Your patience ;
they need to write carefully and think carefully — lord [give] them your patience ;

They need to be inspired — Lord grant them Your enthusiasm ;
they need to be inspired — lord [give] them your enthusiasm ;

And for those for whom treatment has come too late , grant your mercy , the awareness of sin , the awareness of yourself , and peace at the last .
and for those for whom treatment has come too late , [give] your mercy , the awareness of sin , the awareness of yourself , and peace at the last .

We pray for your blessing on the work of the hospices ; we ask you to guide all those who administer them ; to give wisdom to those who work as counsellors of patients and their families ; to encourage the volunteers who support families ; to grant patience and gentleness to those who nurse the sick and dying .
we pray for your blessing on the work of the hospices ; we ask you to guide all those who administer them ; to give wisdom to those who work as counsellors of patients and their families ; to encourage the volunteers who support families ; to [give] patience and gentleness to those who nurse the sick and dying .

‘ God grant that some editor somewhere is thinking about educating his staff in the need to check stories before rushing into print — an ethic of journalism which seems to have all but disappeared these days , ’ said Bob .
‘ god [give] that some editor somewhere is thinking about educating his staff in the need to check stories before rushing into print — an ethic of journalism which seems to have all but disappeared these days , ’ said bob .

Peter Bowkett , Deputy Regional Manager , Royal Scottish Assurance ( standing , second from left ) with ( from left ) Eric Grant ( senior Manager 's Assistant ) , Roland Roberts ( Consultant ) , Doug Burns ( Senior Corporate Manager , Colmore Row ) and Don McCart ( Area Pensions Manager ) .
peter bowkett , deputy regional manager , royal scottish assurance ( standing , second from left ) with ( from left ) eric [give] ( senior manager 's assistant ) , roland roberts ( consultant ) , doug burns ( senior corporate manager , colmore row ) and don mccart ( area pensions manager ) .

Paul won the monthly £50 prize for being top Consultant in the Royal Scottish North West England/Lancashire Region and other regional winners were June Hanney ( Glasgow ) , Grant Devine ( London ) , Michael Malone ( West Scotland ) , Ken Smith ( East Scotland ) .
paul won the monthly £50 prize for being top consultant in the royal scottish north west england/lancashire region and other regional winners were june hanney ( glasgow ) , [give] devine ( london ) , michael malone ( west scotland ) , ken smith ( east scotland ) .

Its training grant scheme represents a commitment of £3 million that has helped secure inward investment and 3,300 jobs which could otherwise have been lost to other areas .
its training [give] scheme represents a commitment of £3 million that has helped secure inward investment and 3,300 jobs which could otherwise have been lost to other areas .

Lindsey Gallanders , a senior employee relations officer with the Personnel Services Division , said : ‘ We have a grant from the European Commission to test teleworking and we are targeting women returners to the labour market .
lindsey gallanders , a senior employee relations officer with the personnel services division , said : ‘ we have a [give] from the european commission to test teleworking and we are targeting women returners to the labour market .

It was disappointing that the Scottish Office refused an application for an Urban Aid grant to support a package of initiatives for Greater Pilton .
it was disappointing that the scottish office refused an application for an urban aid [give] to support a package of initiatives for greater pilton .

The Council has introduced a Grant Scheme to encourage operators of commercial bus services in Lothian to improve the standard of accessibility of their vehicles .
the council has introduced a [give] scheme to encourage operators of commercial bus services in lothian to improve the standard of accessibility of their vehicles .

Together , the Grant Scheme and the more stringent contract conditions should result in a marked improvement to buses in Lothian in terms of standards of passenger accessibility and safety .
together , the [give] scheme and the more stringent contract conditions should result in a marked improvement to buses in lothian in terms of standards of passenger accessibility and safety .

As part of the work associated with the preparation of the first Road Safety Plan , an analysis of road accident data was carried out on a number of areas eligible for Urban Aid grant .
as part of the work associated with the preparation of the first road safety plan , an analysis of road accident data was carried out on a number of areas eligible for urban aid [give] .

The Scottish Office refused the application ‘ as low priority in the national competition for grant funds ’ .
the scottish office refused the application ‘ as low priority in the national competition for [give] funds ’ .

Submit a further application for grant .
submit a further application for [give] .

The Department has previously contributed towards the cost of some such places in the voluntary sector by paying supplementation on a per capita basis to top up the amount available from the higher rate of Income Support ; or by payment of a block grant for the service .
the department has previously contributed towards the cost of some such places in the voluntary sector by paying supplementation on a per capita basis to top up the amount available from the higher rate of income support ; or by payment of a block [give] for the service .

Mr. Lightheart will be consulted about possible uses for the annual grant .
mr. lightheart will be consulted about possible uses for the annual [give] .

It might be possible to gain a grant from some appropriate body , e.g .
it might be possible to gain a [give] from some appropriate body , e.g .

It might be possible to use an annual grant of £300 to carry out the necessary paintwork .
it might be possible to use an annual [give] of £300 to carry out the necessary paintwork .

This will require a grant of £1500 from the Village Association , the use of most of the Tennis Club funds [ £6–800 ] and possibly up to £500 as an interest free loan from the Village Association .
this will require a [give] of £1500 from the village association , the use of most of the tennis club funds [ £6–800 ] and possibly up to £500 as an interest free loan from the village association .

We 've received help from the Countryside Council for Wales towards the costs of writing and research , and we have a Welsh Office grant to enable us to translate it into Welsh .
we 've received help from the countryside council for wales towards the costs of writing and research , and we have a welsh office [give] to enable us to translate it into welsh .

We 've received help from the Countryside Council for Wales towards the costs of writing and research , and we have a Welsh Office grant to enable us to translate it into Welsh .
we 've received help from the countryside council for wales towards the costs of writing and research , and we have a welsh office [give] to enable us to translate it into welsh .

It is unclear whether all the eligibility criteria listed in points ( i ) to ( iii ) need to be satisfied before a grant will be awarded .
it is unclear whether all the eligibility criteria listed in points ( i ) to ( iii ) need to be satisfied before a [give] will be awarded .

It is clear that the scheme needs to be administered so that it dovetails with and reinforces the benefits of other grant schemes which provide for hedge renovation and management .
it is clear that the scheme needs to be administered so that it dovetails with and reinforces the benefits of other [give] schemes which provide for hedge renovation and management .

Moreover , they should be given guidance to the effect that the Government will support them if they decide , at the time of review , not to grant fresh permissions on environmental and social grounds .
moreover , they should be given guidance to the effect that the government will support them if they decide , at the time of review , not to [give] fresh permissions on environmental and social grounds .

However extensive research by The Open Spaces Society has resulted in a concise reference guide that even where detail is lacking , such as the section on obtaining a grant , there are numerous references to further sources of information .
however extensive research by the open spaces society has resulted in a concise reference guide that even where detail is lacking , such as the section on obtaining a [give] , there are numerous references to further sources of information .

The group received a grant of £300 from the Shell Better Britain Campaign towards the cost of plants and materials to create a picnic site and wildflower meadow .
the group received a [give] of £300 from the shell better britain campaign towards the cost of plants and materials to create a picnic site and wildflower meadow .

Germany is to grant tax reductions to the buyers of new diesel engine cars .
germany is to [give] tax reductions to the buyers of new diesel engine cars .

The final barrier to its operation came after the Chernobyl nuclear disaster in the Soviet Union , when the North-Rhine Westphalia administration responded to intensified local concern by refusing to grant it the required license to operate .
the final barrier to its operation came after the chernobyl nuclear disaster in the soviet union , when the north-rhine westphalia administration responded to intensified local concern by refusing to [give] it the required license to operate .

Brussels will be able to grant permission to exceed limits in particular areas on the basis of " objective criteria " which suggest that the use of larger amounts is safe .
brussels will be able to [give] permission to exceed limits in particular areas on the basis of " objective criteria " which suggest that the use of larger amounts is safe .

We are grateful to Helen Grant ( Newsome , 1927 ) for a gift of art books and exhibition catalogues , to Dr Ken Lewis for books on genetics , and to Mr Paul Foote for books on Russian Literature .
we are grateful to helen [give] ( newsome , 1927 ) for a gift of art books and exhibition catalogues , to dr ken lewis for books on genetics , and to mr paul foote for books on russian literature .

This year the Library has used its first grant from the Barbara and James Craig Fund to provide additional books for graduate students , and to support two subjects in particular need : Law and Politics .
this year the library has used its first [give] from the barbara and james craig fund to provide additional books for graduate students , and to support two subjects in particular need : law and politics .

The Fellow and those awarded grants will be required to submit a written report to the Governing Body on the use of their Fellowship or grant .
the fellow and those awarded grants will be required to submit a written report to the governing body on the use of their fellowship or [give] .

She has received for her 1990–91 sabbatical year a Research Grant from the Social Sciences and Humanities Research Council of Canada to support her work on a new book on Gottfried Benn 's lyrical poetry .
she has received for her 1990–91 sabbatical year a research [give] from the social sciences and humanities research council of canada to support her work on a new book on gottfried benn 's lyrical poetry .

Anyone wishing to apply for a grant for herself or anyone else should write to the Treasurer , All requests will be considered by the Committee in confidence .
anyone wishing to apply for a [give] for herself or anyone else should write to the treasurer , all requests will be considered by the committee in confidence .

Their development has been entrusted to the Countryside Commission , which has been given a grant of £600,000 to set up a co-ordinating committee for each forest .
their development has been entrusted to the countryside commission , which has been given a [give] of £600,000 to set up a co-ordinating committee for each forest .

It receives a substantial recurrent grant from the University , which covers its operational overheads .
it receives a substantial recurrent [give] from the university , which covers its operational overheads .

An application for the judicial review of Poole Borough Council 's decision to grant planning permission for the building of 200 houses on ecologically-fragile Dorset heathland has been overturned .
an application for the judicial review of poole borough council 's decision to [give] planning permission for the building of 200 houses on ecologically-fragile dorset heathland has been overturned .

It also discussed the possibility of a World Bank grant to help industry to adapt to the demands of the protocol .
it also discussed the possibility of a world bank [give] to help industry to adapt to the demands of the protocol .

Even so , the Panel recognises that the Code may not be appropriate to such companies in every circumstance and is willing to grant dispensations in suitable cases .
even so , the panel recognises that the code may not be appropriate to such companies in every circumstance and is willing to [give] dispensations in suitable cases .

The Panel will not normally grant leave to appeal against a finding of fact or against a decision of the Panel on the interpretation of the Code .
the panel will not normally [give] leave to appeal against a finding of fact or against a decision of the panel on the interpretation of the code .

( 3 ) If a recommended offer is proposed which has not been announced , Note 2 to Rule 2.3 requires the target to request the London Stock Exchange to grant a suspension of the target 's listing before the proposed offer is disclosed to any sub-underwriters ( see para 6.3.5 below ) .
( 3 ) if a recommended offer is proposed which has not been announced , note 2 to rule 2.3 requires the target to request the london stock exchange to [give] a suspension of the target 's listing before the proposed offer is disclosed to any sub-underwriters ( see para 6.3.5 below ) .

The London Stock Exchange will not normally grant a temporary suspension for more than 48 hours .
the london stock exchange will not normally [give] a temporary suspension for more than 48 hours .

In the case of a recommended offer which will provide a cash alternative by way of underwriting the target company should , assuming no announcement has been made , request the London Stock Exchange to grant a suspension before the proposed offer is disclosed to any sub-underwriters .
in the case of a recommended offer which will provide a cash alternative by way of underwriting the target company should , assuming no announcement has been made , request the london stock exchange to [give] a suspension before the proposed offer is disclosed to any sub-underwriters .

In fact the definition will also include persons entitled to intermediate leasehold interests where created by the landlord between the date of the agreement and the grant of the lease .
in fact the definition will also include persons entitled to intermediate leasehold interests where created by the landlord between the date of the agreement and the [give] of the lease .

There may for some reason be a substantial delay between the date of the agreement and the grant of the lease during which time the tenant may wish to assign its interest in it .
there may for some reason be a substantial delay between the date of the agreement and the [give] of the lease during which time the tenant may wish to assign its interest in it .

2.4.1 as may be required by any local or other competent authority as a condition of the grant or continuance in force of the Landlord 's Approvals or any of them or
2.4.1 as may be required by any local or other competent authority as a condition of the [give] or continuance in force of the landlord 's approvals or any of them or

6 Grant of Lease
6 [give] of lease

6.1 Subject to the above provisions of this agreement the Landlord shall grant the Lease and the Tenant shall accept the Lease and execute a counterpart of it
6.1 subject to the above provisions of this agreement the landlord shall [give] the lease and the tenant shall accept the lease and execute a counterpart of it

9.1 The Tenant shall assume the right of the Landlord to grant the Lease and shall not require any evidence of or raise any objection requisition or inquiry in respect of the Landlord 's title to the Site [ or the Premises ]
9.1 the tenant shall assume the right of the landlord to [give] the lease and shall not require any evidence of or raise any objection requisition or inquiry in respect of the landlord 's title to the site [ or the premises ]

The Tenant shall not assign underlet charge or otherwise deal in any way with the benefit of this agreement in whole or in part and the Landlord shall not be obliged to grant the Lease to any person other than the Tenant This is not acceptable and must at least be qualified to allow the tenant to mortgage or charge the premises which might be vital to the tenant to fund the tenant 's works or its business in general .
the tenant shall not assign underlet charge or otherwise deal in any way with the benefit of this agreement in whole or in part and the landlord shall not be obliged to [give] the lease to any person other than the tenant this is not acceptable and must at least be qualified to allow the tenant to mortgage or charge the premises which might be vital to the tenant to fund the tenant 's works or its business in general .

The writer is aware of an agreement for lease granted in 1965 purporting to grant a 21-year lease where the landlord was still not in a position to grant the lease by the expiration of the agreed term in 1986 .
the writer is aware of an agreement for lease granted in 1965 purporting to [give] a 21-year lease where the landlord was still not in a position to [give] the lease by the expiration of the agreed term in 1986 .

7.1 Warranty re-convictions The Tenant warrants that prior to the execution of this Lease [ it ] has disclosed to the Landlord in writing any conviction judgment or finding of any court or tribunal relating to the Tenant ( or any director or other officer or major shareholder of the Tenant ) of such a nature as to be likely to affect the decision of any insurer or underwriter to grant or to continue insurance of any of the Insured Risks The landlord may wish to include this in order to protect its position resulting from insurance contracts being uberrimae fidei , with the resultant obligation to disclose to the insurers material facts within its actual or presumed knowledge .
7.1 warranty re-convictions the tenant warrants that prior to the execution of this lease [ it ] has disclosed to the landlord in writing any conviction judgment or finding of any court or tribunal relating to the tenant ( or any director or other officer or major shareholder of the tenant ) of such a nature as to be likely to affect the decision of any insurer or underwriter to [give] or to continue insurance of any of the insured risks the landlord may wish to include this in order to protect its position resulting from insurance contracts being uberrimae fidei , with the resultant obligation to disclose to the insurers material facts within its actual or presumed knowledge .

7.7.6 to give notice to the Landlord immediately upon the happening of any event which might affect any insurance policy on or relating to the Premises or upon the happening of any event against which the Landlord may have insured under this Lease The following amendment should be considered : … immediately upon becoming aware of the happening of any event … 7.7.7 immediately to inform the Landlord in writing of any conviction judgment or finding of any court or tribunal relating to the Tenant ( or any director other officer or major shareholder of the Tenant ) of such a nature as to be likely to affect the decision of any insurer or underwriter to grant or to continue any such insurance The requirement to notify the landlord in respect of convictions should be deleted for the reason stated above .
7.7.6 to give notice to the landlord immediately upon the happening of any event which might affect any insurance policy on or relating to the premises or upon the happening of any event against which the landlord may have insured under this lease the following amendment should be considered : … immediately upon becoming aware of the happening of any event … 7.7.7 immediately to inform the landlord in writing of any conviction judgment or finding of any court or tribunal relating to the tenant ( or any director other officer or major shareholder of the tenant ) of such a nature as to be likely to affect the decision of any insurer or underwriter to [give] or to continue any such insurance the requirement to notify the landlord in respect of convictions should be deleted for the reason stated above .

It is also dangerous for a tenant to rely on the provisions of s 62 as the section does not , for example , apply to services and , additionally , as the section takes effect from the date of the demise , it may not be easy to adduce evidence 15 years after the grant that the right complained of was used by the occupants when the lease was granted .
it is also dangerous for a tenant to rely on the provisions of s 62 as the section does not , for example , apply to services and , additionally , as the section takes effect from the date of the demise , it may not be easy to adduce evidence 15 years after the [give] that the right complained of was used by the occupants when the lease was granted .

9.8 Perpetuity period The perpetuity period applicable to this Lease shall be [ 80 ] years from the commencement of the Contractual Term and whenever in this Lease either party is granted a future interest in property there shall be deemed to be included in respect of every such grant a provision requiring that future interest to vest within the stated period and for it to be void for remoteness if it shall not have so vested Despite the importance of the rule against perpetuities , it is surprising that most leases granted today make no mention of it .
9.8 perpetuity period the perpetuity period applicable to this lease shall be [ 80 ] years from the commencement of the contractual term and whenever in this lease either party is granted a future interest in property there shall be deemed to be included in respect of every such [give] a provision requiring that future interest to vest within the stated period and for it to be void for remoteness if it shall not have so vested despite the importance of the rule against perpetuities , it is surprising that most leases granted today make no mention of it .

Without becoming too detailed , the rule can result in the grant of future interests being void where they do not vest within 21 years from the date of the grant of the lease .
without becoming too detailed , the rule can result in the [give] of future interests being void where they do not vest within 21 years from the date of the [give] of the lease .

Those in favour of its retention state first that both parties are aware of the rules at the outset and second that , while a landlord has an absolute discretion whether or not to proceed with the grant of a lease to an original tenant , its discretion is diminished in the case of an assignee where its refusal to grant a licence to assign may be contested by the tenant , with subsequent expensive court proceedings .
those in favour of its retention state first that both parties are aware of the rules at the outset and second that , while a landlord has an absolute discretion whether or not to proceed with the [give] of a lease to an original tenant , its discretion is diminished in the case of an assignee where its refusal to [give] a licence to assign may be contested by the tenant , with subsequent expensive court proceedings .

It is very difficult to muster a cogent argument against the landlord 's request for guarantors either on the grant of a lease or on an assignment of the lease where a corporate tenant or corporate assignee has either recently been established or is a concern of limited substance .
it is very difficult to muster a cogent argument against the landlord 's request for guarantors either on the [give] of a lease or on an assignment of the lease where a corporate tenant or corporate assignee has either recently been established or is a concern of limited substance .

2 Pipes The right to free passage and running ( subject to temporary interruption for repair alteration or replacement ) of water sewage gas electricity telephone and other services or supplies to and from the Premises in and through the Pipes that now serve the Premises presently laid in on under or over other parts of the Centre and ( if any ) the Adjoining Property ( in common with the Landlord and other persons having a like right ) The tenant should ensure that the grant of a right to use the service media should extend not only to the service media in existence at the date of the lease but also to those which may be provided during the course of the lease , subject of course to the perpetuity provisions .
2 pipes the right to free passage and running ( subject to temporary interruption for repair alteration or replacement ) of water sewage gas electricity telephone and other services or supplies to and from the premises in and through the pipes that now serve the premises presently laid in on under or over other parts of the centre and ( if any ) the adjoining property ( in common with the landlord and other persons having a like right ) the tenant should ensure that the [give] of a right to use the service media should extend not only to the service media in existence at the date of the lease but also to those which may be provided during the course of the lease , subject of course to the perpetuity provisions .

If client buyers will require planning permission , it is important to spell out to them that they are running a potential risk by exchanging contracts prior to the grant of that permission .
if client buyers will require planning permission , it is important to spell out to them that they are running a potential risk by exchanging contracts prior to the [give] of that permission .

It is n't invariable practice amongst conveyancers even to keep a third copy of a simple transfer for themselves ( but always keep one if it contains restrictions , or the grant or reservation of rights , etc , or if you will require one for your mortgagee 's solicitors ; normally one prepares top and carbon , both of which are sent to the seller 's conveyancers with a suggestion that the top copy , too , should be retained and used as the engrossment if its terms are approved .
it is n't invariable practice amongst conveyancers even to keep a third copy of a simple transfer for themselves ( but always keep one if it contains restrictions , or the [give] or reservation of rights , etc , or if you will require one for your mortgagee 's solicitors ; normally one prepares top and carbon , both of which are sent to the seller 's conveyancers with a suggestion that the top copy , too , should be retained and used as the engrossment if its terms are approved .

Notices may be entered on the Register of Title to protect a wide variety of interests — for example , an estate contract , a grant of easements over registered land , a lease or agreement for a lease which is not an overriding interest , and many other matters that it is desired shall come to the notice of all persons dealing with the land .
notices may be entered on the register of title to protect a wide variety of interests — for example , an estate contract , a [give] of easements over registered land , a lease or agreement for a lease which is not an overriding interest , and many other matters that it is desired shall come to the notice of all persons dealing with the land .

When personal representatives sell without first effecting registration of their title , proof thereof and of the death of the registered proprietor must of course be lodged : a copy of the grant of probate or letters of administration certified as a true copy by the seller 's conveyancers ( when acting for a buyer you should make this requirement the subject of one of your requisitions on title ) is sufficient evidence .
when personal representatives sell without first effecting registration of their title , proof thereof and of the death of the registered proprietor must of course be lodged : a copy of the [give] of probate or letters of administration certified as a true copy by the seller 's conveyancers ( when acting for a buyer you should make this requirement the subject of one of your requisitions on title ) is sufficient evidence .

In creating the epitome of title , it is important to include land charge searches , as well as the old conveyances and mortgage deeds , and , where appropriate , it would also be necessary to include : marriage certificates to deal with apparent changes of name ; death certificates to deal with the death of one of two joint tenants ; a grant of probate to deal with the death of the owner and the appointment of executors ; and any other document that is necessary to prove a coherent line from the root deed .
in creating the epitome of title , it is important to include land charge searches , as well as the old conveyances and mortgage deeds , and , where appropriate , it would also be necessary to include : marriage certificates to deal with apparent changes of name ; death certificates to deal with the death of one of two joint tenants ; a [give] of probate to deal with the death of the owner and the appointment of executors ; and any other document that is necessary to prove a coherent line from the root deed .

But make a full copy if the transfer is n't in the simplest form — if , for example , it contains restrictions or a grant or reservation of easements .
but make a full copy if the transfer is n't in the simplest form — if , for example , it contains restrictions or a [give] or reservation of easements .

In practice the question of the duration of the disability imposed by the springboard doctrine does not frequently arise because most cases concerning confidential information do not come to trial following the grant of an interlocutory injunction and it can therefore be assumed that either the parties settle the action or that interlocutory judgment is treated as final .
in practice the question of the duration of the disability imposed by the springboard doctrine does not frequently arise because most cases concerning confidential information do not come to trial following the [give] of an interlocutory injunction and it can therefore be assumed that either the parties settle the action or that interlocutory judgment is treated as final .

However it should be recalled that even if an obligation of confidence is held to exist the grant of an injunction is in the discretion of the court .
however it should be recalled that even if an obligation of confidence is held to exist the [give] of an injunction is in the discretion of the court .

The common law refused to grant damages for innocent misrepresentation but would do so in the tort of deceit if the representation was fraudulent , although this is notoriously difficult to prove ( Derry v Peek ( 1889 ) 14 App Cas 337 ) .
the common law refused to [give] damages for innocent misrepresentation but would do so in the tort of deceit if the representation was fraudulent , although this is notoriously difficult to prove ( derry v peek ( 1889 ) 14 app cas 337 ) .

The court can either grant the application or fix a hearing date , in which case it must give the parties at least one day 's notice .
the court can either [give] the application or fix a hearing date , in which case it must give the parties at least one day 's notice .

If all parties consent , and the guardian has had an opportunity to make representations , the court may grant the request without a hearing .
if all parties consent , and the guardian has had an opportunity to make representations , the court may [give] the request without a hearing .

Others may need to rely on it pending the grant of legal aid .
others may need to rely on it pending the [give] of legal aid .

If a relative applies for a residence order to discharge the child from care the court can make a s34 contact order if it decides not to grant the residence order .
if a relative applies for a residence order to discharge the child from care the court can make a s34 contact order if it decides not to [give] the residence order .

The granting of a lease for full consideration in money or money 's worth shall not be taken to be associated with any operation effected more than three years after the grant , and no operation effected on or after 27 March 1974 shall be taken to be associated with an operation effected before that date .
the granting of a lease for full consideration in money or money 's worth shall not be taken to be associated with any operation effected more than three years after the [give] , and no operation effected on or after 27 march 1974 shall be taken to be associated with an operation effected before that date .

However , let 's grant that the linguistic theory is true .
however , let 's [give] that the linguistic theory is true .

These civil laws allow judges to grant an `` interim injunction `` to stop publication until the trial of the action — which is usually at least a year afterwards .
these civil laws allow judges to [give] an `` interim injunction `` to stop publication until the trial of the action — which is usually at least a year afterwards .

In deciding whether to grant an injunction in `` balance of convenience `` cases , the court must at least weigh in the balance the claim that free speech should not be restrained before trial of the action .
in deciding whether to [give] an injunction in `` balance of convenience `` cases , the court must at least weigh in the balance the claim that free speech should not be restrained before trial of the action .

It is financed by the film industry , and will only grant certificates to movies which it considers are within the limits of public acceptability .
it is financed by the film industry , and will only [give] certificates to movies which it considers are within the limits of public acceptability .

But is is surprising how often High Court judges , pressed for time and hearing only the plaintiff 's side , overlook the principle and grant an `` interim injunction `` without inquiring whether the defendant intends to defend .
but is is surprising how often high court judges , pressed for time and hearing only the plaintiff 's side , overlook the principle and [give] an `` interim injunction `` without inquiring whether the defendant intends to defend .

In 1982 , two experienced High Court judges were prevailed upon to grant an injunction against the circulation of information by a shipping exchange accusing the plaintiff of connection with fraud .
in 1982 , two experienced high court judges were prevailed upon to [give] an injunction against the circulation of information by a shipping exchange accusing the plaintiff of connection with fraud .

Where freedom of speech is at stake , it is unsatisfactory to make the grant of an injunction hinge upon whether the plaintiff happens to sue for libel or breach of confidence .
where freedom of speech is at stake , it is unsatisfactory to make the [give] of an injunction hinge upon whether the plaintiff happens to sue for libel or breach of confidence .

Courts may grant injunctions to stop defamatory publications which would prejudice pending criminal trials .
courts may [give] injunctions to stop defamatory publications which would prejudice pending criminal trials .

The consent must , however , relate to the actual libel published , and not merely to the grant of an interview in which the libellous subject was not specifically canvassed .
the consent must , however , relate to the actual libel published , and not merely to the [give] of an interview in which the libellous subject was not specifically canvassed .

Sarella forced herself to ignore it and replied , ‘ The company lost its grant and we had to split up .
sarella forced herself to ignore it and replied , ‘ the company lost its [give] and we had to split up .

‘ Dr Grant , our principal medical officer — oh , and he sends his apologies , by the way .
‘ dr [give] , our principal medical officer — oh , and he sends his apologies , by the way .

Lindsey added the further information to the picture she was still trying to build of the elusive Dr Niall Grant .
lindsey added the further information to the picture she was still trying to build of the elusive dr niall [give] .

Her first impression of the man she knew with a sinking feeling could only be Niall Grant was of strong , sun-tanned features which held her gaze as the blue eyes looked coolly into hers , and for the first time in her life her height , which at five feet eight inches had given her an advantage over a lot of men , suddenly seemed diminished .
her first impression of the man she knew with a sinking feeling could only be niall [give] was of strong , sun-tanned features which held her gaze as the blue eyes looked coolly into hers , and for the first time in her life her height , which at five feet eight inches had given her an advantage over a lot of men , suddenly seemed diminished .

Niall Grant was not a day over thirty-five and aggressively masculine !
niall [give] was not a day over thirty-five and aggressively masculine !

In any other circumstances she might have found Niall Grant attractive .
in any other circumstances she might have found niall [give] attractive .

She drew a deep breath . ‘ If you have any doubts about my qualifications , Dr Grant … ’
she drew a deep breath . ‘ if you have any doubts about my qualifications , dr [give] … ’

‘ Do you put all your staff through this kind of third degree , Dr Grant ?
‘ do you put all your staff through this kind of third degree , dr [give] ?

Any personal animosity she might feel for Niall Grant must be set aside .
any personal animosity she might feel for niall [give] must be set aside .

Lindsey frowned , certain that Jill had said there were no more patients , and the frown deepened as she looked up and saw Niall Grant .
lindsey frowned , certain that jill had said there were no more patients , and the frown deepened as she looked up and saw niall [give] .

The fact that Niall Grant was a very attractive man was totally irrelevant .
the fact that niall [give] was a very attractive man was totally irrelevant .

For a moment , Niall Grant 's mouth tightened ominously .
for a moment , niall [give] 's mouth tightened ominously .

Niall Grant was about as vulnerable as a shark !
niall [give] was about as vulnerable as a shark !

Above it all , Niall Grant 's voice was calm , decisive — authoritative , Lindsey thought , as she worked steadily .
above it all , niall [give] 's voice was calm , decisive — authoritative , lindsey thought , as she worked steadily .

Something told her she was going to need all the energy she had , working with Niall Grant for the next three weeks .
something told her she was going to need all the energy she had , working with niall [give] for the next three weeks .

Niall Grant stood there , only now , instead of a uniform , he was wearing an expensively tailored dark suit and a smile that sent a very odd tremor sliding down her spine .
niall [give] stood there , only now , instead of a uniform , he was wearing an expensively tailored dark suit and a smile that sent a very odd tremor sliding down her spine .

Lindsey threw him a sharp look before her gaze fell . Why did she get the feeling that in any argument with Niall Grant , he would always come out the winner ? ‘ Is n't it a little late ? ’
lindsey threw him a sharp look before her gaze fell . why did she get the feeling that in any argument with niall [give] , he would always come out the winner ? ‘ is n't it a little late ? ’

‘ Well , goodnight , then , Dr Grant .
‘ well , goodnight , then , dr [give] .

‘ Niall here — Niall Grant .
‘ niall here — niall [give] .

Without turning her head , Lindsey could feel the weight of Niall Grant 's blue eyes watching her , a frown suddenly darkening his gaze .
without turning her head , lindsey could feel the weight of niall [give] 's blue eyes watching her , a frown suddenly darkening his gaze .

The firm set of Niall Grant 's mouth suggested that she was treading on dangerous ground .
the firm set of niall [give] 's mouth suggested that she was treading on dangerous ground .

Right now she had enough to think about without letting her imagination run riot where Niall Grant was concerned .
right now she had enough to think about without letting her imagination run riot where niall [give] was concerned .

Though why she should need any kind of defence against Niall Grant was a question to which there seemed no logical answer .
though why she should need any kind of defence against niall [give] was a question to which there seemed no logical answer .

‘ Been telling tales out of school , Dr Grant ? ’ She could n't resist aiming the jibe .
‘ been telling tales out of school , dr [give] ? ’ she could n't resist aiming the jibe .

Niall Grant was an enigma , and she decided she did n't like enigmas .
niall [give] was an enigma , and she decided she did n't like enigmas .

She was in love with Niall Grant .
she was in love with niall [give] .

Some things were best avoided , and Niall Grant definitely came into that category .
some things were best avoided , and niall [give] definitely came into that category .

Suddenly she was beginning to find working in close proximity to Niall Grant much too disturbing for her own peace of mind .
suddenly she was beginning to find working in close proximity to niall [give] much too disturbing for her own peace of mind .

‘ Be careful , Dr Grant !
‘ be careful , dr [give] !

Further , a sale of the house in such circumstances can not be arranged until a grant of representation to the husband 's estate is obtained .
further , a sale of the house in such circumstances can not be arranged until a [give] of representation to the husband 's estate is obtained .

The American owned company is mothballing the plant and at the moment do n't have to repay the millions of pounds of grant aid its received .
the american owned company is mothballing the plant and at the moment do n't have to repay the millions of pounds of [give] aid its received .

The legislation allows them to grant permission subject to ‘ such conditions as they think fit ’ , but this does not mean ‘ as they please ’ .
the legislation allows them to [give] permission subject to ‘ such conditions as they think fit ’ , but this does not mean ‘ as they please ’ .

Accumulated unused permissions could constitute a difficult problem for some local authorities : they create uncertainty and could make an authority reluctant to grant further permissions , which might result in , for example , too great a strain on public services .
accumulated unused permissions could constitute a difficult problem for some local authorities : they create uncertainty and could make an authority reluctant to [give] further permissions , which might result in , for example , too great a strain on public services .

It will be interesting to see whether , as suggested by Malcolm Grant , the fee system will ‘ lead to significant changes over time in the relationship between applicants and local planning authorities ’ .
it will be interesting to see whether , as suggested by malcolm [give] , the fee system will ‘ lead to significant changes over time in the relationship between applicants and local planning authorities ’ .

It is hardly likely that a local authority would grant permission for a development against which it had served an enforcement notice , but it could , of course , attach conditions ; and for the owner there is the usual right of appeal .
it is hardly likely that a local authority would [give] permission for a development against which it had served an enforcement notice , but it could , of course , attach conditions ; and for the owner there is the usual right of appeal .

refusal or conditional grant of planning permission ;
refusal or conditional [give] of planning permission ;

Demolition as a ‘ fait accompli' can be used by developers to force the grant of planning permission .
demolition as a ‘ fait accompli' can be used by developers to force the [give] of planning permission .

The charge was to be levied ‘ for failure to complete development within a specified period from the grant of planning permission ’ .
the charge was to be levied ‘ for failure to complete development within a specified period from the [give] of planning permission ’ .

The 1977 white paper Policy for the Inner Cities dealt with several aspects of vacant land , while the Inner Urban Areas Act 1978 widened the concept of dereliction and provided for grant aid in certain areas .
the 1977 white paper policy for the inner cities dealt with several aspects of vacant land , while the inner urban areas act 1978 widened the concept of dereliction and provided for [give] aid in certain areas .

This is now leading to an increase in the availability of public sector land for development by the private sector , which is complemented by policies providing financial incentives such as Derelict Land Grant and the Urban Development Grant .
this is now leading to an increase in the availability of public sector land for development by the private sector , which is complemented by policies providing financial incentives such as derelict land [give] and the urban development [give] .

If , after all this , the local authority is ‘ disposed to grant consent ’ for the demolition ( and , in certain cases , the alteration ) of a listed building , it has to refer the application to the secretary of state so that he can decide whether to ‘ call in ’ the proposal and deal with it himself .
if , after all this , the local authority is ‘ disposed to [give] consent ’ for the demolition ( and , in certain cases , the alteration ) of a listed building , it has to refer the application to the secretary of state so that he can decide whether to ‘ call in ’ the proposal and deal with it himself .

The State grant remains the same , although in view of our rising reputation there are rumours it might be increased next year , especially if we make a success of the new production .
the state [give] remains the same , although in view of our rising reputation there are rumours it might be increased next year , especially if we make a success of the new production .

Maintaining the building is covered by the State grant , but there is very little left over for anything else .
maintaining the building is covered by the state [give] , but there is very little left over for anything else .

Our grant will surely be increased next year .
our [give] will surely be increased next year .

Grant Thornton Chartered Accountants
[give] thornton chartered accountants

Other names in past reserve teams include Nicholls ( was n't he supposed to be an up and coming star ? ) , Grant , Smithard , Whelan , Hodge … but no Forrester !
other names in past reserve teams include nicholls ( was n't he supposed to be an up and coming star ? ) , [give] , smithard , whelan , hodge … but no forrester !

Have to think about it but the name that immediately springs to mind for most of them is Russell Grant .
have to think about it but the name that immediately springs to mind for most of them is russell [give] .

( 2/10 ) Against Huddersfield ( 1–1 9/10 ) and Scunthorpe ( won 2–0 16/10 ) Smithard played well as did Tony Grant who got two and Martin Littlewood who bagged one .
( 2/10 ) against huddersfield ( 1–1 9/10 ) and scunthorpe ( won 2–0 16/10 ) smithard played well as did tony [give] who got two and martin littlewood who bagged one .

Famous Leeds fans past and present . So far we 've only got Roy Castle , David Hamilton , and Russell Grant ( why did n't he give us advance warning about last season ? )
famous leeds fans past and present . so far we 've only got roy castle , david hamilton , and russell [give] ( why did n't he give us advance warning about last season ? )

For example , banks grant personal loans to customers to be repaid in instalments over a set number of years ( typically six months to five years ) .
for example , banks [give] personal loans to customers to be repaid in instalments over a set number of years ( typically six months to five years ) .

For example , if there is an upsurge in consumer demand for credit , banks may be very keen to grant additional loans and thus make more profits , even though they have acquired no additional liquid assets .
for example , if there is an upsurge in consumer demand for credit , banks may be very keen to [give] additional loans and thus make more profits , even though they have acquired no additional liquid assets .

If , however , bills are not counted as liquid , then for each extra £1 worth of bills they purchase , they can grant £10 worth less credit ( .
if , however , bills are not counted as liquid , then for each extra £1 worth of bills they purchase , they can [give] £10 worth less credit ( .

Will students in receipt of a grant or an allowance who are paid once per term have a high or a low transactions demand for money relative to their income ?
will students in receipt of a [give] or an allowance who are paid once per term have a high or a low transactions demand for money relative to their income ?

Given that there is surplus liquidity that banks are prevented from using to grant loans , Goodhart 's law may apply quite severely .
given that there is surplus liquidity that banks are prevented from using to [give] loans , goodhart 's law may apply quite severely .

’ a ) the damage to the reputation of the profession as a whole and to sole practitioners in particular , resulting from grant limitation ;
’ a ) the damage to the reputation of the profession as a whole and to sole practitioners in particular , resulting from [give] limitation ;

c ) the cost of separate insurance provision and increased vetting and supervision which could be passed onto the profession and might outweigh the savings made by grant limitation ;
c ) the cost of separate insurance provision and increased vetting and supervision which could be passed onto the profession and might outweigh the savings made by [give] limitation ;

Grant Thornton Chartered Accountants
[give] thornton chartered accountants

After three consecutive games without a win Aberdeen boss Willie Miller brought back Gary Smith , Lee Richardson and Brian Grant , with Grant making his first appearance since the opening day of the season .
after three consecutive games without a win aberdeen boss willie miller brought back gary smith , lee richardson and brian [give] , with [give] making his first appearance since the opening day of the season .

Why should he suddenly grant you an audience ?
why should he suddenly [give] you an audience ?

Once we grant ourselves the licence to collect the physical artefacts of software , there remain , at least at first sight , respects in which software is both like , and unlike , traditional museum objects .
once we [give] ourselves the licence to collect the physical artefacts of software , there remain , at least at first sight , respects in which software is both like , and unlike , traditional museum objects .

There will exist a real wage rate ( Layard calls this the ‘ feasible real wage rate ’ ) which employers are prepared to grant to workers .
there will exist a real wage rate ( layard calls this the ‘ feasible real wage rate ’ ) which employers are prepared to [give] to workers .

If , by virtue of the above , proceedings may be commenced in either court , the choice of court will be influenced by the following considerations : ( 1 ) where the case is eventually to be tried , ie whether in the High Court or in the county court — separate rules for each , set out below , apply ; ( 2 ) whether the county court has jurisdiction to grant the relief being sought ( see Chapter 2 ) ; ( 3 ) whether the county court has jurisdiction to enforce the judgment to be obtained ( see Chapter 2 ) ; and ( 4 ) the risk of being struck out or penalised in disallowance of costs if proceedings which are clearly suitable for one court are brought instead in the other ( see below ) .
if , by virtue of the above , proceedings may be commenced in either court , the choice of court will be influenced by the following considerations : ( 1 ) where the case is eventually to be tried , ie whether in the high court or in the county court — separate rules for each , set out below , apply ; ( 2 ) whether the county court has jurisdiction to [give] the relief being sought ( see chapter 2 ) ; ( 3 ) whether the county court has jurisdiction to enforce the judgment to be obtained ( see chapter 2 ) ; and ( 4 ) the risk of being struck out or penalised in disallowance of costs if proceedings which are clearly suitable for one court are brought instead in the other ( see below ) .

An action purporting to have been commenced against a person who is dead at its commencement is treated as if it had been commenced against his estate , whether or not a grant of representation had been issued at its commencement ( Ord 5 , r 8(3) ) .
an action purporting to have been commenced against a person who is dead at its commencement is treated as if it had been commenced against his estate , whether or not a [give] of representation had been issued at its commencement ( ord 5 , r 8(3) ) .

These applications are not regarded as a mere formality by most courts which may require the originating application to state the grounds in proper detail , for example that the lessor may require to occupy at the expiration of the lease ; that the premises are temporarily surplus to the needs of the lessor ; that the lessee has indicated that he only requires the premises for a limited period ; that there is to be development at the expiration of the term ; that the lessor is only prepared to grant if the section is excluded ; that exclusion of the section has been taken into consideration in negotiations for the rent , or possibly that the premises form part of other premises which brings the provisions of management of the whole into question if the section is not excluded .
these applications are not regarded as a mere formality by most courts which may require the originating application to state the grounds in proper detail , for example that the lessor may require to occupy at the expiration of the lease ; that the premises are temporarily surplus to the needs of the lessor ; that the lessee has indicated that he only requires the premises for a limited period ; that there is to be development at the expiration of the term ; that the lessor is only prepared to [give] if the section is excluded ; that exclusion of the section has been taken into consideration in negotiations for the rent , or possibly that the premises form part of other premises which brings the provisions of management of the whole into question if the section is not excluded .

Some applications for adjournment are made ex parte on filing written consent of all parties but reason for the adjournment is expected to be given , and the court may not necessarily grant it even if all parties consent .
some applications for adjournment are made ex parte on filing written consent of all parties but reason for the adjournment is expected to be given , and the court may not necessarily [give] it even if all parties consent .

Section 138 does not affect the court 's powers to grant relief on such terms as it thinks fit under s 146 ( 2 ) of the Law of Property Act 1925 , but subject thereto , it provides that where rent arrears have not been paid into court not less than five clear days before the hearing , then if there is a right of re-entry or forfeiture the court must order possession at the expiry of such period , not being less than four weeks from the date of the order , as the court thinks fit , unless within that period the lessee pays into court all the rent in arrears and the costs .
section 138 does not affect the court 's powers to [give] relief on such terms as it thinks fit under s 146 ( 2 ) of the law of property act 1925 , but subject thereto , it provides that where rent arrears have not been paid into court not less than five clear days before the hearing , then if there is a right of re-entry or forfeiture the court must order possession at the expiry of such period , not being less than four weeks from the date of the order , as the court thinks fit , unless within that period the lessee pays into court all the rent in arrears and the costs .

The jurisdiction to grant relief for breach of covenant other than to pay rent is discretionary , and may be given on terms .
the jurisdiction to [give] relief for breach of covenant other than to pay rent is discretionary , and may be given on terms .

Any judgment or order made against a party in his absence , ie where he does not appear at the hearing and a judgment or order is made against him , `` may `` be set aside , and if on the facts a refusal would involve a miscarriage of justice , the judge `` must `` grant the application — See Note `` Discretion to set aside `` under Ord 37 , r 2 ) .
any judgment or order made against a party in his absence , ie where he does not appear at the hearing and a judgment or order is made against him , `` may `` be set aside , and if on the facts a refusal would involve a miscarriage of justice , the judge `` must `` [give] the application — see note `` discretion to set aside `` under ord 37 , r 2 ) .

In Precedent 1 , cl 5.5 gives an example of a simple retention of title clause , coupled with the express grant of a power to sue for the price , once the due date for payment has come , even though property has not passed .
in precedent 1 , cl 5.5 gives an example of a simple retention of title clause , coupled with the express [give] of a power to sue for the price , once the due date for payment has come , even though property has not passed .

By s12 of the Solicitors Act , the Law Society is given discretion to grant or refuse an application for a practising certificate in the following cases : ( 1 ) a first application ; ( 2 ) an application by a solicitor who has never held an unconditional certificate since admission ; ( 3 ) where 12 months or more will have elapsed since a practising certificate was last held ; ( 4 ) after the disciplinary tribunal has ordered a penalty or costs against the applicant or delivered a reprimand ; ( 5 ) after failure by the applicant to offer sufficient explanation for his or her professional conduct after being called upon so to do ; ( 6 ) after failure to deliver an accountant 's report in due time ( and an additional fee will be payable if the discretion is not invoked to refuse the application ) ; ( 7 ) after the expiry of a period of suspension ; ( 8 ) after the name of the applicant who has been struck off is restored to the roll ; ( 9 ) while the applicant is an undischarged bankrupt ; ( 10 ) after the applicant 's discharge from bankruptcy or after the applicant has entered into a composition or deed of arrangement for the benefit of his creditors ; ( 11 ) while the applicant is a patient as defined by s94 of the Mental Health Act 1983 or a person as to whom powers have been exercised under s104 of the Mental Health Act 1959 or s98 of the 1983 Act ; ( 12 ) where the applicant has received a sentence of imprisonment ; ( 13 ) where the applicant has failed to satisfy a money judgment against him or her which is not a judgment limited to costs and which is not a judgment in respect of which indemnity or relief from some other person is available .
by s12 of the solicitors act , the law society is given discretion to [give] or refuse an application for a practising certificate in the following cases : ( 1 ) a first application ; ( 2 ) an application by a solicitor who has never held an unconditional certificate since admission ; ( 3 ) where 12 months or more will have elapsed since a practising certificate was last held ; ( 4 ) after the disciplinary tribunal has ordered a penalty or costs against the applicant or delivered a reprimand ; ( 5 ) after failure by the applicant to offer sufficient explanation for his or her professional conduct after being called upon so to do ; ( 6 ) after failure to deliver an accountant 's report in due time ( and an additional fee will be payable if the discretion is not invoked to refuse the application ) ; ( 7 ) after the expiry of a period of suspension ; ( 8 ) after the name of the applicant who has been struck off is restored to the roll ; ( 9 ) while the applicant is an undischarged bankrupt ; ( 10 ) after the applicant 's discharge from bankruptcy or after the applicant has entered into a composition or deed of arrangement for the benefit of his creditors ; ( 11 ) while the applicant is a patient as defined by s94 of the mental health act 1983 or a person as to whom powers have been exercised under s104 of the mental health act 1959 or s98 of the 1983 act ; ( 12 ) where the applicant has received a sentence of imprisonment ; ( 13 ) where the applicant has failed to satisfy a money judgment against him or her which is not a judgment limited to costs and which is not a judgment in respect of which indemnity or relief from some other person is available .

Where after notification of any of the matters in cases ( 4 ) to ( 13 ) the Society proceeds to grant an unconditional certificate subsequent applications need not contain references to those matters .
where after notification of any of the matters in cases ( 4 ) to ( 13 ) the society proceeds to [give] an unconditional certificate subsequent applications need not contain references to those matters .

The Council of the Law Society has power to grant waivers in appropriate cases , eg where additional accommodation is not so much a separate office as an annexe to the main place of business , and will as a matter of practice take soundings from the local law society before reaching its decision .
the council of the law society has power to [give] waivers in appropriate cases , eg where additional accommodation is not so much a separate office as an annexe to the main place of business , and will as a matter of practice take soundings from the local law society before reaching its decision .

That rule prohibits solicitors practising in partnership or `` in association `` ( where two or more firms have at least one common principal ) from representing : ( 1 ) both seller and buyer in a transfer of land for value at arm 's length ; or ( 2 ) both lessor and lessee on the grant of a lease for value at arm 's length ; or ( 3 ) both lender and borrower in a private mortgage at arm 's length with exceptions made only in the case of : ( 1 ) small transactions ; ( 2 ) where the parties are connected with each other ( commercially or personally ) ; ( 3 ) where there is no other solicitor or licensed conveyancer in the vicinity whom either party might reasonably instruct ; ( 4 ) where two associated firms or two offices of the same firm acting for the parties are in different locations , neither firm having received instructions to act on referral from the other and the matter is dealt with or supervised by a different solicitor at each firm or office and , where the solicitor is not involved in the negotiations , where no conflict of interest arises and where neither vendor nor lessor is a builder or developer .
that rule prohibits solicitors practising in partnership or `` in association `` ( where two or more firms have at least one common principal ) from representing : ( 1 ) both seller and buyer in a transfer of land for value at arm 's length ; or ( 2 ) both lessor and lessee on the [give] of a lease for value at arm 's length ; or ( 3 ) both lender and borrower in a private mortgage at arm 's length with exceptions made only in the case of : ( 1 ) small transactions ; ( 2 ) where the parties are connected with each other ( commercially or personally ) ; ( 3 ) where there is no other solicitor or licensed conveyancer in the vicinity whom either party might reasonably instruct ; ( 4 ) where two associated firms or two offices of the same firm acting for the parties are in different locations , neither firm having received instructions to act on referral from the other and the matter is dealt with or supervised by a different solicitor at each firm or office and , where the solicitor is not involved in the negotiations , where no conflict of interest arises and where neither vendor nor lessor is a builder or developer .

10.7.2 The court refused to grant an injunction
10.7.2 the court refused to [give] an injunction

Thus , the use of the word `` demise `` will give rise to two implied covenants on the part of the landlord : namely , that he is entitled to grant some term in the demised property and that the tenant shall have quiet enjoyment of the demised property .
thus , the use of the word `` demise `` will give rise to two implied covenants on the part of the landlord : namely , that he is entitled to [give] some term in the demised property and that the tenant shall have quiet enjoyment of the demised property .

However , the court will readily imply the grant of such easements as may be necessary to give effect to the common intention of the parties with reference to the manner and purposes for which the demised property is to be used .
however , the court will readily imply the [give] of such easements as may be necessary to give effect to the common intention of the parties with reference to the manner and purposes for which the demised property is to be used .

Failure to deal with these matters on the grant of the lease often leads to complaints from adjoining tenants and sometimes to an action against the landlord for derogation from his grant .
failure to deal with these matters on the [give] of the lease often leads to complaints from adjoining tenants and sometimes to an action against the landlord for derogation from his [give] .

In such a case the tenant 's adviser should insist on an express covenant by the landlord to keep the road in repair and the grant of an express easement to the tenant to use the road .
in such a case the tenant 's adviser should insist on an express covenant by the landlord to keep the road in repair and the [give] of an express easement to the tenant to use the road .

This may be achieved either by way of limitation in the grant of the right itself or by way of separate covenant .
this may be achieved either by way of limitation in the [give] of the right itself or by way of separate covenant .

On the one hand , he may include individual parking spaces within each demise ; on the other , he may grant each tenant a general right to park cars , either limited to a specified number of cars per tenant or on a daily `` first come first served `` basis .
on the one hand , he may include individual parking spaces within each demise ; on the other , he may [give] each tenant a general right to park cars , either limited to a specified number of cars per tenant or on a daily `` first come first served `` basis .

It is by no means unusual for an aggrieved tenant to sue the landlord for derogation from his grant .
it is by no means unusual for an aggrieved tenant to sue the landlord for derogation from his [give] .

The grant of a right , but not the exclusive right , to park cars has the advantage of flexibility .
the [give] of a right , but not the exclusive right , to park cars has the advantage of flexibility .

The draftsman should either designate in the lease the place where the advertisement may be maintained , or grant the tenant a right to maintain an advertisement in such place as may be designated from time to time by the landlord or his surveyor .
the draftsman should either designate in the lease the place where the advertisement may be maintained , or [give] the tenant a right to maintain an advertisement in such place as may be designated from time to time by the landlord or his surveyor .

Where the demised property consists of part only of a building the draftsman may either include sanitary facilities in each demise or he may grant each tenant a right to use communal facilities .
where the demised property consists of part only of a building the draftsman may either include sanitary facilities in each demise or he may [give] each tenant a right to use communal facilities .

In all other cases it is advisable to grant tenants easements to use the facilities in common with the other tenants in the building .
in all other cases it is advisable to [give] tenants easements to use the facilities in common with the other tenants in the building .

The tenant must consider whether the needs of his business require the grant of rights to maintain telecommunication apparatus on the building ( eg satellite dishes ) .
the tenant must consider whether the needs of his business require the [give] of rights to maintain telecommunication apparatus on the building ( eg satellite dishes ) .

If so , this should be covered by the grant of an express right .
if so , this should be covered by the [give] of an express right .

Prima facie the rules against perpetuities applies to the grant of easements over things not in existence at the date of the lease .
prima facie the rules against perpetuities applies to the [give] of easements over things not in existence at the date of the lease .

The length of the term that the landlord is prepared to grant , and the tenant to take , is usually outside the draftsman 's province .
the length of the term that the landlord is prepared to [give] , and the tenant to take , is usually outside the draftsman 's province .

It is safer to grant a tenancy for a term certain , subject to a break-clause , that is contracted out of the 1954 Act ( Scholl Mfg Co Ltd v Clifton ( Slim-Line ) Ltd [ 1967 ] Ch 41 at 51 ) .
it is safer to [give] a tenancy for a term certain , subject to a break-clause , that is contracted out of the 1954 act ( scholl mfg co ltd v clifton ( slim-line ) ltd [ 1967 ] ch 41 at 51 ) .

The only circumstances in which an option to renew will be of practical value to the tenant are where the landlord might be able successfully to oppose the grant of a new tenancy .
the only circumstances in which an option to renew will be of practical value to the tenant are where the landlord might be able successfully to oppose the [give] of a new tenancy .

In such circumstances , however , it is unlikely that the landlord would be prepared to grant an option to renew .
in such circumstances , however , it is unlikely that the landlord would be prepared to [give] an option to renew .

The grant of a `` contracted out `` tenancy , followed by the grant of an option to renew for a term which will not be contracted out is a useful mechanism to achieve a position where the tenant 's loss of security of tenure is only temporary .
the [give] of a `` contracted out `` tenancy , followed by the [give] of an option to renew for a term which will not be contracted out is a useful mechanism to achieve a position where the tenant 's loss of security of tenure is only temporary .

In any event , the grant of an option to renew may depress the value of the landlord 's reversion and reduce the number of potential purchasers of it since the plans of a purchaser who wishes to redevelop or to occupy the property for the purposes of his own business may be frustrated by the exercise of the option .
in any event , the [give] of an option to renew may depress the value of the landlord 's reversion and reduce the number of potential purchasers of it since the plans of a purchaser who wishes to redevelop or to occupy the property for the purposes of his own business may be frustrated by the exercise of the option .

( d ) Terms of the new lease The terms of the new lease should be clearly specified in the grant of the option .
( d ) terms of the new lease the terms of the new lease should be clearly specified in the [give] of the option .

This may be done by including in the grant of the option a proviso that it is to be void if it is not registered as an estate contract within , say , three months from the date of the lease .
this may be done by including in the [give] of the option a proviso that it is to be void if it is not registered as an estate contract within , say , three months from the date of the lease .

However , unless the landlord and the tenant agree , the court can not order the grant of a term exceeding fourteen years ( ibid ) .
however , unless the landlord and the tenant agree , the court can not order the [give] of a term exceeding fourteen years ( ibid ) .

It is nowadays quite unrealistic for a tenant even to attempt to secure a long letting of commercial property at a fixed rack rent ; and no well-advised landlord would grant such a lease .
it is nowadays quite unrealistic for a tenant even to attempt to secure a long letting of commercial property at a fixed rack rent ; and no well-advised landlord would [give] such a lease .

( c ) Premiums It may be that the headtenant will grant subleases in consideration of a premium and a low rent .
( c ) premiums it may be that the headtenant will [give] subleases in consideration of a premium and a low rent .

Newco 's solicitor should find out whether any government grant to the target business is repayable on a change of control .
newco 's solicitor should find out whether any government [give] to the target business is repayable on a change of control .

Institutional shareholders prefer an employee trust to an option scheme , as it will not dilute their equity in the company ; this is because an option scheme established by a company usually provides for options to subscribe shares , whereas an employee trust can be empowered to grant options over shares already in issue and which come to be held by the trust , as where an employee leaves and sells his shares to the trustees .
institutional shareholders prefer an employee trust to an option scheme , as it will not dilute their equity in the company ; this is because an option scheme established by a company usually provides for options to subscribe shares , whereas an employee trust can be empowered to [give] options over shares already in issue and which come to be held by the trust , as where an employee leaves and sells his shares to the trustees .

In particular the purchaser should not grant exceptions to the exclusivity as the court will then require the attendance of the vendor before granting the injunction .
in particular the purchaser should not [give] exceptions to the exclusivity as the court will then require the attendance of the vendor before granting the injunction .

The vendor is unlikely to grant the purchaser much freedom in its use of the retention .
the vendor is unlikely to [give] the purchaser much freedom in its use of the retention .

Despite the fact that representatives of both Korea and Taiwan appeared at the public hearing on the issue to argue their case , Interior Secretary Bruce Babbitt is expected to grant the request for certification .
despite the fact that representatives of both korea and taiwan appeared at the public hearing on the issue to argue their case , interior secretary bruce babbitt is expected to [give] the request for certification .

The proposals , in the form of a consultation document , would grant people the right to request information on a wide range of issues from government bodies .
the proposals , in the form of a consultation document , would [give] people the right to request information on a wide range of issues from government bodies .

The proportion of broadleaved trees , which currently account for 46 per cent of new plantings , is planned to increase , partly as a result of financial incentives for the private sector under the woodland grant scheme .
the proportion of broadleaved trees , which currently account for 46 per cent of new plantings , is planned to increase , partly as a result of financial incentives for the private sector under the woodland [give] scheme .

Tree-planting has fallen from a peak of 29,000 hectares in the year to March 1988 to 17,300 hectares in 1992 , following the replacement of tax incentives for planting by a grant system in the 1988 budget .
tree-planting has fallen from a peak of 29,000 hectares in the year to march 1988 to 17,300 hectares in 1992 , following the replacement of tax incentives for planting by a [give] system in the 1988 budget .

It is home to a number of rare birds and animals , including Grant 's Bush Baby .
it is home to a number of rare birds and animals , including [give] 's bush baby .

Four of the biggest British companies in the waste-to-energy business ( generating power from waste ) have formed a lobby group to persuade the government to grant them a subsidy .
four of the biggest british companies in the waste-to-energy business ( generating power from waste ) have formed a lobby group to persuade the government to [give] them a subsidy .

The grant recognizes their ownership of a little over one million hectares in the Pastaza region , in the east of the country .
the [give] recognizes their ownership of a little over one million hectares in the pastaza region , in the east of the country .

The seven-member committee — dubbed the `` God Squad `` because of its power to override the Endangered Species Act — will have about six months to decide whether to grant an exemption to the provisions of the Act and permit logging to resume on 4,750 acres in 44 tracts owned by the Bureau of Land Management .
the seven-member committee — dubbed the `` god squad `` because of its power to override the endangered species act — will have about six months to decide whether to [give] an exemption to the provisions of the act and permit logging to resume on 4,750 acres in 44 tracts owned by the bureau of land management .

It embarked on a protectionist policy and in return for the grant of a tariff to an industry , demanded that its major producers should reorganize themselves .
it embarked on a protectionist policy and in return for the [give] of a tariff to an industry , demanded that its major producers should reorganize themselves .

You can get a planting grant or an annual management grant .
you can get a planting [give] or an annual management [give] .

You will note that my Local Search reveals a repair grant of £704.48 registered on 3rd January 1984 but the period of three years requiring payment have now lapsed .
you will note that my local search reveals a repair [give] of £704.48 registered on 3rd january 1984 but the period of three years requiring payment have now lapsed .

Although conceding , in a footnote , that one may use extrabiblical material to ‘ illuminate scripture ’ , her basic stance is to grant to the text the status of a self-contained entity .
although conceding , in a footnote , that one may use extrabiblical material to ‘ illuminate scripture ’ , her basic stance is to [give] to the text the status of a self-contained entity .

Basic : a basic grant of £2,400 for each trainee who is simply unemployed .
basic : a basic [give] of £2,400 for each trainee who is simply unemployed .

`` 0 merciful God , grant that the old Adam in this child may be so buried , that the new man may be raised up in her .
`` 0 merciful god , [give] that the old adam in this child may be so buried , that the new man may be raised up in her .

Grant that all carnal affections may die in her , and that all things belonging to the Spirit may live and grow in her .
[give] that all carnal affections may die in her , and that all things belonging to the spirit may live and grow in her .

He remembered how innocently they had discussed which natives they would blow to smithereens and which they would grant a reprieve to .
he remembered how innocently they had discussed which natives they would blow to smithereens and which they would [give] a reprieve to .

Individuals remain third parties to treaties guaranteeing the protection of human rights , although some such treaties grant individuals procedural rights in international arenas .
individuals remain third parties to treaties guaranteeing the protection of human rights , although some such treaties [give] individuals procedural rights in international arenas .

Suppose , for example , that there was some fundamental change in the circumstances that had been the basis for the grant of the right to the third party , and that this change radically transformed the extent of the obligations of the parties .
suppose , for example , that there was some fundamental change in the circumstances that had been the basis for the [give] of the right to the third party , and that this change radically transformed the extent of the obligations of the parties .

The Court was asked whether the General Assembly could extend its powers under the Mandate system to authorise the Committee on South West Africa to grant oral hearings to inhabitants of the Territory .
the court was asked whether the general assembly could extend its powers under the mandate system to authorise the committee on south west africa to [give] oral hearings to inhabitants of the territory .

Certain human rights treaties grant individuals access to international arenas , when the State in question has expressly agreed to this procedure .
certain human rights treaties [give] individuals access to international arenas , when the state in question has expressly agreed to this procedure .

and thought of what she should do next , without this view , without the solace of a yearly grant , without the irreproachable ( or now , through custom , irreproachable ) excuse of study .
and thought of what she should do next , without this view , without the solace of a yearly [give] , without the irreproachable ( or now , through custom , irreproachable ) excuse of study .

They had discovered that Graham had drawn three false passports , in the names of Michael Green , Miles Grant and Mark Gordon , and used one of them to fly to Beirut .
they had discovered that graham had drawn three false passports , in the names of michael green , miles [give] and mark gordon , and used one of them to fly to beirut .

The supplement goes on to look at the law covering the conservation of protected buildings and areas , reporting on incentives like the Town Scheme grant , which can provide 40 per cent grants for repair and restoration work from combined funding between local authorities and English Heritage .
the supplement goes on to look at the law covering the conservation of protected buildings and areas , reporting on incentives like the town scheme [give] , which can provide 40 per cent grants for repair and restoration work from combined funding between local authorities and english heritage .

On the foregoing conditions the Goldsmiths ' Company will grant to the Corporation a lease of the School Buildings and Land connected therewith free of rent for 999 years , and will give them a perpetual endowment of £290 per annum in addition to the sum of £10 which they are bound to pay under the will of Sir Edmond Shaa ; but the Lease and the Endowment Grant shall contain clauses giving the Goldsmiths ' Company the right of re-entry in the one case and making the annuity to cease in the other on breach of any or either of the conditions above named . ``
on the foregoing conditions the goldsmiths ' company will [give] to the corporation a lease of the school buildings and land connected therewith free of rent for 999 years , and will give them a perpetual endowment of £290 per annum in addition to the sum of £10 which they are bound to pay under the will of sir edmond shaa ; but the lease and the endowment [give] shall contain clauses giving the goldsmiths ' company the right of re-entry in the one case and making the annuity to cease in the other on breach of any or either of the conditions above named . ``

`` that it is desirable that before anything is done as to interfere in the internal arrangement of the School , that application be made to the Goldsmiths ' Company for an additional grant . ``
`` that it is desirable that before anything is done as to interfere in the internal arrangement of the school , that application be made to the goldsmiths ' company for an additional [give] . ``

By 1910 ) there were 155 pupils on the roll ; although this was only five more than that for which the original buildings had been designed , and there was now also the extra Sykes classroom , the Board of Education indicated that there was serious overcrowding and something would have to be done : the School fell considerably short of modern standards , and unless the Governors could provide suitable accommodation , the grant would not be paid after July 1915 .
by 1910 ) there were 155 pupils on the roll ; although this was only five more than that for which the original buildings had been designed , and there was now also the extra sykes classroom , the board of education indicated that there was serious overcrowding and something would have to be done : the school fell considerably short of modern standards , and unless the governors could provide suitable accommodation , the [give] would not be paid after july 1915 .

Under the terms of the 1944 Education Act , the Governors opted for `` Direct Grant `` status , whereby the School received a grant direct from the Government in return for offering a quarter of the places ( either `` free `` or assisted ) for boys from the areas of adjacent Local Education Authorities .
under the terms of the 1944 education act , the governors opted for `` direct [give] `` status , whereby the school received a [give] direct from the government in return for offering a quarter of the places ( either `` free `` or assisted ) for boys from the areas of adjacent local education authorities .

Local businesses responded generously to an appeal from School , and a generous grant was received from a fund which had been set up by leading industrialists to help Independent Schools to provide buildings and equipment for Scientific teaching and research .
local businesses responded generously to an appeal from school , and a generous [give] was received from a fund which had been set up by leading industrialists to help independent schools to provide buildings and equipment for scientific teaching and research .

The election in October 1964 of a Labour Government committed to the concept of `` comprehensive `` education seemed to threaten the School 's Direct Grant status .
the election in october 1964 of a labour government committed to the concept of `` comprehensive `` education seemed to threaten the school 's direct [give] status .

The Government set up a Public Schools Commission to investigate the Direct Grant Schools : this brought together the sixty Heads of Direct Grant schools in the Headmasters ' Conference in much the same way as the Taunton Commission had led to the creation of the Conference itself in 1869 .
the government set up a public schools commission to investigate the direct [give] schools : this brought together the sixty heads of direct [give] schools in the headmasters ' conference in much the same way as the taunton commission had led to the creation of the conference itself in 1869 .

We wish to continue as a Direct Grant school in friendly co-operation with the local authorities , and we are prepared to be flexible in any new arrangements that we may be able to make together , but we feel that we must preserve the quality , traditions , and record of this School and keep faith with the benefactions of the past and present .
we wish to continue as a direct [give] school in friendly co-operation with the local authorities , and we are prepared to be flexible in any new arrangements that we may be able to make together , but we feel that we must preserve the quality , traditions , and record of this school and keep faith with the benefactions of the past and present .

We believe that the record of Direct Grant schools justifies confidence in the system — the aim should surely be to bring more independent schools ( boarding and day ) into the Direct Grant scheme . ``
we believe that the record of direct [give] schools justifies confidence in the system — the aim should surely be to bring more independent schools ( boarding and day ) into the direct [give] scheme . ``

Meanwhile the return of a Labour Government in 1974 had once again brought into question the status of Direct Grant schools , and it was announced in Parliament on 11th March that it was intended to phase out the system over a period of seven years , commencing in September 1976 .
meanwhile the return of a labour government in 1974 had once again brought into question the status of direct [give] schools , and it was announced in parliament on 11th march that it was intended to phase out the system over a period of seven years , commencing in september 1976 .

Parents had , inevitably in a Direct Grant school , always been closely involved since they were , numerically , the biggest source of income for new building projects , which could not be financed from fees ; but the only formal organization had been the Ladies ' Committee , in whose capable hands the Autumn Fairs and Scandinavian Evenings had prospered over the years .
parents had , inevitably in a direct [give] school , always been closely involved since they were , numerically , the biggest source of income for new building projects , which could not be financed from fees ; but the only formal organization had been the ladies ' committee , in whose capable hands the autumn fairs and scandinavian evenings had prospered over the years .

An idea began to form in his mind , but the Governors were apprehensive about taking on more commitments — faced with the abolition of the Direct Grant , they had decided to go `` Independent `` , and in the circumstances they thought it best to consolidate and take stock , rather than expand .
an idea began to form in his mind , but the governors were apprehensive about taking on more commitments — faced with the abolition of the direct [give] , they had decided to go `` independent `` , and in the circumstances they thought it best to consolidate and take stock , rather than expand .

So the main American concern after Suez was the obvious possibility of increased Russian influence in the Middle East , taking advantage of the divisions between the Western Allies , Eisenhower moved quickly , and in March 1957 , Congress approved a resolution giving the President power to grant economic and military aid to any Middle Eastern power which requested it .
so the main american concern after suez was the obvious possibility of increased russian influence in the middle east , taking advantage of the divisions between the western allies , eisenhower moved quickly , and in march 1957 , congress approved a resolution giving the president power to [give] economic and military aid to any middle eastern power which requested it .

The difficulty is that the assumptions on which it is based are to say the least shaky : the assumptions , namely , that only one vote suffices although more than one candidate is to be elected ; that preferential voting is reliable , even when used in ignorance of all the relevant information and inhibited by the arbitrary exclusion of candidates who might otherwise be successful ; that it is reasonable to grant to some votes the privilege of being transferred , and to lower-preference votes the possibility of exercising greater influence than is warranted by their very definition ; that it is reasonable also to give to all transferred votes the same weighting as to original votes ; and that election by quota is sensible even if the quotas are manifestly make-believe .
the difficulty is that the assumptions on which it is based are to say the least shaky : the assumptions , namely , that only one vote suffices although more than one candidate is to be elected ; that preferential voting is reliable , even when used in ignorance of all the relevant information and inhibited by the arbitrary exclusion of candidates who might otherwise be successful ; that it is reasonable to [give] to some votes the privilege of being transferred , and to lower-preference votes the possibility of exercising greater influence than is warranted by their very definition ; that it is reasonable also to give to all transferred votes the same weighting as to original votes ; and that election by quota is sensible even if the quotas are manifestly make-believe .

The research is being funded by a three-year grant from the Lilly Endowment of Indianapolis .
the research is being funded by a three-year [give] from the lilly endowment of indianapolis .

Shall we assume that the Home Secretary , too , will grant a reprieve to William Joyce ( ‘ Lord Haw Haw ’ ) because by January 3 , 1946 , the date of his execution , Germany had ceased to be an enemy country ?
shall we assume that the home secretary , too , will [give] a reprieve to william joyce ( ‘ lord haw haw ’ ) because by january 3 , 1946 , the date of his execution , germany had ceased to be an enemy country ?

’ Of the young players coming up through the Jamaican ranks , Walsh rates in particular the 21-year-old left-hander Robert Samuels , opening batsman Delroy Morgan , and fast bowler Joel Grant , while Jimmy Adams has already made an impressive Test debut against South Africa .
’ of the young players coming up through the jamaican ranks , walsh rates in particular the 21-year-old left-hander robert samuels , opening batsman delroy morgan , and fast bowler joel [give] , while jimmy adams has already made an impressive test debut against south africa .

But a body may be subject to judicial review even if the powers it exercises have no identifiable legal source ; so , for example , a refusal by a non-governmental , non-statutory licensing body , such as a horse-racing or boxing control body , to grant a licence to an applicant may be subject to judicial review even though it seems to be the case that before a licence is granted , no contract exists between the applicant and the licensing body .
but a body may be subject to judicial review even if the powers it exercises have no identifiable legal source ; so , for example , a refusal by a non-governmental , non-statutory licensing body , such as a horse-racing or boxing control body , to [give] a licence to an applicant may be subject to judicial review even though it seems to be the case that before a licence is granted , no contract exists between the applicant and the licensing body .

So , for example , it may be that a keen walker would have a special interest in a stretch of country where he or she frequently walked which would entitle him or her to challenge a decision to grant planning permission to develop it , whereas an ordinary member of the public or even of some environmental group in a different area might not have .
so , for example , it may be that a keen walker would have a special interest in a stretch of country where he or she frequently walked which would entitle him or her to challenge a decision to [give] planning permission to develop it , whereas an ordinary member of the public or even of some environmental group in a different area might not have .

By contrast , in the Rose Theatre case the judge seems to have been influenced to deny standing partly by the fact that the Trust had been formed only for the purpose of campaigning for the preservation of the remains of the theatre ; whereas the same judge in another case accorded standing to challenge a grant of planning permission to a representative of a snake-preservation society which had been active on the site in question for many years and had ‘ put money into it ’ .
by contrast , in the rose theatre case the judge seems to have been influenced to deny standing partly by the fact that the trust had been formed only for the purpose of campaigning for the preservation of the remains of the theatre ; whereas the same judge in another case accorded standing to challenge a [give] of planning permission to a representative of a snake-preservation society which had been active on the site in question for many years and had ‘ put money into it ’ .

Producers and traders have standing to challenge the grant of a licence or other benefit to a competitor .
producers and traders have standing to challenge the [give] of a licence or other benefit to a competitor .

The $6,000 grant is designed to assist a Christian working as a religious journalist , or planning to do so , in undertaking accredited training .
the $6,000 [give] is designed to assist a christian working as a religious journalist , or planning to do so , in undertaking accredited training .

It includes a portrait of the artist 's children in a landscape by Sir Francis Grant ( est .
it includes a portrait of the artist 's children in a landscape by sir francis [give] ( est .

Though few proceed so far as Grant Gilmore in awarding a death certificate to the classical law of contract , as exceptions to the rules multiply , most writers at least acknowledge that novel principles destroy the crispness and generality of such doctrines as consideration and privity .
though few proceed so far as [give] gilmore in awarding a death certificate to the classical law of contract , as exceptions to the rules multiply , most writers at least acknowledge that novel principles destroy the crispness and generality of such doctrines as consideration and privity .

The Lila Wallace-Reader 's Digest Fund , Inc. made a $ 2 million grant for the medieval and Renaissance galleries , and the National Endowment for the Humanities followed up a $ 525,000 ‘ Museum Program ’ grant with a challenge grant of $ 750,000 that we have to match 3 to 1 .
the lila wallace-reader 's digest fund , inc. made a $ 2 million [give] for the medieval and renaissance galleries , and the national endowment for the humanities followed up a $ 525,000 ‘ museum program ’ [give] with a challenge [give] of $ 750,000 that we have to match 3 to 1 .

‘ The grant ’ says Strinati , ‘ will enable us to complete within a year or two some important and very urgent restoration programmes ’ .
‘ the [give] ’ says strinati , ‘ will enable us to complete within a year or two some important and very urgent restoration programmes ’ .

The ordinary annual grant for restoration will be used up partly by the Laboratorio del Restauro in Palazzo Barberini , which recently restored Correggio 's Borghese ‘ Danae ’ , and partly by the needs of the five other museums which the Soprintendenza is responsible for : the Gallery in Palazzo Barberini , the Spada Gallery , the Corsini Gallery , the Museum of Musical Instruments and the Borghese Gallery .
the ordinary annual [give] for restoration will be used up partly by the laboratorio del restauro in palazzo barberini , which recently restored correggio 's borghese ‘ danae ’ , and partly by the needs of the five other museums which the soprintendenza is responsible for : the gallery in palazzo barberini , the spada gallery , the corsini gallery , the museum of musical instruments and the borghese gallery .

The purchase grant for 1992 diminishes to Pta300 million ( £1.6 million ) .
the purchase [give] for 1992 diminishes to pta300 million ( £1.6 million ) .

The price to the ruler was , at Bordeaux as elsewhere , the grant of extensive commercial privileges .
the price to the ruler was , at bordeaux as elsewhere , the [give] of extensive commercial privileges .

It is believed that the National Gallery has committed its entire purchase grant for the next three years towards the cost of the Holbein and , given the fact that purchase grants for national museums have been frozen since 1985 , other museums are similarly powerless both to acquire when the works come onto the market , and to match their export price when their licences are suspended .
it is believed that the national gallery has committed its entire purchase [give] for the next three years towards the cost of the holbein and , given the fact that purchase grants for national museums have been frozen since 1985 , other museums are similarly powerless both to acquire when the works come onto the market , and to match their export price when their licences are suspended .

Are you a stereotypical middle-class undergraduate , driven to the university or polytechnic of your choice by your proud parent , complete with hi-fi , food hamper , alarm clock , extra socks and pleas to phone home regularly ? If so , you 'll have probably booked your place in a hall of residence , your grant will arrive on the first day of term , you 'll be ready to enjoy Freshers ' Fair and soon settle down to studies in the library .
are you a stereotypical middle-class undergraduate , driven to the university or polytechnic of your choice by your proud parent , complete with hi-fi , food hamper , alarm clock , extra socks and pleas to phone home regularly ? if so , you 'll have probably booked your place in a hall of residence , your [give] will arrive on the first day of term , you 'll be ready to enjoy freshers ' fair and soon settle down to studies in the library .

That 's an immense chunk of grant to allocate early on but it allows you to budget carefully the meagre remains .
that 's an immense chunk of [give] to allocate early on but it allows you to budget carefully the meagre remains .

The student grant , equivalent only to low-income-level subsistence ( even if the parent or spouse pays their full calculated contribution ) , does not attract the same right to Housing Benefit .
the student [give] , equivalent only to low-income-level subsistence ( even if the parent or spouse pays their full calculated contribution ) , does not attract the same right to housing benefit .

In calculating the amount of Housing Benefit , regulations stipulate that it must be assumed that the student is in receipt of the full grant .
in calculating the amount of housing benefit , regulations stipulate that it must be assumed that the student is in receipt of the full [give] .

Whilst the student grant contains a fixed amount for housing , it is generally regarded as well below market rates that , of course , vary according to area .
whilst the student [give] contains a fixed amount for housing , it is generally regarded as well below market rates that , of course , vary according to area .

That element within the grant is currently £17.80 per week in London ( summer , 1988 ) .
that element within the [give] is currently £17.80 per week in london ( summer , 1988 ) .

Eligibility for Housing Benefit only begins , therefore , for that portion of the rent that exceeds the housing element with the grant .
eligibility for housing benefit only begins , therefore , for that portion of the rent that exceeds the housing element with the [give] .

Those students resident in private accommodation can claim Housing Benefit during the period of study , but only for that element of rent that exceeds the grant contribution .
those students resident in private accommodation can claim housing benefit during the period of study , but only for that element of rent that exceeds the [give] contribution .

The communal rice-pot tends to get fewer and less-exotic additions as the grant dwindles .
the communal rice-pot tends to get fewer and less-exotic additions as the [give] dwindles .

paying their own way or grant aided by independent foundations ) .
paying their own way or [give] aided by independent foundations ) .

This went some way towards closing the financial gap between Gloucester 's endowment and that of his brother Clarence , but income is probably all that the grant was designed to provide .
this went some way towards closing the financial gap between gloucester 's endowment and that of his brother clarence , but income is probably all that the [give] was designed to provide .

The grant was perhaps intended to give Gloucester a suitable income when he entered Warwick 's household and it may be no coincidence that the sum involved was exactly that which Edward later granted the earl towards the duke 's expenses .
the [give] was perhaps intended to give gloucester a suitable income when he entered warwick 's household and it may be no coincidence that the sum involved was exactly that which edward later granted the earl towards the duke 's expenses .

Two days later , Gloucester 's arrival in the inner court circle was further emphasized by the queen 's grant to him of the stewardship of her land with an annual fee of £100 .
two days later , gloucester 's arrival in the inner court circle was further emphasized by the queen 's [give] to him of the stewardship of her land with an annual fee of £100 .

The Molyneux grant is a case in point .
the molyneux [give] is a case in point .

The 1471 grant of Middleham , Sheriff Hutton , Penrith and their members did not give Gloucester control of all the northern estates formerly held by Warwick .
the 1471 [give] of middleham , sheriff hutton , penrith and their members did not give gloucester control of all the northern estates formerly held by warwick .

The meat of the grant was Scarborough , which formed a useful complement to Gloucester 's duchy interests .
the meat of the [give] was scarborough , which formed a useful complement to gloucester 's duchy interests .

The grant was part of a consolidation of Gloucester 's position around this time , which may have been linked with plans for Gloucester to lead a raid into Scotland .
the [give] was part of a consolidation of gloucester 's position around this time , which may have been linked with plans for gloucester to lead a raid into scotland .

In the following June the terms of the grant were amplified .
in the following june the terms of the [give] were amplified .

The grant explicitly excluded the royal forest of Inglewood , but this was probably only to avoid setting a precedent for future sheriffs .
the [give] explicitly excluded the royal forest of inglewood , but this was probably only to avoid setting a precedent for future sheriffs .

Chirk had been held by Gloucester and although it is not stated in the grant the king was evidently promoting , or at least sanctioning , an exchange of interests .
chirk had been held by gloucester and although it is not stated in the [give] the king was evidently promoting , or at least sanctioning , an exchange of interests .

As with the Scarborough grant , Gloucester was surrendering land of little value to himself in return for a significant acquisition .
as with the scarborough [give] , gloucester was surrendering land of little value to himself in return for a significant acquisition .

But the clearest evidence that Gloucester 's links with the Clifford connection preceded his possession of Skipton is his grant of a fee to one of the surviving Clifford brothers , Robert , in 1471 .
but the clearest evidence that gloucester 's links with the clifford connection preceded his possession of skipton is his [give] of a fee to one of the surviving clifford brothers , robert , in 1471 .

But this grant cut across the claims of the Nevilles , who already held two thirds of the honour 's land in Richmondshire in tail male and had the reversion of the other third .
but this [give] cut across the claims of the nevilles , who already held two thirds of the honour 's land in richmondshire in tail male and had the reversion of the other third .

In practice , Clarence 's grant was a dead letter in Richmondshire , although it gave him extensive interests elsewhere , notably in Lincolnshire and East Anglia .
in practice , clarence 's [give] was a dead letter in richmondshire , although it gave him extensive interests elsewhere , notably in lincolnshire and east anglia .

Gloucester was more fortunate , the dowager dying within days of the grant .
gloucester was more fortunate , the dowager dying within days of the [give] .

Again , the grant consolidated existing ducal interests , rounding out Gloucester 's influence in the honour of Pickering further east .
again , the [give] consolidated existing ducal interests , rounding out gloucester 's influence in the honour of pickering further east .

The grant was made specifically in the context of a projected campaign against Scotland and was designed to avoid damaging disputes over military authority by setting Gloucester firmly above the other northern peers .
the [give] was made specifically in the context of a projected campaign against scotland and was designed to avoid damaging disputes over military authority by setting gloucester firmly above the other northern peers .

Stanley interests had first been brought into conflict with Gloucester by Edward 's grant of extensive Lancashire land to the duke in 1469 .
stanley interests had first been brought into conflict with gloucester by edward 's [give] of extensive lancashire land to the duke in 1469 .

After his return in 1471 Edward tried to limit the damage to the Stanleys by modifying Gloucester 's grant .
after his return in 1471 edward tried to limit the damage to the stanleys by modifying gloucester 's [give] .

He had also been made steward of Tottington , Rochdale and Penwortham just two weeks before the grant to Gloucester .
he had also been made steward of tottington , rochdale and penwortham just two weeks before the [give] to gloucester .

Edward apparently intended the later grant to stand , and on 7July ordered Stanley and his servants to cease meddling in the offices granted to Gloucester .
edward apparently intended the later [give] to stand , and on 7july ordered stanley and his servants to cease meddling in the offices granted to gloucester .

The exact chronology of this development is unclear , although it is likely that the erosion of the duke 's power began immediately , with some of the provisions of his 1471 grant a dead letter from the outset .
the exact chronology of this development is unclear , although it is likely that the erosion of the duke 's power began immediately , with some of the provisions of his 1471 [give] a dead letter from the outset .

The grant has led one historian to question Edward 's mental state , but this is an over-reaction .
the [give] has led one historian to question edward 's mental state , but this is an over-reaction .

For most practical purposes , therefore , the meat of the grant lay in the clauses relating to Cumberland , and these were more modest .
for most practical purposes , therefore , the meat of the [give] lay in the clauses relating to cumberland , and these were more modest .

The grant of 1482/3 made these hereditary , and also gave the duke and his heirs all other royal land in the county , together with the right to appoint the escheator .
the [give] of 1482/3 made these hereditary , and also gave the duke and his heirs all other royal land in the county , together with the right to appoint the escheator .

This grant was to be Edward 's final contribution to his brother 's northern empire .
this [give] was to be edward 's final contribution to his brother 's northern empire .

The 1471 grant gave Gloucester the lion 's share of the forfeited property , including all the Cambridgeshire land , all but one of the Suffolk manors and all but four of those in Essex .
the 1471 [give] gave gloucester the lion 's share of the forfeited property , including all the cambridgeshire land , all but one of the suffolk manors and all but four of those in essex .

The grant of 1471 also included land in the region forfeited by Lewis Fitzjohn , John Darcy and Robert Harleston , as well as estates in Lincolnshire forfeited by Sir Thomas de la Laund and Sir Thomas Dymmoke .
the [give] of 1471 also included land in the region forfeited by lewis fitzjohn , john darcy and robert harleston , as well as estates in lincolnshire forfeited by sir thomas de la laund and sir thomas dymmoke .

Of the subsidiary grants , Gloucester lost all but the de la Laund estates , although this grant was widened to include the reversion of the land held by the knight 's widow Katherine Tempest .
of the subsidiary grants , gloucester lost all but the de la laund estates , although this [give] was widened to include the reversion of the land held by the knight 's widow katherine tempest .

The grant specifically included the right , during the royal minority , to exercise the king 's patronage throughout the area concerned .
the [give] specifically included the right , during the royal minority , to exercise the king 's patronage throughout the area concerned .

On the next day , 16 May , a separate grant gave Buckingham the offices of constable , steward and receiver of the duchy of Lancaster honour of Monmouth .
on the next day , 16 may , a separate [give] gave buckingham the offices of constable , steward and receiver of the duchy of lancaster honour of monmouth .

The grant of the chancellorship of the earldom of March to William Catesby may also have owed something to Hastings , although , given the location of the office , probably more to another of Catesby 's patrons , the duke of Buckingham .
the [give] of the chancellorship of the earldom of march to william catesby may also have owed something to hastings , although , given the location of the office , probably more to another of catesby 's patrons , the duke of buckingham .

Francis Power Cobbe 's pamphlet of 1878 , Wife Torture , which was basically concerned with crimes of violence in working-class districts , especially in cases of men against their wives , was a major influence leading to the drafting of the Matrimonial Causes Act of 1878 , which gave magistrates powers to grant separation orders and maintenance to a wife whose husband was convicted of aggravated assault , plus custody of children under ten .
francis power cobbe 's pamphlet of 1878 , wife torture , which was basically concerned with crimes of violence in working-class districts , especially in cases of men against their wives , was a major influence leading to the drafting of the matrimonial causes act of 1878 , which gave magistrates powers to [give] separation orders and maintenance to a wife whose husband was convicted of aggravated assault , plus custody of children under ten .

The 1882 Act in one respect served to grant to middle-class women the rights in property enjoyed by the middle-class male .
the 1882 act in one respect served to [give] to middle-class women the rights in property enjoyed by the middle-class male .

Convocation is at present financed entirely by a grant made by the University , in recognition of its statutory function .
convocation is at present financed entirely by a [give] made by the university , in recognition of its statutory function .

When in 1566 the Queen was hesitating about a grant to the Earl of Leicester , then away from court , John Dudley wrote to the earl suggesting that Mrs Blanche Parry , one of the ladies-in-waiting , be approached .
when in 1566 the queen was hesitating about a [give] to the earl of leicester , then away from court , john dudley wrote to the earl suggesting that mrs blanche parry , one of the ladies-in-waiting , be approached .

Whether the tactics of individual approach divided possible dissidents , or Alderman Reed 's fate terrified them , there was none of the anger or recalcitrance that had greeted the ‘ amicable grant ’ twenty years before .
whether the tactics of individual approach divided possible dissidents , or alderman reed 's fate terrified them , there was none of the anger or recalcitrance that had greeted the ‘ amicable [give] ’ twenty years before .

In the four years 1522–5 the King may have got as much as £100,000 per annum from forced loans and subsidies , but his foreign adventures were brought to a sudden and ignominious halt by the refusal to pay the ‘ amicable grant ’ .
in the four years 1522–5 the king may have got as much as £100,000 per annum from forced loans and subsidies , but his foreign adventures were brought to a sudden and ignominious halt by the refusal to pay the ‘ amicable [give] ’ .

In 1553 Northumberland appealed to Parliament for a peacetime grant of two fifteenths and tenths and a subsidy of 2s .
in 1553 northumberland appealed to parliament for a peacetime [give] of two fifteenths and tenths and a subsidy of 2s .

The Training and Employment Agency offers to companies a grant towards the achievement by individuals of recognised standards of training in certain craft based skills .
the training and employment agency offers to companies a [give] towards the achievement by individuals of recognised standards of training in certain craft based skills .

the release on licence of offenders sentenced to life imprisonment , and the grant of parole to those serving determinate sentences ( both on the advice of the Parole Board ) ;
the release on licence of offenders sentenced to life imprisonment , and the [give] of parole to those serving determinate sentences ( both on the advice of the parole board ) ;

The administration and financing of 842 Magistrates ' courts , presided over by about 18,500 lay justices of the peace , assisted by clerks who were mostly full-time and salaried , was in the hands of local Magistrates ' courts committees , with the aid of a grant from the Home Office .
the administration and financing of 842 magistrates ' courts , presided over by about 18,500 lay justices of the peace , assisted by clerks who were mostly full-time and salaried , was in the hands of local magistrates ' courts committees , with the aid of a [give] from the home office .

It was the concept of parole , originally at the discretion of the Home Secretary , but amended in the course of the passage of the legislation through Parliament so that he could grant early release on licence to a prisoner only if advised to do so by a statutory Parole Board , that commanded the keenest interest of penal reformers and had the most extensive effects .
it was the concept of parole , originally at the discretion of the home secretary , but amended in the course of the passage of the legislation through parliament so that he could [give] early release on licence to a prisoner only if advised to do so by a statutory parole board , that commanded the keenest interest of penal reformers and had the most extensive effects .

We are fortunate in that the rabbit population has not to date found us , although in 1983 we had to provide rabbit guards to comply with grant conditions , which were hideous white twists of plastic .
we are fortunate in that the rabbit population has not to date found us , although in 1983 we had to provide rabbit guards to comply with [give] conditions , which were hideous white twists of plastic .

Each Council has its own plans for its area and is very willing to advise and in many cases back up advice with grant aid .
each council has its own plans for its area and is very willing to advise and in many cases back up advice with [give] aid .

Health Secretary Virginia Bottomley announced the grant to the Terrence Higgins Trust will be reduced from £450,000 to £150,000 over three years .
health secretary virginia bottomley announced the [give] to the terrence higgins trust will be reduced from £450,000 to £150,000 over three years .

London Lighthouse 's grant is to be cut from £300,000 to £150,000 .
london lighthouse 's [give] is to be cut from £300,000 to £150,000 .

Information is also collected about the quality of teaching received , and although this has not yet been formally used in allocating money , one department did have part of its grant withheld for several months until it introduced clear teaching objectives .
information is also collected about the quality of teaching received , and although this has not yet been formally used in allocating money , one department did have part of its [give] withheld for several months until it introduced clear teaching objectives .

To test the new procedures , however , county hall decided to spend some of last year 's specific grant for mental illness on four new care managers .
to test the new procedures , however , county hall decided to spend some of last year 's specific [give] for mental illness on four new care managers .

Penny Peysner , senior social worker at Bassetlaw Hospital , told me that the district had planned to open a special day centre for elderly mentally ill people at a social services residential home , using the mental illness specific grant .
penny peysner , senior social worker at bassetlaw hospital , told me that the district had planned to open a special day centre for elderly mentally ill people at a social services residential home , using the mental illness specific [give] .

Just as informally , William the Conqueror once confirmed a grant ‘ while sitting on his carpet between the church and the forester 's house .
just as informally , william the conqueror once confirmed a [give] ‘ while sitting on his carpet between the church and the forester 's house .

As a result the written record of an earlier judgement given in the court , or of a grant , could create a prima-facie case for a favourable verdict .
as a result the written record of an earlier judgement given in the court , or of a [give] , could create a prima-facie case for a favourable verdict .

For Carolingian royal rights had applied everywhere except where a grant of immunity blocked them ; but Capetian royal rights were respecters of strongly entrenched vested interests .
for carolingian royal rights had applied everywhere except where a [give] of immunity blocked them ; but capetian royal rights were respecters of strongly entrenched vested interests .

It included , along with clauses concerned with tolls and mercantile rights , a grant of freedom for the town and all dwellers in it ; the abolition of the judicial duel , unpopular with merchants ; the use of inquest in its place ; and an enlarged competence for the échevins or boni homines , the successors of the Carolingian scabini , re-established in the town at the very beginning of the century .
it included , along with clauses concerned with tolls and mercantile rights , a [give] of freedom for the town and all dwellers in it ; the abolition of the judicial duel , unpopular with merchants ; the use of inquest in its place ; and an enlarged competence for the échevins or boni homines , the successors of the carolingian scabini , re-established in the town at the very beginning of the century .

On the lower rung of legal self-determination the grant of customary franchises might be in a lord 's interests , for it could secure his revenues in perpetuity , even as it barred him the chance of arbitrary exaction ; besides , an early concession might prevent more explosive demands later .
on the lower rung of legal self-determination the [give] of customary franchises might be in a lord 's interests , for it could secure his revenues in perpetuity , even as it barred him the chance of arbitrary exaction ; besides , an early concession might prevent more explosive demands later .

It is pointed out , for example , that if a government , having lost the confidence of the House , attempted to continue in power in breach of that convention , it would ultimately be forced to act illegally as Parliament would not grant it supply .
it is pointed out , for example , that if a government , having lost the confidence of the house , attempted to continue in power in breach of that convention , it would ultimately be forced to act illegally as parliament would not [give] it supply .

Where such a sovereign state has been created by a grant of independence , the courts may be more reluctant to take back power in that they would have to recognise the political fact that the state in question is a foreign country and no longer part of the legal order of this country .
where such a sovereign state has been created by a [give] of independence , the courts may be more reluctant to take back power in that they would have to recognise the political fact that the state in question is a foreign country and no longer part of the legal order of this country .

The legislative function is exercised mainly through Parliament which has the power to make laws of general applicability and to grant to other bodies the power to make delegated legislation under authority of an act of parliament .
the legislative function is exercised mainly through parliament which has the power to make laws of general applicability and to [give] to other bodies the power to make delegated legislation under authority of an act of parliament .

The grant of wide discretionary powers makes it much more difficult to control the exercise of these powers by means of the doctrine of ultra vires .
the [give] of wide discretionary powers makes it much more difficult to control the exercise of these powers by means of the doctrine of ultra vires .

Formerly this time was known as `` Supply Days `` and was used to discuss the grant of supply to the Crown but it has long ceased to be confined to discussion of government spending and is instead used to criticise all aspects of government policy .
formerly this time was known as `` supply days `` and was used to discuss the [give] of supply to the crown but it has long ceased to be confined to discussion of government spending and is instead used to criticise all aspects of government policy .

( b ) He exercises financial controls through the police grant .
( b ) he exercises financial controls through the police [give] .

It was left to subsequent decisions to extend the application of the rules still further to those decisions which did not affect a person 's legal rights but regulated the grant of a privilege , etc .
it was left to subsequent decisions to extend the application of the rules still further to those decisions which did not affect a person 's legal rights but regulated the [give] of a privilege , etc .

Stage 2 is the selection , ordering and acquisition of book and non-book material purchased through the project grant , up to and including the utilisation of those resources by the children themselves .
stage 2 is the selection , ordering and acquisition of book and non-book material purchased through the project [give] , up to and including the utilisation of those resources by the children themselves .

Stage 3 represents subsequent developments resulting from the project grant and includes inservice and staff-development activities , the publicising and promotion of good practice coming out of the project , and any other spin-off effects .
stage 3 represents subsequent developments resulting from the project [give] and includes inservice and staff-development activities , the publicising and promotion of good practice coming out of the project , and any other spin-off effects .

the proportion of grant which can be spent on book ( 80% ) and non-book ( 20% ) materials ;
the proportion of [give] which can be spent on book ( 80% ) and non-book ( 20% ) materials ;

( 5 ) Schools establish library committees as described in the previous section and these , in the light of the guidelines , thrash out a coordinated policy for utilising the expected grant in a plan for developing some aspect or aspects of the curriculum .
( 5 ) schools establish library committees as described in the previous section and these , in the light of the guidelines , thrash out a coordinated policy for utilising the expected [give] in a plan for developing some aspect or aspects of the curriculum .

( 10 ) Throughout Stages 1 and 2 , DCSLs may be involved in advising schools , librarians , or library committees on practical matters , from suggesting trends in library layout ( for schools relocating or refurbishing their libraries in anticipation of , or as a result of , receiving a project grant ) to advising on precise requirements of order forms , the need to " weed " old stock to make space for the new acquisitions , and the desirability or updating or devising a new catalogue .
( 10 ) throughout stages 1 and 2 , dcsls may be involved in advising schools , librarians , or library committees on practical matters , from suggesting trends in library layout ( for schools relocating or refurbishing their libraries in anticipation of , or as a result of , receiving a project [give] ) to advising on precise requirements of order forms , the need to " weed " old stock to make space for the new acquisitions , and the desirability or updating or devising a new catalogue .

While the fears of some that deals had been done are not justified by our data , in at least one school senior staff claim to have received a Minor Project grant as a retrospective reward .
while the fears of some that deals had been done are not justified by our data , in at least one school senior staff claim to have received a minor project [give] as a retrospective reward .

As described in Chapter 2 , the greater part of the funding in any year was given to a number of Major Project schools ( usually £6,000 to each of eight schools ) , and at the time of writing 36 schools have received such a grant and another five have been proposed for the current financial year .
as described in chapter 2 , the greater part of the funding in any year was given to a number of major project schools ( usually £6,000 to each of eight schools ) , and at the time of writing 36 schools have received such a [give] and another five have been proposed for the current financial year .

The proposal goes on to list specific topics in this course for years 3–5 , for which the project grant would be especially useful .
the proposal goes on to list specific topics in this course for years 3–5 , for which the project [give] would be especially useful .

The possibility of a project grant therefore immediately interested him .
the possibility of a project [give] therefore immediately interested him .

5.4.7 Both schools illustrate the fact that developments in Stage 3 of the project can be seen to be of potentially greater significance than the immediate effects of securing and expending a Major grant .
5.4.7 both schools illustrate the fact that developments in stage 3 of the project can be seen to be of potentially greater significance than the immediate effects of securing and expending a major [give] .

They were schools , therefore , where progress in matching library provision to curriculum need had already begun , and where it was hoped that this impetus could be further developed through participation in the project and a grant in the region of £2,500 .
they were schools , therefore , where progress in matching library provision to curriculum need had already begun , and where it was hoped that this impetus could be further developed through participation in the project and a [give] in the region of £2,500 .

The project grant
the project [give]

Our own observations suggest that libraries , refurbished and sometimes reopened in anticipation of , or as a result of , a project grant , were popular places at lunchtimes and breaks , though as much for doing unrelated homework and/or sheltering from the weather as for specific use of the resources .
our own observations suggest that libraries , refurbished and sometimes reopened in anticipation of , or as a result of , a project [give] , were popular places at lunchtimes and breaks , though as much for doing unrelated homework and/or sheltering from the weather as for specific use of the resources .

This is not a question of whether the project can be funded indefinitely so much as a question of whether the initiatives in particular schools can maintain momentum once the project grant has been spent .
this is not a question of whether the project can be funded indefinitely so much as a question of whether the initiatives in particular schools can maintain momentum once the project [give] has been spent .

The evaluators found that in some schools library committees had become moribund , and although this was often blamed on industrial action , some people did seem to have lost interest once they had received and spent their grant .
the evaluators found that in some schools library committees had become moribund , and although this was often blamed on industrial action , some people did seem to have lost interest once they had received and spent their [give] .

His grandmother said if it was a fact he would not get a grant she would finance him but that he should find out .
his grandmother said if it was a fact he would not get a [give] she would finance him but that he should find out .

Local police authorities receive a 50 per-cent grant in respect of police services and Her Majesty 's Inspectorate of Constabulary checks the efficiency with which the service is provided .
local police authorities receive a 50 per-cent [give] in respect of police services and her majesty 's inspectorate of constabulary checks the efficiency with which the service is provided .

The Committee recommended ‘ a statutory upper limit of twenty-six days per year on the paid leave which public sector employees may grant to employees for council duties ’ ( Widdicombe 1986 : 137 ) .
the committee recommended ‘ a statutory upper limit of twenty-six days per year on the paid leave which public sector employees may [give] to employees for council duties ’ ( widdicombe 1986 : 137 ) .

At that time grant was minimal but by the 1930s it matched the rates as a source of current income ( Bennett 1982:44 ) .
at that time [give] was minimal but by the 1930s it matched the rates as a source of current income ( bennett 1982:44 ) .

Thereafter the grant contribution fell .
thereafter the [give] contribution fell .

In the government 's view the relationship between the decision to spend and the financial discipline of meeting the cost had been weakened as the proportion of local expenditure covered by grant had increased .
in the government 's view the relationship between the decision to spend and the financial discipline of meeting the cost had been weakened as the proportion of local expenditure covered by [give] had increased .

The government 's concern was with the level of public expenditure rather than with the relationship between grant and local income by itself .
the government 's concern was with the level of public expenditure rather than with the relationship between [give] and local income by itself .

First , any new source of revenue should be capable of producing a yield large enough to provide for the possibility of a substantial reduction in both grant and domestic rates .
first , any new source of revenue should be capable of producing a yield large enough to provide for the possibility of a substantial reduction in both [give] and domestic rates .

Twenty years ago more than three quarters of the College 's income came in the form of a government grant . Today that figure is nearer 42% , the rest obtained competitively from research grants or from student fees
twenty years ago more than three quarters of the college 's income came in the form of a government [give] . today that figure is nearer 42% , the rest obtained competitively from research grants or from student fees

Twenty years ago more than three quarters of Imperial 's total income came directly from government in the form of a grant .
twenty years ago more than three quarters of imperial 's total income came directly from government in the form of a [give] .

‘ So when it comes to paying the academic and administrative core staff of the college , when it comes to heating and lighting the buildings , ensuring their safety , maintaining the basic fabric of the place , it is the Universities Funding Council block grant which is the only money available to cover these costs .
‘ so when it comes to paying the academic and administrative core staff of the college , when it comes to heating and lighting the buildings , ensuring their safety , maintaining the basic fabric of the place , it is the universities funding council block [give] which is the only money available to cover these costs .

Although the French offer of a ‘ half-peace ’ ( a truce for a set period of between fifteen and thirty years , in exchange for an English undertaking not to use the French royal title during that period ) was taken seriously at first , it was turned down when the English demanded a perpetual peace together with the grant of Normandy and an enlarged Aquitaine ( as in 1360 ) in full sovereignty .
although the french offer of a ‘ half-peace ’ ( a truce for a set period of between fifteen and thirty years , in exchange for an english undertaking not to use the french royal title during that period ) was taken seriously at first , it was turned down when the english demanded a perpetual peace together with the [give] of normandy and an enlarged aquitaine ( as in 1360 ) in full sovereignty .

After the prize giving , Mr Andrew Satow , Major Rupert Lendrum , and Mr John Grant joined me in the car and we drove , still in torrential rain , to Heathrow Airport where we joined Lord and Lady Marchwood Baron de Montesquieu , and Mrs John Grant .
after the prize giving , mr andrew satow , major rupert lendrum , and mr john [give] joined me in the car and we drove , still in torrential rain , to heathrow airport where we joined lord and lady marchwood baron de montesquieu , and mrs john [give] .

Just as an economist can grant that religious beliefs have a bearing on market behaviour but will not allow that they are a primary force , so Realism insists that power is the key .
just as an economist can [give] that religious beliefs have a bearing on market behaviour but will not allow that they are a primary force , so realism insists that power is the key .

Professor Wragg writes : Your Local Education Authority is obliged to give your son a grant for his first higher- education course .
professor wragg writes : your local education authority is obliged to give your son a [give] for his first higher- education course .

There is only a slim chance of a further grant , although your son should certainly apply for it , and appeal if he is turned down .
there is only a slim chance of a further [give] , although your son should certainly apply for it , and appeal if he is turned down .

Our grant is set to rise from £5.7 million to £7.3 million in 1992 .
our [give] is set to rise from £5.7 million to £7.3 million in 1992 .

So United States courts have declared invalid service which met the requirements of state law or of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure but which did not meet the terms of the convention and a Netherlands court has refused to grant exequatur to a Belgian judgment granted after service which complied with Belgian law but not the convention 's requirements .
so united states courts have declared invalid service which met the requirements of state law or of the federal rules of civil procedure but which did not meet the terms of the convention and a netherlands court has refused to [give] exequatur to a belgian judgment granted after service which complied with belgian law but not the convention 's requirements .

Under section 25 of the Civil Jurisdiction and Judgments Act 1982 , the High Court has power to grant interim relief where proceedings have been or are to be commenced in another Contracting State to the Brussels Convention or in another part of the United Kingdom , or where there are or will be any other proceedings within the scope of the 1968 Convention even if that Convention does not directly apply .
under section 25 of the civil jurisdiction and judgments act 1982 , the high court has power to [give] interim relief where proceedings have been or are to be commenced in another contracting state to the brussels convention or in another part of the united kingdom , or where there are or will be any other proceedings within the scope of the 1968 convention even if that convention does not directly apply .

Subject to one very important exception , the English courts will not grant a Mareva injunction unless the plaintiff 's cause of action against the defendant is one which may properly be adjudicated upon in England .
subject to one very important exception , the english courts will not [give] a mareva injunction unless the plaintiff 's cause of action against the defendant is one which may properly be adjudicated upon in england .

The High Court in England and Wales or Northern Ireland shall have power to grant interim relief where —
the high court in england and wales or northern ireland shall have power to [give] interim relief where —

On an application for any interim relief under subsection ( 1 ) the court may refuse to grant that relief if , in the opinion of the court , the fact that the court has no jurisdiction apart from this section in relation to the subject-matter of the proceedings in question makes it inexpedient for the court to grant it .
on an application for any interim relief under subsection ( 1 ) the court may refuse to [give] that relief if , in the opinion of the court , the fact that the court has no jurisdiction apart from this section in relation to the subject-matter of the proceedings in question makes it inexpedient for the court to [give] it .

The power of the High Court under [ section 37(1) ] to grant an interlocutory injunction restraining a party to any proceedings from removing from the jurisdiction of the High Court , or otherwise dealing with , assets located within that jurisdiction shall be exercisable in cases where that party is , as well as in cases where he is not , domiciled , resident or present within that jurisdiction .
the power of the high court under [ section 37(1) ] to [give] an interlocutory injunction restraining a party to any proceedings from removing from the jurisdiction of the high court , or otherwise dealing with , assets located within that jurisdiction shall be exercisable in cases where that party is , as well as in cases where he is not , domiciled , resident or present within that jurisdiction .

1 ) , which was before another division of the Court of Appeal as judgment was being given in Republic of Haiti v. Duvalier , the power to grant a Mareva injunction in respect of assets outside England and Wales , both before and after judgment , was declared to be established law .
1 ) , which was before another division of the court of appeal as judgment was being given in republic of haiti v. duvalier , the power to [give] a mareva injunction in respect of assets outside england and wales , both before and after judgment , was declared to be established law .

Given the non-availability of subpoenas , a mere refusal by a potential witness to attend in England may be sufficient , as may evidence that his employer would not grant the necessary leave of absence .
given the non-availability of subpoenas , a mere refusal by a potential witness to attend in england may be sufficient , as may evidence that his employer would not [give] the necessary leave of absence .

Conditions on grant of permission
conditions on [give] of permission

Grant 's
[give] 's

Angelica Garnett , artist , sculptor and writer , daughter of Vanessa Bell and Duncan Grant , looks at Bloomsbury 's relationship with France .
angelica garnett , artist , sculptor and writer , daughter of vanessa bell and duncan [give] , looks at bloomsbury 's relationship with france .

It is possible , though very unlikely , that the courts would grant a further exception to the rule in Foss v. Harbottle , by allowing a shareholder to bring a derivative action for alleged insider dealing .
it is possible , though very unlikely , that the courts would [give] a further exception to the rule in foss v. harbottle , by allowing a shareholder to bring a derivative action for alleged insider dealing .

The court will grant such an order if it is satisfied that : ( a ) profits have accrued to any person as a result of that contravention ; or that ( b ) one or more investors have ‘ suffered loss or been otherwise adversely affected .
the court will [give] such an order if it is satisfied that : ( a ) profits have accrued to any person as a result of that contravention ; or that ( b ) one or more investors have ‘ suffered loss or been otherwise adversely affected .

dir : You ca n't blame me for your failure to secure funding . Anyway is n't the Medical Research Council canvassing medical sociologists for grant applications ?
dir : you ca n't blame me for your failure to secure funding . anyway is n't the medical research council canvassing medical sociologists for [give] applications ?

You were employed at the Child Poverty Action Group on the basis of a generous grant from the Noel Buxton Trust and the City Parochial Foundation .
you were employed at the child poverty action group on the basis of a generous [give] from the noel buxton trust and the city parochial foundation .

No longer did MPs defer to the Speaker , grant courtesy titles or bow when they left ; these days it was the loudest voice that got a hearing .
no longer did mps defer to the speaker , [give] courtesy titles or bow when they left ; these days it was the loudest voice that got a hearing .

This grant was unprecedented in extent ; it represented a significant political victory for Edward , and suggests that at this stage there was a considerable degree of support for the war amongst the knights .
this [give] was unprecedented in extent ; it represented a significant political victory for edward , and suggests that at this stage there was a considerable degree of support for the war amongst the knights .

In view of the king 's highly expensive schemes for securing allies in the Low Countries , however , even so substantial a grant was likely to prove insufficient .
in view of the king 's highly expensive schemes for securing allies in the low countries , however , even so substantial a [give] was likely to prove insufficient .

The principal concern of Edward 's ministers , as always , was to raise money for the war , and they hoped by making concessions to receive the grants the king needed ; but the concession of pardon for all debts of £10 or less was insufficient , and the commons insisted that they dare not grant a tax without consulting their communities .
the principal concern of edward 's ministers , as always , was to raise money for the war , and they hoped by making concessions to receive the grants the king needed ; but the concession of pardon for all debts of £10 or less was insufficient , and the commons insisted that they dare not [give] a tax without consulting their communities .

In the spring parliament of 1340 the commons offered a grant of tax subject to conditions which now went much further than the concessions they had sought in the previous year and which were reminiscent of the concerns of the Ordainers in 1310–11 .
in the spring parliament of 1340 the commons offered a [give] of tax subject to conditions which now went much further than the concessions they had sought in the previous year and which were reminiscent of the concerns of the ordainers in 1310–11 .

The king agreed to parliament 's other requests , however , and was rewarded with a grant of one-ninth .
the king agreed to parliament 's other requests , however , and was rewarded with a [give] of one-ninth .

This amounted in effect to a grant of £1,000 a year , the annual amount of the lease which was now extinguished .
this amounted in effect to a [give] of £1,000 a year , the annual amount of the lease which was now extinguished .

The grievances of the commons have a familiar air : in 1344 , for instance , they offered a grant of two tenths and fifteenths , and presented a series of petitions in which they complained about purveyance and other administrative abuses .
the grievances of the commons have a familiar air : in 1344 , for instance , they offered a [give] of two tenths and fifteenths , and presented a series of petitions in which they complained about purveyance and other administrative abuses .

In 1340 the king conceded that parliament should have the right to grant the maltote , which it proceeded to do for a period of fifteen months .
in 1340 the king conceded that parliament should have the right to [give] the maltote , which it proceeded to do for a period of fifteen months .

The willingness of the commons to grant the maltote in these years should dispose of the argument that they wished to see the tax abolished .
the willingness of the commons to [give] the maltote in these years should dispose of the argument that they wished to see the tax abolished .

The maltote too thus became a regular impost , though the commons were not prepared to grant it for more than a year or two at a time for fear of losing control over it and to prevent the king from reviving the monopolistic schemes for exploiting the producers which they had struggled against between 1336 and 1351 .
the maltote too thus became a regular impost , though the commons were not prepared to [give] it for more than a year or two at a time for fear of losing control over it and to prevent the king from reviving the monopolistic schemes for exploiting the producers which they had struggled against between 1336 and 1351 .

In their struggle to gain control of the wool tax the commons arguably gained more by agreeing to grant the tax and receiving in return concessions on free trade in wool than they would have achieved by seeking to abolish the tax .
in their struggle to gain control of the wool tax the commons arguably gained more by agreeing to [give] the tax and receiving in return concessions on free trade in wool than they would have achieved by seeking to abolish the tax .

Throughout the 1340s and 1350s the king played on the commons ' fear of a French invasion of England : the threat that the French might ‘ destroy the English tongue and occupy the realm of England ’ was used more than once to persuade the commons to grant money for the war , and the discovery at the sack of Caen of a French plan for the invasion of England in 1339 was a gift to royal propaganda .
throughout the 1340s and 1350s the king played on the commons ' fear of a french invasion of england : the threat that the french might ‘ destroy the english tongue and occupy the realm of england ’ was used more than once to persuade the commons to [give] money for the war , and the discovery at the sack of caen of a french plan for the invasion of england in 1339 was a gift to royal propaganda .

It was read out in parliament to persuade the commons in the euphoric aftermath of Crécy to grant two subsidies and publicly proclaimed at St Paul 's to arouse popular enthusiasm for the war .
it was read out in parliament to persuade the commons in the euphoric aftermath of crécy to [give] two subsidies and publicly proclaimed at st paul 's to arouse popular enthusiasm for the war .

In assuming the title and arms of King of France in 1340 , he laid much stress on his God-given duty to recover his right , and in the speeches made by the Chancellor at the opening of parliament in the 1340s and 1350s the commons were asked to grant aids ‘ in pursuit of the king 's quarrel to recover his rights ’ , or in consideration of ‘ the pursuit of our right ’ .
in assuming the title and arms of king of france in 1340 , he laid much stress on his god-given duty to recover his right , and in the speeches made by the chancellor at the opening of parliament in the 1340s and 1350s the commons were asked to [give] aids ‘ in pursuit of the king 's quarrel to recover his rights ’ , or in consideration of ‘ the pursuit of our right ’ .

The first signs of political discontent in England over the conduct of the war surfaced in the parliament of February 1371 , when the commons refused to grant a subsidy until the king 's clerical ministers of state had been replaced by laymen who , unlike their clerical counterparts , would be liable to answer for their misdeeds in the royal courts .
the first signs of political discontent in england over the conduct of the war surfaced in the parliament of february 1371 , when the commons refused to [give] a subsidy until the king 's clerical ministers of state had been replaced by laymen who , unlike their clerical counterparts , would be liable to answer for their misdeeds in the royal courts .

The Good Parliament had refused to grant a subsidy , and accordingly another parliament was summoned for January 1377 .
the good parliament had refused to [give] a subsidy , and accordingly another parliament was summoned for january 1377 .

Funding of £20,000 has been provided by the Central London Training and Enterprise Council , and will be administered by Book House Training Centre . Details of the Assessment Grant Scheme are available from
funding of £20,000 has been provided by the central london training and enterprise council , and will be administered by book house training centre . details of the assessment [give] scheme are available from

Large portions of the Education Bill are given over to procedures for the creation and financing of grant maintained schools , a cornerstone of government policy .
large portions of the education bill are given over to procedures for the creation and financing of [give] maintained schools , a cornerstone of government policy .

The government will also shortly publish a survey of spending in 100 grant maintained schools .
the government will also shortly publish a survey of spending in 100 [give] maintained schools .

Grant maintained schools will receive their financial allocations via a new Funding Agency for Schools , but this will be a mainly mechanical process .
[give] maintained schools will receive their financial allocations via a new funding agency for schools , but this will be a mainly mechanical process .

Books will be one of four components nominated in a grant of £85m .
books will be one of four components nominated in a [give] of £85m .

Grant Naylor Primal Soup ( Penguin ) Red Dwarf scripts .
[give] naylor primal soup ( penguin ) red dwarf scripts .

Earlier this week Clacton , unemployment blackspot of the South East , was tipped to win grant aid following research carried out by the General Municipal Boilermakers ' Union .
earlier this week clacton , unemployment blackspot of the south east , was tipped to win [give] aid following research carried out by the general municipal boilermakers ' union .

The balloons were printed with the new trust slogan of The Trust is Yours , The Caring Ours , thought up by health care support worker Margaret Grant .
the balloons were printed with the new trust slogan of the trust is yours , the caring ours , thought up by health care support worker margaret [give] .

In all , 68pc of the school 's parents took part in the ballot , with 22pc voting against grant maintained status .
in all , 68pc of the school 's parents took part in the ballot , with 22pc voting against [give] maintained status .

Mr Ayre said a national report earlier in the week showed grant maintained schools were faring better than their counterparts which had not yet opted out .
mr ayre said a national report earlier in the week showed [give] maintained schools were faring better than their counterparts which had not yet opted out .

However , Mr Ayre said it was ‘ more than likely ’ the school 's application for grant maintained status would be approved .
however , mr ayre said it was ‘ more than likely ’ the school 's application for [give] maintained status would be approved .

Terry Baker with 17 points and Grant Weston with 16 did most of the damage .
terry baker with 17 points and [give] weston with 16 did most of the damage .

With help from Writtle Agricultural College and Essex Farming and Wildlife Advisory Group , a grant was obtained under the Ministry of Agriculture 's countryside initiative .
with help from writtle agricultural college and essex farming and wildlife advisory group , a [give] was obtained under the ministry of agriculture 's countryside initiative .

The airline had opened the route on the basis that it would be the first of many , but the British Government had failed to grant any more licenses .
the airline had opened the route on the basis that it would be the first of many , but the british government had failed to [give] any more licenses .

Colchester Arts Centre , based in St Mary 's Church , applied last year for a grant from the Foundation for Sports and the Arts to upgrade the town centre venue .
colchester arts centre , based in st mary 's church , applied last year for a [give] from the foundation for sports and the arts to upgrade the town centre venue .

An 85-year-old Wigan pensioner is now looked after by her daughter — the mother applied for a grant for the daughter , because she is immobilised by arthritis .
an 85-year-old wigan pensioner is now looked after by her daughter — the mother applied for a [give] for the daughter , because she is immobilised by arthritis .

You must grant us free access at all reasonable times to examine your motor cycle .
you must [give] us free access at all reasonable times to examine your motor cycle .

You must grant us free access at all reasonable times to examine your caravan .
you must [give] us free access at all reasonable times to examine your caravan .

The current Plan shows that in 1991–92 , as was the case in 1990–91 , the level of grant provision is sufficient to avoid the diversion of purchasing funds to meet salary costs , which was unfortunately necessary in 1989–90 .
the current plan shows that in 1991–92 , as was the case in 1990–91 , the level of [give] provision is sufficient to avoid the diversion of purchasing funds to meet salary costs , which was unfortunately necessary in 1989–90 .

The Plan warns , however , that the inflation rate of book and manuscript prices continues to outpace the general rate of inflation and this year 's increase in Purchase Grant .
the plan warns , however , that the inflation rate of book and manuscript prices continues to outpace the general rate of inflation and this year 's increase in purchase [give] .

It is , therefore , particularly gratifying to be able to report that , in response to the case for maintaining the level of purchases made by the Library with the support of other Scottish research libraries , and users , both local and remote , Government agreed in December 1989 to restore substantially the level of the Library 's Purchase Grant in 1990–91 by allocating an additional £200,000 for purchases for the Library 's collections .
it is , therefore , particularly gratifying to be able to report that , in response to the case for maintaining the level of purchases made by the library with the support of other scottish research libraries , and users , both local and remote , government agreed in december 1989 to restore substantially the level of the library 's purchase [give] in 1990–91 by allocating an additional £200,000 for purchases for the library 's collections .

Rod Hale and Grant Parrott both sustained injuries which incapacitated them in various ways .
rod hale and [give] parrott both sustained injuries which incapacitated them in various ways .

Rod was hit with a bit of flying cigarette that unfortunately damaged his eye , and Grant pulled ‘ every conceivable muscle ’ whilst on the Professional Sales Guild 's day on the Solent .
rod was hit with a bit of flying cigarette that unfortunately damaged his eye , and [give] pulled ‘ every conceivable muscle ’ whilst on the professional sales guild 's day on the solent .

Imagine the comical scene when Grant goes to visit Rod who is convalescing at home .
imagine the comical scene when [give] goes to visit rod who is convalescing at home .

Grant pulls up in his car but realises that due to the camber he is unable to get out of his door , so he drives up the road does a three point turn and positions his vehicle to aid his extraction from the car seat to the pavement .
[give] pulls up in his car but realises that due to the camber he is unable to get out of his door , so he drives up the road does a three point turn and positions his vehicle to aid his extraction from the car seat to the pavement .

Westminster were presented with champagne and a trophy , Grant Parrott discovered muscles he never knew existed , Geoff Whalley paid up his bet to James Burford .
westminster were presented with champagne and a trophy , [give] parrott discovered muscles he never knew existed , geoff whalley paid up his bet to james burford .

‘ In this way , the centre is not treating the grant funding as a crutch , but is concentrating on making its training programmes more commercially attractive to customers . ’
‘ in this way , the centre is not treating the [give] funding as a crutch , but is concentrating on making its training programmes more commercially attractive to customers . ’

However although many employers grant day release facilities , most of your preparation for the examinations will take place outside office hours .
however although many employers [give] day release facilities , most of your preparation for the examinations will take place outside office hours .

Simon Grant , branch manager at Retail Cleaning in Bristol was recently asked to help out the annual Children in Need appeal by one of his customers , the manager at the East Gate Centre in Gloucester .
simon [give] , branch manager at retail cleaning in bristol was recently asked to help out the annual children in need appeal by one of his customers , the manager at the east gate centre in gloucester .

The Agreement shall apply to any claim brought against an occupier of land if the mud is deposited by his own vehicles and his Insurers grant indemnity on the basis that the accident arose from the use of vehicles they insure .
the agreement shall apply to any claim brought against an occupier of land if the mud is deposited by his own vehicles and his insurers [give] indemnity on the basis that the accident arose from the use of vehicles they insure .

The Agreement shall not apply to any claim brought against an occupier of land if the mud is deposited either by vehicles other than his own , or jointly by such vehicles and his own vehicles , and his Insurers grant indemnity to him in his particular capacity as an occupier of land and not as the user of the vehicles .
the agreement shall not apply to any claim brought against an occupier of land if the mud is deposited either by vehicles other than his own , or jointly by such vehicles and his own vehicles , and his insurers [give] indemnity to him in his particular capacity as an occupier of land and not as the user of the vehicles .

initial response to enquiries about historic building repair grant within 21 working days
initial response to enquiries about historic building repair [give] within 21 working days

careful and fair consideration of all grant and consent applications , with the reason for a refusal clearly stated
careful and fair consideration of all [give] and consent applications , with the reason for a refusal clearly stated

James Gillespie Graham 's The Chapel of St Anthony the Eremite at Murthly , Perthshire , the seat of Sir William Drummond Stewart ( Edinburgh , 19850 ) was purchased with a grant from the Friends of the National Libraries and donations from Scottish members .
james gillespie graham 's the chapel of st anthony the eremite at murthly , perthshire , the seat of sir william drummond stewart ( edinburgh , 19850 ) was purchased with a [give] from the friends of the national libraries and donations from scottish members .

Drawings by William Burges are being conserved with a generous grant from the British Library , on behalf of the Wolfson Foundation and the Wolfson Family Charitable Trust .
drawings by william burges are being conserved with a generous [give] from the british library , on behalf of the wolfson foundation and the wolfson family charitable trust .

Preparation of the second series of the catalogue of the Drawings Collection was helped by a grant from the Marc Fitch Fund .
preparation of the second series of the catalogue of the drawings collection was helped by a [give] from the marc fitch fund .

Teachers looking for funding to support their research can apply to the Scottish Office Education Department for a grant under its sponsored research programme .
teachers looking for funding to support their research can apply to the scottish office education department for a [give] under its sponsored research programme .

The Legal Aid Board has accepted the standards as one of the criteria for the grant of a franchise , in place of earlier proposals for its own management standards .
the legal aid board has accepted the standards as one of the criteria for the [give] of a franchise , in place of earlier proposals for its own management standards .

Two non-constituency Council seats were designated for financial services and for sole practitioner representation , and following a resolution at last year 's Annual General Meeting , the Society made an initial pump-priming grant to a newly formed sole practitioners ' group which subsequently achieved Law Society group status .
two non-constituency council seats were designated for financial services and for sole practitioner representation , and following a resolution at last year 's annual general meeting , the society made an initial pump-priming [give] to a newly formed sole practitioners ' group which subsequently achieved law society group status .

They included the approval of the first combined law degree and legal practice course , which carries a mandatory grant .
they included the approval of the first combined law degree and legal practice course , which carries a mandatory [give] .

In April 1991 , Historic Scotland awarded historic buildings repair grant of £344,000 towards the cost of repairs to the historic shell of the A-listed building .
in april 1991 , historic scotland awarded historic buildings repair [give] of £344,000 towards the cost of repairs to the historic shell of the a-listed building .

Once the notice has been served , the tenant has the right to apply to the Court for a new general lease and the Court will grant a new lease of up to 14 years unless the landlord objects on one of the few grounds for objection set out in the 1954 Act .
once the notice has been served , the tenant has the right to apply to the court for a new general lease and the court will [give] a new lease of up to 14 years unless the landlord objects on one of the few grounds for objection set out in the 1954 act .

Cognitive and Computational Neuroscience , which continues to deliver high quality output , receives major Research Council grant support , and attracts good quality staff and research students .
cognitive and computational neuroscience , which continues to deliver high quality output , receives major research council [give] support , and attracts good quality staff and research students .

Psychology and Health in which research income has remained high , includes a large grant from the Cancer Relief MacMillan Fund .
psychology and health in which research income has remained high , includes a large [give] from the cancer relief macmillan fund .

Grant News
[give] news

The Economic and Social Research Council has awarded a grant to the newly established Adult Education Research Network to enable it to organise a series of seminars over two years , beginning in January 1993 .
the economic and social research council has awarded a [give] to the newly established adult education research network to enable it to organise a series of seminars over two years , beginning in january 1993 .

This grant , though , was more than just money .
this [give] , though , was more than just money .

Good idea you want to develop ? You might get a grant from … The Stirling Mathematics Education Development Fund
good idea you want to develop ? you might get a [give] from … the stirling mathematics education development fund

Mr. Lightheart will be consulted about possible uses for the annual grant .
mr. lightheart will be consulted about possible uses for the annual [give] .

It might be possible to gain a grant from some appropriate body , e.g .
it might be possible to gain a [give] from some appropriate body , e.g .

It might be possible to use an annual grant of £300 to carry out the necessary paintwork .
it might be possible to use an annual [give] of £300 to carry out the necessary paintwork .

This will require a grant of £1500 from the Village Association , the use of most of the Tennis Club funds ( £6–800 ) and possibly up to £500 as an interest free loan from the Village Association .
this will require a [give] of £1500 from the village association , the use of most of the tennis club funds ( £6–800 ) and possibly up to £500 as an interest free loan from the village association .

Revenue Support Grant and Housing Support Grant 1991/92 .
revenue support [give] and housing support [give] 1991/92 .

Your agency has made application for an Urban Programme grant in the round of grant submissions for 1993/94 , and this letter is to keep you informed of progress in the assessment process for such applications .
your agency has made application for an urban programme [give] in the round of [give] submissions for 1993/94 , and this letter is to keep you informed of progress in the assessment process for such applications .

Grant and Loans available in Lothian Region
[give] and loans available in lothian region

Only 3 departments grant travelling expenses , and only 2 departments grant subsistence allowances , to employees who voluntarily work overtime at the contractual workplace and receive payment therefor .
only 3 departments [give] travelling expenses , and only 2 departments [give] subsistence allowances , to employees who voluntarily work overtime at the contractual workplace and receive payment therefor .

As grant aid will come to the Council as additional capital consents , further interest charges will be incurred and so will reduce any net benefit to the capital budget .
as [give] aid will come to the council as additional capital consents , further interest charges will be incurred and so will reduce any net benefit to the capital budget .

The Committee awarded a grant of £386 based on the 1991/92 payment plus a 4% inflationary allowance given to all organisations seeking financial support on an annual basis .
the committee awarded a [give] of £386 based on the 1991/92 payment plus a 4% inflationary allowance given to all organisations seeking financial support on an annual basis .

The legislation did enable authorities to grant various reliefs to second homes in certain situations and Lothian Region exercised its discretion in certain cases ( see attached letter re Standard Community Charge ) .
the legislation did enable authorities to [give] various reliefs to second homes in certain situations and lothian region exercised its discretion in certain cases ( see attached letter re standard community charge ) .

The Council Tax legislation prescribes that second homes shall be granted a 50 % discount from the full liability and no longer enable the Council to grant discretionary relief in any circumstances .
the council tax legislation prescribes that second homes shall be granted a 50 % discount from the full liability and no longer enable the council to [give] discretionary relief in any circumstances .

Divisional Grant should remain at 230 , but the extra payment option in case of need be increased from 75 to 100 .
divisional [give] should remain at 230 , but the extra payment option in case of need be increased from 75 to 100 .

If you have been awarded a grant or scholarship , send a copy of the letter of the award , or arrange for the body providing the award to write to the University giving details .
if you have been awarded a [give] or scholarship , send a copy of the letter of the award , or arrange for the body providing the award to write to the university giving details .

If you have applied for a grant or scholarship and are awaiting the outcome , give the name and address of the body to whom application has been made , and the amount and period applied for .
if you have applied for a [give] or scholarship and are awaiting the outcome , give the name and address of the body to whom application has been made , and the amount and period applied for .

The cost of living in Britain is high and a single student grant is not adequate for the maintenance of a wife or husband .
the cost of living in britain is high and a single student [give] is not adequate for the maintenance of a wife or husband .

‘ And there 's a grant each year ? ’
‘ and there 's a [give] each year ? ’

The time was ripe , in this formulation , not to ‘ grant ’ , but to ‘ move towards granting ’ , more responsibility for the validation of courses .
the time was ripe , in this formulation , not to ‘ [give] ’ , but to ‘ move towards granting ’ , more responsibility for the validation of courses .

Most of the Science & Engineering departments are on this site , Geology and Geophysics ( in the Grant Institute and also the James Clerk Maxwell Building ) , the School of Biology and the School of Engineering , also a number of governmental scientific research institutes including the Scottish Agricultural College .
most of the science & engineering departments are on this site , geology and geophysics ( in the [give] institute and also the james clerk maxwell building ) , the school of biology and the school of engineering , also a number of governmental scientific research institutes including the scottish agricultural college .

The majority of British undergraduate students have their fees paid in full by a grant-giving body , and many also receive a cash grant .
the majority of british undergraduate students have their fees paid in full by a grant-giving body , and many also receive a cash [give] .

This grant is intended for maintenance during the three terms and the vacations at Christmas and Easter , but also includes some provision for books , travel , clothes and the like .
this [give] is intended for maintenance during the three terms and the vacations at christmas and easter , but also includes some provision for books , travel , clothes and the like .

The amount of the grant is influenced by the income of the parents who are expected , although not legally obliged , to make the assessed contribution .
the amount of the [give] is influenced by the income of the parents who are expected , although not legally obliged , to make the assessed contribution .

It is very difficult to survive on a student grant alone .
it is very difficult to survive on a student [give] alone .

The maximum grant for students living away from home is £2200 .
the maximum [give] for students living away from home is £2200 .

‘ Could n't you get a grant ? ’
‘ could n't you get a [give] ? ’

The preferences of the sponsor are represented by a ‘ budget-output ’ function , any point on which represents the maximum budget the sponsor is willing to grant the bureau for a specified level of service .
the preferences of the sponsor are represented by a ‘ budget-output ’ function , any point on which represents the maximum budget the sponsor is willing to [give] the bureau for a specified level of service .

There is the collective organization providing the grant ( the direct sponsor ) .
there is the collective organization providing the [give] ( the direct sponsor ) .

The more that a loss of sales to the second group is compensated by a grant paid by the first , or the more the revenues for the provision of a service to individuals come from grants , the less likely is the bureau to be concerned for consumer interests and , hence , efficiency .
the more that a loss of sales to the second group is compensated by a [give] paid by the first , or the more the revenues for the provision of a service to individuals come from grants , the less likely is the bureau to be concerned for consumer interests and , hence , efficiency .

William Hugh Puddephat was born in 1945 in London , and attended a direct grant school .
william hugh puddephat was born in 1945 in london , and attended a direct [give] school .

‘ Formal evidence of identification was given by the dead girl 's aunt , Mrs Lucretia Grant , who travelled to the inquest from her home in Herefordshire , ’ the story said .
‘ formal evidence of identification was given by the dead girl 's aunt , mrs lucretia [give] , who travelled to the inquest from her home in herefordshire , ’ the story said .

Not that Loretta had yet come up with an excuse to contact Mrs Grant , even if she acquired a proper address , but that problem could wait until after she spoke to Bridget .
not that loretta had yet come up with an excuse to contact mrs [give] , even if she acquired a proper address , but that problem could wait until after she spoke to bridget .

‘ And her surname is Grant — there must be thousands of people with that name in the county .
‘ and her surname is [give] — there must be thousands of people with that name in the county .

If Melanie 's aunt had moved from Cherry Cottage , the phone number would no longer be listed under Grant .
if melanie 's aunt had moved from cherry cottage , the phone number would no longer be listed under [give] .

When you have completed the work you can claim the grant .
when you have completed the work you can claim the [give] .

If you do , the grant will not be paid .
if you do , the [give] will not be paid .

Your local council can make a grant towards improving or repairing your home , and that can include a grant for making your home warmer .
your local council can make a [give] towards improving or repairing your home , and that can include a [give] for making your home warmer .

For example , you can get a grant to help with putting in a hot water system if you do not already have one .
for example , you can get a [give] to help with putting in a hot water system if you do not already have one .

This went some way towards closing the financial gap between Gloucester 's endowment and that of his brother Clarence , but income is probably all that the grant was designed to provide .
this went some way towards closing the financial gap between gloucester 's endowment and that of his brother clarence , but income is probably all that the [give] was designed to provide .

The grant was perhaps intended to give Gloucester a suitable income when he entered Warwick 's household and it may be no coincidence that the sum involved was exactly that which Edward later granted the earl towards the duke 's expenses .
the [give] was perhaps intended to give gloucester a suitable income when he entered warwick 's household and it may be no coincidence that the sum involved was exactly that which edward later granted the earl towards the duke 's expenses .

Two days later , Gloucester 's arrival in the inner court circle was further emphasized by the queen 's grant to him of the stewardship of her land with an annual fee of £100 .
two days later , gloucester 's arrival in the inner court circle was further emphasized by the queen 's [give] to him of the stewardship of her land with an annual fee of £100 .

The Molyneux grant is a case in point .
the molyneux [give] is a case in point .

The 1471 grant of Middleham , Sheriff Hutton , Penrith and their members did not give Gloucester control of all the northern estates formerly held by Warwick .
the 1471 [give] of middleham , sheriff hutton , penrith and their members did not give gloucester control of all the northern estates formerly held by warwick .

The meat of the grant was Scarborough , which formed a useful complement to Gloucester 's duchy interests .
the meat of the [give] was scarborough , which formed a useful complement to gloucester 's duchy interests .

The grant was part of a consolidation of Gloucester 's position around this time , which may have been linked with plans for Gloucester to lead a raid into Scotland .
the [give] was part of a consolidation of gloucester 's position around this time , which may have been linked with plans for gloucester to lead a raid into scotland .

In the following June the terms of the grant were amplified .
in the following june the terms of the [give] were amplified .

The grant explicitly excluded the royal forest of Inglewood , but this was probably only to avoid setting a precedent for future sheriffs .
the [give] explicitly excluded the royal forest of inglewood , but this was probably only to avoid setting a precedent for future sheriffs .

Chirk had been held by Gloucester and although it is not stated in the grant the king was evidently promoting , or at least sanctioning , an exchange of interests .
chirk had been held by gloucester and although it is not stated in the [give] the king was evidently promoting , or at least sanctioning , an exchange of interests .

As with the Scarborough grant , Gloucester was surrendering land of little value to himself in return for a significant acquisition .
as with the scarborough [give] , gloucester was surrendering land of little value to himself in return for a significant acquisition .

But the clearest evidence that Gloucester 's links with the Clifford connection preceded his possession of Skipton is his grant of a fee to one of the surviving Clifford brothers , Robert , in 1471 .
but the clearest evidence that gloucester 's links with the clifford connection preceded his possession of skipton is his [give] of a fee to one of the surviving clifford brothers , robert , in 1471 .

But this grant cut across the claims of the Nevilles , who already held two thirds of the honour 's land in Richmondshire in tail male and had the reversion of the other third .
but this [give] cut across the claims of the nevilles , who already held two thirds of the honour 's land in richmondshire in tail male and had the reversion of the other third .

In practice , Clarence 's grant was a dead letter in Richmondshire , although it gave him extensive interests elsewhere , notably in Lincolnshire and East Anglia .
in practice , clarence 's [give] was a dead letter in richmondshire , although it gave him extensive interests elsewhere , notably in lincolnshire and east anglia .

Gloucester was more fortunate , the dowager dying within days of the grant .
gloucester was more fortunate , the dowager dying within days of the [give] .

Again , the grant consolidated existing ducal interests , rounding out Gloucester 's influence in the honour of Pickering further east .
again , the [give] consolidated existing ducal interests , rounding out gloucester 's influence in the honour of pickering further east .

The grant was made specifically in the context of a projected campaign against Scotland and was designed to avoid damaging disputes over military authority by setting Gloucester firmly above the other northern peers .
the [give] was made specifically in the context of a projected campaign against scotland and was designed to avoid damaging disputes over military authority by setting gloucester firmly above the other northern peers .

Stanley interests had first been brought into conflict with Gloucester by Edward 's grant of extensive Lancashire land to the duke in 1469 .
stanley interests had first been brought into conflict with gloucester by edward 's [give] of extensive lancashire land to the duke in 1469 .

After his return in 1471 Edward tried to limit the damage to the Stanleys by modifying Gloucester 's grant .
after his return in 1471 edward tried to limit the damage to the stanleys by modifying gloucester 's [give] .

He had also been made steward of Tottington , Rochdale and Penwortham just two weeks before the grant to Gloucester .
he had also been made steward of tottington , rochdale and penwortham just two weeks before the [give] to gloucester .

Edward apparently intended the later grant to stand , and on 7July ordered Stanley and his servants to cease meddling in the offices granted to Gloucester .
edward apparently intended the later [give] to stand , and on 7july ordered stanley and his servants to cease meddling in the offices granted to gloucester .

The grant has led one historian to question Edward 's mental state , but this is an over-reaction .
the [give] has led one historian to question edward 's mental state , but this is an over-reaction .

For most practical purposes , therefore , the meat of the grant lay in the clauses relating to Cumberland , and these were more modest .
for most practical purposes , therefore , the meat of the [give] lay in the clauses relating to cumberland , and these were more modest .

The grant of 1482/3 made these hereditary , and also gave the duke and his heirs all other royal land in the county , together with the right to appoint the escheator .
the [give] of 1482/3 made these hereditary , and also gave the duke and his heirs all other royal land in the county , together with the right to appoint the escheator .

This grant was to be Edward 's final contribution to his brother 's northern empire .
this [give] was to be edward 's final contribution to his brother 's northern empire .

The 1471 grant gave Gloucester the lion 's share of the forfeited property , including all the Cambridgeshire land , all but one of the Suffolk manors and all but four of those in Essex .
the 1471 [give] gave gloucester the lion 's share of the forfeited property , including all the cambridgeshire land , all but one of the suffolk manors and all but four of those in essex .

The grant of 1471 also included land in the region forfeited by Lewis Fitzjohn , John Darcy and Robert Harleston , as well as estates in Lincolnshire forfeited by Sir Thomas de la Laund and Sir Thomas Dymmoke .
the [give] of 1471 also included land in the region forfeited by lewis fitzjohn , john darcy and robert harleston , as well as estates in lincolnshire forfeited by sir thomas de la laund and sir thomas dymmoke .

Of the subsidiary grants , Gloucester lost all but the de la Laund estates , although this grant was widened to include the reversion of the land held by the knight 's widow Katherine Tempest .
of the subsidiary grants , gloucester lost all but the de la laund estates , although this [give] was widened to include the reversion of the land held by the knight 's widow katherine tempest .

The grant specifically included the right , during the royal minority , to exercise the king 's patronage throughout the area concerned .
the [give] specifically included the right , during the royal minority , to exercise the king 's patronage throughout the area concerned .

On the next day , 16 May , a separate grant gave Buckingham the offices of constable , steward and receiver of the duchy of Lancaster honour of Monmouth .
on the next day , 16 may , a separate [give] gave buckingham the offices of constable , steward and receiver of the duchy of lancaster honour of monmouth .

The grant of the chancellorship of the earldom of March to William Catesby may also have owed something to Hastings , although , given the location of the office , probably more to another of Catesby 's patrons , the duke of Buckingham .
the [give] of the chancellorship of the earldom of march to william catesby may also have owed something to hastings , although , given the location of the office , probably more to another of catesby 's patrons , the duke of buckingham .

Despite this , one still sees lay lords investing in land — there was no possible alternative — and the need to compensate for declining returns to maintain an existing standard of living may indeed explain some of the characteristic features of fifteenth-century society , the pursuit of heiresses , the search for the patronage of a greater man , particularly the King who could grant pensions and offices , and the desire to campaign overseas .
despite this , one still sees lay lords investing in land — there was no possible alternative — and the need to compensate for declining returns to maintain an existing standard of living may indeed explain some of the characteristic features of fifteenth-century society , the pursuit of heiresses , the search for the patronage of a greater man , particularly the king who could [give] pensions and offices , and the desire to campaign overseas .

In 1990 Grant and co-workers started a programme of transplanting liver together with intestine , and three of their five patients are still alive ( 2 months , 2 years , and 3½ years ) ; the other two patients died from lymphoma .
in 1990 [give] and co-workers started a programme of transplanting liver together with intestine , and three of their five patients are still alive ( 2 months , 2 years , and 3½ years ) ; the other two patients died from lymphoma .

The court also refused to grant a declaration saying that health secretary Virginia Bottomley had broken the law , since she had properly delegated the task of consultation .
the court also refused to [give] a declaration saying that health secretary virginia bottomley had broken the law , since she had properly delegated the task of consultation .

The traditional public finance approach to intergovernmental grants ( or grants-in-aid ) which flow from central ( or federal ) government to local ( or state ) authorities has been concerned with the question of what form the grant should take .
the traditional public finance approach to intergovernmental grants ( or grants-in-aid ) which flow from central ( or federal ) government to local ( or state ) authorities has been concerned with the question of what form the [give] should take .

In order to know how to structure the grant , it is necessary to predict the response of the local authority to different kinds of grant .
in order to know how to structure the [give] , it is necessary to predict the response of the local authority to different kinds of [give] .

In this way , the impact of alternative forms of grant on local fiscal decisions becomes an important consideration when choosing the ‘ appropriate ’ form of grant to use .
in this way , the impact of alternative forms of [give] on local fiscal decisions becomes an important consideration when choosing the ‘ appropriate ’ form of [give] to use .

Conditional grants are dependent ( in some way ) on the behaviour of the recipient local authority ; for example , central government may require that the grant be spent on some particular expenditure programme ( health , education , transport ) .
conditional grants are dependent ( in some way ) on the behaviour of the recipient local authority ; for example , central government may require that the [give] be spent on some particular expenditure programme ( health , education , transport ) .

In traditional public finance , the form in which the grant is made will influence the expenditure of local authorities .
in traditional public finance , the form in which the [give] is made will influence the expenditure of local authorities .

11–3 ) represents a constraint prior to any grant assistance from a federal government .
11–3 ) represents a constraint prior to any [give] assistance from a federal government .

11–3 the line 12 illustrates the trade-off faced by a ‘ representative ’ individual prior to grant assistance .
11–3 the line 12 illustrates the trade-off faced by a ‘ representative ’ individual prior to [give] assistance .

Conditional , non-matching closed grant
conditional , non-matching closed [give]

11–4 it is possible to consider the impact of a conditional , non-matching grant .
11–4 it is possible to consider the impact of a conditional , non-matching [give] .

Matching open-ended grant
matching open-ended [give]

Matching closed-ended grant
matching closed-ended [give]

With a closed-ended matching grant the budget line will be kinked .
with a closed-ended matching [give] the budget line will be kinked .

The above examples of intergovernmental grants are by no means exhaustive , but enough has been said to indicate that , when the form of grant aid is specified , the nature of the amendment of the budget line for local authorities is specified .
the above examples of intergovernmental grants are by no means exhaustive , but enough has been said to indicate that , when the form of [give] aid is specified , the nature of the amendment of the budget line for local authorities is specified .

One point that is obvious is that a matching grant is generally more successful than a non-matching grant in stimulating local expenditure on a particular good or service .
one point that is obvious is that a matching [give] is generally more successful than a non-matching [give] in stimulating local expenditure on a particular good or service .

It is already clear that , for example , if the objective of the central government is to encourage local authority spending in some service , a matching grant will be preferred to a lump-sum grant , even though the lump-sum may increase the welfare of the local authority residents by more than a matching grant .
it is already clear that , for example , if the objective of the central government is to encourage local authority spending in some service , a matching [give] will be preferred to a lump-sum [give] , even though the lump-sum may increase the welfare of the local authority residents by more than a matching [give] .

This is just one example of the interrelationship between the form of grant and the objective of the central authority .
this is just one example of the interrelationship between the form of [give] and the objective of the central authority .

If the central government plays a role purely in terms of revenue raising , then an unconditional grant would seem the most appropriate instrument from the point of view of benefiting the recipient local authority .
if the central government plays a role purely in terms of revenue raising , then an unconditional [give] would seem the most appropriate instrument from the point of view of benefiting the recipient local authority .

Sufficient has been said to suggest that there may be good reason to utilize intergovernmental grants and that , in order to choose the appropriate grant , it is necessary to consider both the objective and the likely response of the local authority to the grant .
sufficient has been said to suggest that there may be good reason to utilize intergovernmental grants and that , in order to choose the appropriate [give] , it is necessary to consider both the objective and the likely response of the local authority to the [give] .

With reference to the previous discussion of an unconditional , non-matching grant , it was illustrated that the effect on local spending is just the same as that which arises as a result of an increase in income .
with reference to the previous discussion of an unconditional , non-matching [give] , it was illustrated that the effect on local spending is just the same as that which arises as a result of an increase in income .

It is relatively straightforward to consider the impact of any form of central government grant .
it is relatively straightforward to consider the impact of any form of central government [give] .

Assume , for example , that the local authority receives a lump-sum specific grant .
assume , for example , that the local authority receives a lump-sum specific [give] .

Even so , King argues that his theory has the advantage of also explaining why a lump-sum grant has less of an impact on local spending than does an equal value-matching grant — another result evident in empirical work .
even so , king argues that his theory has the advantage of also explaining why a lump-sum [give] has less of an impact on local spending than does an equal value-matching [give] — another result evident in empirical work .

The nominated approver must use this routine before being allowed to grant approval to a package but need not prepare the listings to deny approval .
the nominated approver must use this routine before being allowed to [give] approval to a package but need not prepare the listings to deny approval .

The user has attempted to grant approval to a package before the approval listings have been prepared .
the user has attempted to [give] approval to a package before the approval listings have been prepared .

Grant / Deny Approval To Package
[give] / deny approval to package

This option enables you to either grant or deny approval to a package .
this option enables you to either [give] or deny approval to a package .

Note that only the nominated Approver can grant approval to a package but that the nominated Approver or one of his ascendants who has Quality Assurer privilege can deny approval to a package .
note that only the nominated approver can [give] approval to a package but that the nominated approver or one of his ascendants who has quality assurer privilege can deny approval to a package .

Quality Assurer privilege allows you to grant or deny approval to packages using option 1.5.3 .
quality assurer privilege allows you to [give] or deny approval to packages using option 1.5.3 .

Grant / Cancel Special Link
[give] / cancel special link

If you are the nominated approver , you should deny approval to the package using option 1.5.3 — Grant / Deny Approval To Package .
if you are the nominated approver , you should deny approval to the package using option 1.5.3 — [give] / deny approval to package .

If you are the nominated approver , you should deny approval to the package using option 1.5.3 — Grant / Deny Approval To Package .
if you are the nominated approver , you should deny approval to the package using option 1.5.3 — [give] / deny approval to package .

You have tried to grant approval to a package before the approval listings have been prepared .
you have tried to [give] approval to a package before the approval listings have been prepared .

Quality Assurer privilege allows you to grant or deny approval to packages using option 1.5.3 .
quality assurer privilege allows you to [give] or deny approval to packages using option 1.5.3 .

Once the designated approver has decided whether or not the package is to be approved , he will grant or deny approval to the package using option 1.5.3 .
once the designated approver has decided whether or not the package is to be approved , he will [give] or deny approval to the package using option 1.5.3 .

In other words , any immigrant , disabled , single-parent , unemployed lesbian trombonist could get a grant for turning up .
in other words , any immigrant , disabled , single-parent , unemployed lesbian trombonist could get a [give] for turning up .

If a person died intestate the court had power to grant letters of administration of his estate to executors .
if a person died intestate the court had power to [give] letters of administration of his estate to executors .

Markets had been held there from time immemorial , almost certainly from long before a royal grant was obtained in 1245 for an annual four-day fair .
markets had been held there from time immemorial , almost certainly from long before a royal [give] was obtained in 1245 for an annual four-day fair .

Family financial planning is now in good hands for George Grant , a senior designer at Elderslie , as he has recently married Myra Skinner , secretary to the General Manager at the headquarters of the Clydesdale Bank .
family financial planning is now in good hands for george [give] , a senior designer at elderslie , as he has recently married myra skinner , secretary to the general manager at the headquarters of the clydesdale bank .

You are hereby served with an application by your husband/wife which asks the Court to grant a decree of divorce .
you are hereby served with an application by your husband/wife which asks the court to [give] a decree of divorce .

Impressed with Stan 's success rate Dr Panchen offered to employ him as a collector of specimens for the University using a grant from the National Environmental Research Council .
impressed with stan 's success rate dr panchen offered to employ him as a collector of specimens for the university using a [give] from the national environmental research council .

An urban regeneration scheme may possibly require some form of grant or other incentive financing to be viable , when capital and operating costs are taken into account .
an urban regeneration scheme may possibly require some form of [give] or other incentive financing to be viable , when capital and operating costs are taken into account .

As it is usually necessary to demonstrate that the project will not go ahead without the grant , work can not start until the grant application has been accepted .
as it is usually necessary to demonstrate that the project will not go ahead without the [give] , work can not start until the [give] application has been accepted .

One of the objectives of grant finance is to act as an incentive for investment from the private sector . Typically , a ratio of 1:4 public:private finance is required
one of the objectives of [give] finance is to act as an incentive for investment from the private sector . typically , a ratio of 1:4 public:private finance is required

Before making a grant application , up-to-date information on the latest regulations , eligibility and procedures should be obtained .
before making a [give] application , up-to-date information on the latest regulations , eligibility and procedures should be obtained .

It was announced in March 1990 that proposed new legislation would grant exclusive rights to the national news agency , Bernama , to receive incoming news .
it was announced in march 1990 that proposed new legislation would [give] exclusive rights to the national news agency , bernama , to receive incoming news .

Patten told the House of Commons in a statement that government finance for local authorities ( grant and business rate allocation ) would rise by 12.8 per cent from £23,100 million to £26,000 million in 1991-92 .
patten told the house of commons in a statement that government finance for local authorities ( [give] and business rate allocation ) would rise by 12.8 per cent from £23,100 million to £26,000 million in 1991-92 .

In June 1989 the government refused to grant the fundamentalist Islamic Nahdah movement ( Mouvement de la renaissance ) legal recognition as a political party , on the grounds that by law founders and leaders of parties must not have been convicted of offences warranting more than three months ' imprisonment or six months ' suspended sentence ; 15 Nahdah leaders , although at liberty , still had current convictions dating from September 1987 ( see p. 36633 ) .
in june 1989 the government refused to [give] the fundamentalist islamic nahdah movement ( mouvement de la renaissance ) legal recognition as a political party , on the grounds that by law founders and leaders of parties must not have been convicted of offences warranting more than three months ' imprisonment or six months ' suspended sentence ; 15 nahdah leaders , although at liberty , still had current convictions dating from september 1987 ( see p. 36633 ) .

Planning and Finance Minister Mohamed Ghanouchi signed agreements on Aug. 21 , 1989 , with the visiting French Economy Minister , Pierre Beregovoy , for three new lines of credit and a grant totalling dollars 161,000,000 , as well as food aid of 50,000 tonnes of cereals .
planning and finance minister mohamed ghanouchi signed agreements on aug. 21 , 1989 , with the visiting french economy minister , pierre beregovoy , for three new lines of credit and a [give] totalling dollars 161,000,000 , as well as food aid of 50,000 tonnes of cereals .

On Jan. 24 , 1990 , a law was passed in the Sejm allowing the Constitutional Tribunal to grant equal privileges to both the Senate and the Sejm .
on jan. 24 , 1990 , a law was passed in the sejm allowing the constitutional tribunal to [give] equal privileges to both the senate and the sejm .

Moves towards toleration began during 1686 , when James used his prerogative powers to grant a large number of pardons and remissions of fines ( especially to Quakers ) , and even allowed individuals to obtain dispensations from the penal laws .
moves towards toleration began during 1686 , when james used his prerogative powers to [give] a large number of pardons and remissions of fines ( especially to quakers ) , and even allowed individuals to obtain dispensations from the penal laws .

The third major group to be settled were the Burgundians , who were apparently given Sapaudia a year after the grant of Gallia Ulterior to the Alans .
the third major group to be settled were the burgundians , who were apparently given sapaudia a year after the [give] of gallia ulterior to the alans .

Wallia may have had some say in the grant made to his people .
wallia may have had some say in the [give] made to his people .

The area of Gallia Ulterior conceded to the Alans may well have been that area which had supported Tibatto , and the grant may well have been a means of punishing the rebels and keeping them under surveillance , as well as being a reward for the followers of Goar .
the area of gallia ulterior conceded to the alans may well have been that area which had supported tibatto , and the [give] may well have been a means of punishing the rebels and keeping them under surveillance , as well as being a reward for the followers of goar .

The problem which arises from this is that we are never given any inkling of the totality of a king 's estates , and there is a particular difficulty in trying to construct a picture of crown land by listing all references to it from the whole Merovingian period ; if kings rewarded their followers by conferring estates on them , even though the grant might not be hereditary , the pool of land must have changed constantly .
the problem which arises from this is that we are never given any inkling of the totality of a king 's estates , and there is a particular difficulty in trying to construct a picture of crown land by listing all references to it from the whole merovingian period ; if kings rewarded their followers by conferring estates on them , even though the [give] might not be hereditary , the pool of land must have changed constantly .

Whereas the former emphasized that the whole point of emancipation was to provide serfs with land ( not just to grant them freedom ) , the latter spoke of enabling peasants to acquire land only `` when feasible and necessary `` .
whereas the former emphasized that the whole point of emancipation was to provide serfs with land ( not just to [give] them freedom ) , the latter spoke of enabling peasants to acquire land only `` when feasible and necessary `` .

One of the most curious of these was the knighting of ambassadors at the end of their mission by the monarch to whom they had been accredited and the grant to them of augmentations to their coats of arms .
one of the most curious of these was the knighting of ambassadors at the end of their mission by the monarch to whom they had been accredited and the [give] to them of augmentations to their coats of arms .

They managed to send Richard to school and at some time he attracted the notice of the lawyer-priest Thomas de Nevill , later Archdeacon of Durham , who gave him a grant to study at Oxford when he was about thirteen or fourteen years old .
they managed to send richard to school and at some time he attracted the notice of the lawyer-priest thomas de nevill , later archdeacon of durham , who gave him a [give] to study at oxford when he was about thirteen or fourteen years old .

The Vendors undertake to grant an option , expiring on [ Date ] , to the [ purchaser ] for the sum of £ [ ] to purchase the company for the above sum of £ [ ] .
the vendors undertake to [give] an option , expiring on [ date ] , to the [ purchaser ] for the sum of £ [ ] to purchase the company for the above sum of £ [ ] .

Lastly , he had attended personally to the reprisal attack on Grant 's girlfriend and the recapture of the Wyatt girl .
lastly , he had attended personally to the reprisal attack on [give] 's girlfriend and the recapture of the wyatt girl .

The firebombing of the Sherman & Grant office premises had underlined the lesson , while taking care of the possibility that the elder one may have kept the severed finger he had been sent as a warning .
the firebombing of the sherman & [give] office premises had underlined the lesson , while taking care of the possibility that the elder one may have kept the severed finger he had been sent as a warning .

That night , even as Grant 's and Springfield 's combined troops were mustering in Rockford for their council of war , the Prophet returned to his luxurious city apartment from the final meeting of his latest highly successful and highly profitable crusade .
that night , even as [give] 's and springfield 's combined troops were mustering in rockford for their council of war , the prophet returned to his luxurious city apartment from the final meeting of his latest highly successful and highly profitable crusade .

Unaware of the death of the sect 's figurehead leader , Grant , Springfield and their patchwork assembly of troops were preparing to take on the real power behind the throne — the sinister oriental who was using the organisation as a front for his Triad drugs network .
unaware of the death of the sect 's figurehead leader , [give] , springfield and their patchwork assembly of troops were preparing to take on the real power behind the throne — the sinister oriental who was using the organisation as a front for his triad drugs network .

Known to Grant and Springfield as Doctor Sung , to the sect membership as Archangel Michael , to his fellow sect leaders as Angel One , and to his Triad masters as Agent Red Sixteen , he was truly a shadow warrior of many guises .
known to [give] and springfield as doctor sung , to the sect membership as archangel michael , to his fellow sect leaders as angel one , and to his triad masters as agent red sixteen , he was truly a shadow warrior of many guises .

At half past midnight , Springfield drew the council of war to a close by pushing back his chair and standing up behind the big desk , where he had been sitting flanked by Grant and Deputy Fenton .
at half past midnight , springfield drew the council of war to a close by pushing back his chair and standing up behind the big desk , where he had been sitting flanked by [give] and deputy fenton .

Grant watched them go , chatting amiably and swapping friendly banter as they went , easing their inner tensions as they moved nearer to zero hour .
[give] watched them go , chatting amiably and swapping friendly banter as they went , easing their inner tensions as they moved nearer to zero hour .

In answer to Grant 's summons , Larsen had turned up accompanied by ten well muscled companions .
in answer to [give] 's summons , larsen had turned up accompanied by ten well muscled companions .

Grant 's other ally , Rocky O'Rourke , had also answered the call and enlisted the willing aid of nine other truckers .
[give] 's other ally , rocky o'rourke , had also answered the call and enlisted the willing aid of nine other truckers .

Big , raw-boned farm hands , they looked to Grant as though they spent their working time wrestling bulls — and winning !
big , raw-boned farm hands , they looked to [give] as though they spent their working time wrestling bulls — and winning !

Thirty men in all , by Grant 's head count .
thirty men in all , by [give] 's head count .

As they filed out of the building onto the sidewalk , Grant eyed the sheriff 's broad back and wondered what Springfield was holding back .
as they filed out of the building onto the sidewalk , [give] eyed the sheriff 's broad back and wondered what springfield was holding back .

In addition to the remark about ‘ having a few aces up his sleeve ’ , something else the big sheriff had said was puzzling Grant .
in addition to the remark about ‘ having a few aces up his sleeve ’ , something else the big sheriff had said was puzzling [give] .

During the meeting , Grant had raised the possibility of the sect 's operating an armed outside patrol to circle the perimeter fence , in view of the large drugs shipment Sherman had seen on the night of his suicidal attack .
during the meeting , [give] had raised the possibility of the sect 's operating an armed outside patrol to circle the perimeter fence , in view of the large drugs shipment sherman had seen on the night of his suicidal attack .

Further , Curtis had informed Grant that the word on the streets was that the recent outbreak of violence and killing had been all about a territorial dispute between rival Triad and Mafia gangs .
further , curtis had informed [give] that the word on the streets was that the recent outbreak of violence and killing had been all about a territorial dispute between rival triad and mafia gangs .

Grant had suggested that the first action of the night should be the despatch of two armed groups from the road outside Bethlehem House to circle the perimeter fence in opposite directions .
[give] had suggested that the first action of the night should be the despatch of two armed groups from the road outside bethlehem house to circle the perimeter fence in opposite directions .

Springfield , however , had surprised Grant by replying that this would not be necessary as ‘ it had been taken care of .
springfield , however , had surprised [give] by replying that this would not be necessary as ‘ it had been taken care of .

’ As the big sheriff had volunteered no further explanation , Grant decided to wait and see exactly what Springfield was up to — or more accurately had been up to .
’ as the big sheriff had volunteered no further explanation , [give] decided to wait and see exactly what springfield was up to — or more accurately had been up to .

Grant and Larsen would be the first to go into action , their mission to break into the house itself , having penetrated the enemy territory via a gap cut in the fence .
[give] and larsen would be the first to go into action , their mission to break into the house itself , having penetrated the enemy territory via a gap cut in the fence .

Heading the seven vehicle convoy was the Sheriff 's car , carrying Springfield himself , Fenton who was driving , Grant and Larsen .
heading the seven vehicle convoy was the sheriff 's car , carrying springfield himself , fenton who was driving , [give] and larsen .

Standing beside the sheriff 's car , Grant eyed the broken cloud cover overhead with mixed feelings .
standing beside the sheriff 's car , [give] eyed the broken cloud cover overhead with mixed feelings .

Following the direction of his gaze , Grant and the others saw movement among the trees there , some fifty yards away .
following the direction of his gaze , [give] and the others saw movement among the trees there , some fifty yards away .

To their surprise several figures , Grant estimated about twenty , filed out from the dark treeline onto the overgrown verge and began to move towards them .
to their surprise several figures , [give] estimated about twenty , filed out from the dark treeline onto the overgrown verge and began to move towards them .

Grant shot an amused glance at Springfield .
[give] shot an amused glance at springfield .

They gave the impression of being a hunting party — not far from the truth , Grant thought , but for the fact that many carried baseball bats and all had their faces heavily smeared with camouflage cream .
they gave the impression of being a hunting party — not far from the truth , [give] thought , but for the fact that many carried baseball bats and all had their faces heavily smeared with camouflage cream .

As they watched them go Grant nudged Springfield and grinned .
as they watched them go [give] nudged springfield and grinned .

Grant stared at him , surprised . ‘ You mean a tunnel ? Are you serious ? ’
[give] stared at him , surprised . ‘ you mean a tunnel ? are you serious ? ’

’ Grant 's face darkened as his memory flashed back to when he 'd stood before the fearsome incendiary device in the basement of Bethlehem House .
’ [give] 's face darkened as his memory flashed back to when he 'd stood before the fearsome incendiary device in the basement of bethlehem house .

’ Grant nodded slowly .
’ [give] nodded slowly .

Grant shook his head and laughed .
[give] shook his head and laughed .

Like the captured enemy patrol , Grant and Larsen were dressed from head to foot in dark clothing , only in their case it was less military in style .
like the captured enemy patrol , [give] and larsen were dressed from head to foot in dark clothing , only in their case it was less military in style .

In addition , slung across his shoulder , Grant carried a coiled rope knotted every two feet to facilitate climbing .
in addition , slung across his shoulder , [give] carried a coiled rope knotted every two feet to facilitate climbing .

Springfield and Fenton pulled back the flaps of the cut they had made in the chain-link fence , allowing Grant and Larsen to duck through into hostile territory .
springfield and fenton pulled back the flaps of the cut they had made in the chain-link fence , allowing [give] and larsen to duck through into hostile territory .

The two lawmen wished them luck and with a wave of acknowledgement , Grant and Larsen turned and made their way quickly and silently into the thick trees .
the two lawmen wished them luck and with a wave of acknowledgement , [give] and larsen turned and made their way quickly and silently into the thick trees .

Straining his ears over the slight sounds of their careful progress for any alien noises in the night , Grant found his thoughts increasingly filled with unsettling images of leaping dark shapes and gleaming fangs .
straining his ears over the slight sounds of their careful progress for any alien noises in the night , [give] found his thoughts increasingly filled with unsettling images of leaping dark shapes and gleaming fangs .

One behind the other , Grant leading , they moved at a fast walk .
one behind the other , [give] leading , they moved at a fast walk .

The second time they did this , it suddenly came home to Grant just how terrified Jim Miller and his pal must have been , unarmed and defenceless , the night they had made their escape bid .
the second time they did this , it suddenly came home to [give] just how terrified jim miller and his pal must have been , unarmed and defenceless , the night they had made their escape bid .

Grant stopped as soon as the house came in sight and , signalling for Larsen to follow , he moved quickly into the darkness of the trees to their left .
[give] stopped as soon as the house came in sight and , signalling for larsen to follow , he moved quickly into the darkness of the trees to their left .

Grant checked his watch .
[give] checked his watch .

Grant considered for a moment then nodded .
[give] considered for a moment then nodded .

Grant plucked the transmitter from his pocket and extended the aerial .
[give] plucked the transmitter from his pocket and extended the aerial .

No signs of enemy activity , ’ Grant reported .
no signs of enemy activity , ’ [give] reported .

’ Grant slid the aerial back into its socket and replaced the little transmitter in his breast pocket .
’ [give] slid the aerial back into its socket and replaced the little transmitter in his breast pocket .

Blissfully unaware of the impending danger , Grant stood under the outer canopy of the treeline and eyed the cloud cover overhead , in time to see the moon slide out of sight .
blissfully unaware of the impending danger , [give] stood under the outer canopy of the treeline and eyed the cloud cover overhead , in time to see the moon slide out of sight .

Grant 's eyes swept up the massive three storied building to the roof .
[give] 's eyes swept up the massive three storied building to the roof .

Grant , satisfied that the wide expanse of lawn between them and the dark treeline remained comfortingly deserted , and no light showed in any of the blank windows of the house , slipped the coiled rope from his shoulder .
[give] , satisfied that the wide expanse of lawn between them and the dark treeline remained comfortingly deserted , and no light showed in any of the blank windows of the house , slipped the coiled rope from his shoulder .

Taking a deep breath , Grant darted forward from the concealment of the bushes , keeping as low as possible without actually going on all fours .
taking a deep breath , [give] darted forward from the concealment of the bushes , keeping as low as possible without actually going on all fours .

The hooked missile soared aloft , the rope snaking after it as the loose coils flicked rapidly from Grant 's left hand .
the hooked missile soared aloft , the rope snaking after it as the loose coils flicked rapidly from [give] 's left hand .

There was a faint rattle and a metallic clink from high above and Grant sank back into a crouch , waiting with baited breath to see if the slight noise had alerted anyone .
there was a faint rattle and a metallic clink from high above and [give] sank back into a crouch , waiting with baited breath to see if the slight noise had alerted anyone .

Placing a foot against the wall , Grant leaned back on the rope .
placing a foot against the wall , [give] leaned back on the rope .

Grant had always prided himself on his fitness and worked out regularly in his health club gym , but by the time he made it to where the stone coping of the sloping gable joined the chimney stack , he felt as though every muscle of his arms and shoulders were on fire .
[give] had always prided himself on his fitness and worked out regularly in his health club gym , but by the time he made it to where the stone coping of the sloping gable joined the chimney stack , he felt as though every muscle of his arms and shoulders were on fire .

As he lay for a few seconds recovering from his efforts , Grant ran his eye along the expanse of the steeply sloping roof .
as he lay for a few seconds recovering from his efforts , [give] ran his eye along the expanse of the steeply sloping roof .

Leaning over , Grant pointed his torch down in the direction of the black mass of shrubbery where he knew Larsen was crouched , and flashed the pencil beam twice .
leaning over , [give] pointed his torch down in the direction of the black mass of shrubbery where he knew larsen was crouched , and flashed the pencil beam twice .

Grant got the impression that Larsen must have been waiting for his signal , like a sprinter crouched in his blocks waiting for the starter 's gun to launch him into motion .
[give] got the impression that larsen must have been waiting for his signal , like a sprinter crouched in his blocks waiting for the starter 's gun to launch him into motion .

The rope beside Grant went taut and began to give off creaking noises of friction at the point where it disappeared over the edge of the stone coping , as it took the weight of the climbing man below .
the rope beside [give] went taut and began to give off creaking noises of friction at the point where it disappeared over the edge of the stone coping , as it took the weight of the climbing man below .

Just then a ripple of movement far out in the grounds caught the left edge of Grant 's vision .
just then a ripple of movement far out in the grounds caught the left edge of [give] 's vision .

Quickly Grant slid a few feet down the slates and leaned carefully out round the edge of the massive chimney stack , until he could peer over the coping .
quickly [give] slid a few feet down the slates and leaned carefully out round the edge of the massive chimney stack , until he could peer over the coping .

At that moment Larsen stopped for a breather , glanced up and caught sight of Grant 's head outlined against the night sky .
at that moment larsen stopped for a breather , glanced up and caught sight of [give] 's head outlined against the night sky .

Grant glanced out beyond the dangling figure .
[give] glanced out beyond the dangling figure .

That would definitely panic him worse than anything Grant could say .
that would definitely panic him worse than anything [give] could say .

When his head jerked back to look up at Grant again , it was n't his teeth that were gleaming in the dark now , it was the whites of his eyes , wide with fear .
when his head jerked back to look up at [give] again , it was n't his teeth that were gleaming in the dark now , it was the whites of his eyes , wide with fear .

Grant 's heart leapt into his mouth and he was convinced Larsen was going to lose his nerve , then his grip on the rope , to plummet down to an unthinkable death .
[give] 's heart leapt into his mouth and he was convinced larsen was going to lose his nerve , then his grip on the rope , to plummet down to an unthinkable death .

Seconds later , Larsen tumbled breathlessly over the edge of the stone coping , helped by a strong one-handed pull on his collar from Grant .
seconds later , larsen tumbled breathlessly over the edge of the stone coping , helped by a strong one-handed pull on his collar from [give] .

But the scent was so fresh , it was obvious the beasts would be unwilling to leave for a while , so Grant decided to ignore them and push on with the next stage of their operation .
but the scent was so fresh , it was obvious the beasts would be unwilling to leave for a while , so [give] decided to ignore them and push on with the next stage of their operation .

Again Grant took out his transmitter and contacted Springfield , keeping his voice barely above a whisper .
again [give] took out his transmitter and contacted springfield , keeping his voice barely above a whisper .

Grant ducked his head down through the gap and checked to make sure the corridor below was empty .
[give] ducked his head down through the gap and checked to make sure the corridor below was empty .

Larsen then passed the window pane down to Grant , and lowered himself through in turn .
larsen then passed the window pane down to [give] , and lowered himself through in turn .

The men were now standing in the long attic corridor containing the sleeping quarters Grant had visited on his recce of the house .
the men were now standing in the long attic corridor containing the sleeping quarters [give] had visited on his recce of the house .

Grant unslung the shotgun from around his neck and gripped it firmly across his chest .
[give] unslung the shotgun from around his neck and gripped it firmly across his chest .

As the figure turned the corner from the stairhead passage into the corridor , Grant drove the shotgun butt hard into his midriff .
as the figure turned the corner from the stairhead passage into the corridor , [give] drove the shotgun butt hard into his midriff .

Larsen grinned at Grant and made a circle of his thumb and forefinger .
larsen grinned at [give] and made a circle of his thumb and forefinger .

‘ Yeah , ’ Grant agreed , then added soberly , ‘ Only thing is , these particular fish happen t'be sharks , an ’ we wo n't be able to jump 'em all like this . ’
‘ yeah , ’ [give] agreed , then added soberly , ‘ only thing is , these particular fish happen t'be sharks , an ’ we wo n't be able to jump 'em all like this . ’

Grant listened for a moment for any signs that the slight noise of the brief scuffle had attracted attention from the floor below .
[give] listened for a moment for any signs that the slight noise of the brief scuffle had attracted attention from the floor below .

Leaving Larsen on guard at the head of the stairs , Grant began entering each sleeping cubicle in turn , working his way down one wing of the corridor .
leaving larsen on guard at the head of the stairs , [give] began entering each sleeping cubicle in turn , working his way down one wing of the corridor .

While Grant was wakening the kids , he discovered to his dismay that most of the cubicles held four occupants , sleeping in bunk beds .
while [give] was wakening the kids , he discovered to his dismay that most of the cubicles held four occupants , sleeping in bunk beds .

When they were all sitting cross-legged in the corridor , huddled in their blankets , staring wide-eyed at the two tough looking armed figures he realised they must present , Grant called in one last time to Springfield .
when they were all sitting cross-legged in the corridor , huddled in their blankets , staring wide-eyed at the two tough looking armed figures he realised they must present , [give] called in one last time to springfield .

’ The sheriff 's reply sounded clearly in the hushed corridor , impressing the assembled kids and seeming to confirm Grant 's claim to be part of an official police operation — if any needed convincing after seeing one of the feared Apostles being dragged unconscious into an empty cubicle .
’ the sheriff 's reply sounded clearly in the hushed corridor , impressing the assembled kids and seeming to confirm [give] 's claim to be part of an official police operation — if any needed convincing after seeing one of the feared apostles being dragged unconscious into an empty cubicle .

This was the code telling Springfield that Grant was about to attempt to take out the basement Control Room .
this was the code telling springfield that [give] was about to attempt to take out the basement control room .

Taking a deep breath to calm his racing pulse , Grant stuck out his hand on impulse .
taking a deep breath to calm his racing pulse , [give] stuck out his hand on impulse .

Turning away , Grant walked to the head of the stairs and started down , shotgun held at the ready .
turning away , [give] walked to the head of the stairs and started down , shotgun held at the ready .

But Grant 's reaction was that fraction quicker .
but [give] 's reaction was that fraction quicker .

The weapon , a machine pistol , loosed off a short burst , spraying half a dozen rounds in Grant 's general direction .
the weapon , a machine pistol , loosed off a short burst , spraying half a dozen rounds in [give] 's general direction .

Instantly Grant rolled over and scrambled clumsily to his feet , his left thigh already numb from the tissue shock of his wound .
instantly [give] rolled over and scrambled clumsily to his feet , his left thigh already numb from the tissue shock of his wound .

Just then Grant heard shouts and running feet from various parts of the house , converging on the sounds of gunfire .
just then [give] heard shouts and running feet from various parts of the house , converging on the sounds of gunfire .

As Grant hurried down the narrow concrete stairs , he felt the first warning stab of pain in his torn thigh muscle .
as [give] hurried down the narrow concrete stairs , he felt the first warning stab of pain in his torn thigh muscle .

Their eyes met for the space of a long heartbeat , and despite the clean white bandage round the man 's forehead and the strip of plaster on one bruised cheek , Grant felt a surge of rage at the thought that he was face to face with the brutal oriental who had hurt Pam .
their eyes met for the space of a long heartbeat , and despite the clean white bandage round the man 's forehead and the strip of plaster on one bruised cheek , [give] felt a surge of rage at the thought that he was face to face with the brutal oriental who had hurt pam .

In that same instant , the Angel Two launched himself out of his chair , the speed of his reaction almost taking Grant by surprise in turn .
in that same instant , the angel two launched himself out of his chair , the speed of his reaction almost taking [give] by surprise in turn .

But in the split second it took Angel Two to cover the few feet between them , Grant reflexively pulled the trigger of the shotgun .
but in the split second it took angel two to cover the few feet between them , [give] reflexively pulled the trigger of the shotgun .

Spinning on his heel , Grant pumped another round into the breech , pulled the door half open and looked out .
spinning on his heel , [give] pumped another round into the breech , pulled the door half open and looked out .

The black eyes shifted momentarily to take in the mortally wounded Angel Two on the Control Room floor , then back to Grant .
the black eyes shifted momentarily to take in the mortally wounded angel two on the control room floor , then back to [give] .

‘ This time you have overreached yourself . Tonight the Hellhounds will feed on your corpse ! ’ Suddenly he shot out a blunt finger to point straight at Grant and snarled , Kill him ! ’
‘ this time you have overreached yourself . tonight the hellhounds will feed on your corpse ! ’ suddenly he shot out a blunt finger to point straight at [give] and snarled , kill him ! ’

Grant leapt back behind the cover of the metal sheathed door and as he did so , pulled the trigger of the shotgun , blasting off a wild shot up the length of the corridor .
[give] leapt back behind the cover of the metal sheathed door and as he did so , pulled the trigger of the shotgun , blasting off a wild shot up the length of the corridor .

Grant felt the partly open door shudder against his shoulder as the rounds hammered against the sheet steel of its surface .
[give] felt the partly open door shudder against his shoulder as the rounds hammered against the sheet steel of its surface .

Pumping a fresh shell into the breech , Grant waited till the long burst of enemy fire ceased when their magazines emptied .
pumping a fresh shell into the breech , [give] waited till the long burst of enemy fire ceased when their magazines emptied .

Cautiously Grant peered round the edge of the open door .
cautiously [give] peered round the edge of the open door .

Grant was still trying to puzzle out what the man had shouted , when there was a sudden blur of movement at the far end of the corridor and the black clad oriental leapt out to face him .
[give] was still trying to puzzle out what the man had shouted , when there was a sudden blur of movement at the far end of the corridor and the black clad oriental leapt out to face him .

In a split second of surprised immobility , Grant saw the deadly muzzle come to bear on him .
in a split second of surprised immobility , [give] saw the deadly muzzle come to bear on him .

Grant felt a hammer blow strike him on the right breast and a searing pain in his right bicep .
[give] felt a hammer blow strike him on the right breast and a searing pain in his right bicep .

Before Grant 's shocked eyes , the nightmare figure fell weakly forward against the far end of the big console , its remaining hand groping over the surface towards a red button .
before [give] 's shocked eyes , the nightmare figure fell weakly forward against the far end of the big console , its remaining hand groping over the surface towards a red button .

Now Grant understood the reason for Angel One 's seemingly unintelligible shout .
now [give] understood the reason for angel one 's seemingly unintelligible shout .

Gambling on the dying man being able to comprehend , he had ordered him to go for the destruct button , while he himself had kept Grant occupied by an exchange of fire .
gambling on the dying man being able to comprehend , he had ordered him to go for the destruct button , while he himself had kept [give] occupied by an exchange of fire .

Still on his knees , Grant raised the shotgun and , ignoring the protest from his injured bicep , worked the cocking mechanism and fired at the nightmarish , clawing figure before him .
still on his knees , [give] raised the shotgun and , ignoring the protest from his injured bicep , worked the cocking mechanism and fired at the nightmarish , clawing figure before him .

Grant scrambled awkwardly to his feet , his aching chest and right arm joining forces with his throbbing leg wound to make his movements clumsy .
[give] scrambled awkwardly to his feet , his aching chest and right arm joining forces with his throbbing leg wound to make his movements clumsy .

Pushing the door closed again , Grant limped over to the dead oriental .
pushing the door closed again , [give] limped over to the dead oriental .

Grant 's hand darted for his torch , but even as his fingers touched it , the floor shook under him and he heard a tremendous rumbling crash in the corridor he had just left .
[give] 's hand darted for his torch , but even as his fingers touched it , the floor shook under him and he heard a tremendous rumbling crash in the corridor he had just left .

When Grant had disappeared down the stairs to take out the Control , Larsen held up his hands to hush the rising murmur of talk which was starting to swell among the excited kids crowding the corridor .
when [give] had disappeared down the stairs to take out the control , larsen held up his hands to hush the rising murmur of talk which was starting to swell among the excited kids crowding the corridor .

While Grant and Larsen were infiltrating the enemy base , Sheriff Springfield organised the main force .
while [give] and larsen were infiltrating the enemy base , sheriff springfield organised the main force .

The watching men saw him duck his head to catch the latest radio transmission from Grant and Larsen .
the watching men saw him duck his head to catch the latest radio transmission from [give] and larsen .

Only two questions remained unanswered — the puzzling absence of any sect heavies and Grant 's worrying non-return .
only two questions remained unanswered — the puzzling absence of any sect heavies and [give] 's worrying non-return .

Between them they were carrying the sixth figure — the limp , white faced form of Brett Grant .
between them they were carrying the sixth figure — the limp , white faced form of brett [give] .

Dragging it open , Grant stepped quickly through into the clear air beyond and pulled the heavy door shut behind him , blotting out the smoke and heat .
dragging it open , [give] stepped quickly through into the clear air beyond and pulled the heavy door shut behind him , blotting out the smoke and heat .

This puzzled Grant .
this puzzled [give] .

Suddenly Grant felt drained and aware once more of the increasing ache in his injured arm and leg .
suddenly [give] felt drained and aware once more of the increasing ache in his injured arm and leg .

Grant 's eyes and throat were stinging from the thickening smoke , so he decided there was nothing for it but to check the mechanism of his shotgun .
[give] 's eyes and throat were stinging from the thickening smoke , so he decided there was nothing for it but to check the mechanism of his shotgun .

Inserting his left hand , Grant took a firm grip and heaved upwards .
inserting his left hand , [give] took a firm grip and heaved upwards .

Stepping onto the first rung , Grant began to descend the ladder into the shaft below .
stepping onto the first rung , [give] began to descend the ladder into the shaft below .

Grant quickly descended below ground , pulling the trapdoor shut over his head as he did so .
[give] quickly descended below ground , pulling the trapdoor shut over his head as he did so .

When he reached the foot of the ladder , Grant turned and directed the torch light down the length of the tunnel in which he now found himself .
when he reached the foot of the ladder , [give] turned and directed the torch light down the length of the tunnel in which he now found himself .

Realising that this section of tunnel might cave in under the weight of the collapsing building overhead , Grant started forward .
realising that this section of tunnel might cave in under the weight of the collapsing building overhead , [give] started forward .

Grant shivered as the cold dank air chilled him , and he quickened his pace .
[give] shivered as the cold dank air chilled him , and he quickened his pace .

Minutes later , when Grant estimated he must have covered a good quarter of a mile , he again saw a grey wall barring his passage in the torch beam up ahead .
minutes later , when [give] estimated he must have covered a good quarter of a mile , he again saw a grey wall barring his passage in the torch beam up ahead .

Arriving at the foot of the ladder , Grant 's feet crunched in a sprinkling of fresh soil underfoot .
arriving at the foot of the ladder , [give] 's feet crunched in a sprinkling of fresh soil underfoot .

Grant had to suppress the trickle of fear which ran through him , tightening his solar plexus and quickening his pulse , as he faced this dangerous man .
[give] had to suppress the trickle of fear which ran through him , tightening his solar plexus and quickening his pulse , as he faced this dangerous man .

Angel One , for his part , sensed the fear in Grant , and knew he had this hated enemy in his power … once he had disarmed him .
angel one , for his part , sensed the fear in [give] , and knew he had this hated enemy in his power … once he had disarmed him .

From experience he knew Grant had a weakness he could exploit — his concern for the safety of others — and it was a flaw which would now prove fatal .
from experience he knew [give] had a weakness he could exploit — his concern for the safety of others — and it was a flaw which would now prove fatal .

Grant forced himself to hold the challenging stare of the glittering black eyes for what seemed an age , but what was in fact only a few seconds .
[give] forced himself to hold the challenging stare of the glittering black eyes for what seemed an age , but what was in fact only a few seconds .

The tiny sound of distress broke the spell and spurred Grant into action .
the tiny sound of distress broke the spell and spurred [give] into action .

Slowly Grant lowered the shotgun to waist level .
slowly [give] lowered the shotgun to waist level .

Grant eyed his enemy bleakly .
[give] eyed his enemy bleakly .

‘ You flatter yourself , Grant .
‘ you flatter yourself , [give] .

Grant 's mind was in a whirl as he sought desperately for a way out .
[give] 's mind was in a whirl as he sought desperately for a way out .

‘ You 've got a strange sense of honour , ’ Grant riposted bitterly .
‘ you 've got a strange sense of honour , ’ [give] riposted bitterly .

’ As soon as he had spoken , Grant could have bitten his tongue off , realising his words displayed weakness .
’ as soon as he had spoken , [give] could have bitten his tongue off , realising his words displayed weakness .

The oriental glanced at Grant 's bandaged arm and shrugged .
the oriental glanced at [give] 's bandaged arm and shrugged .

Realising this was the only concession he would be likely to get , Grant nodded his acceptance .
realising this was the only concession he would be likely to get , [give] nodded his acceptance .

Aiming the shotgun as steadily as he could with his right hand despite the throbbing pain of his wounded bicep , Grant reached down and across his body with his left .
aiming the shotgun as steadily as he could with his right hand despite the throbbing pain of his wounded bicep , [give] reached down and across his body with his left .

Grant obeyed , flinging the pistol off to one side with a sweep of his arm .
[give] obeyed , flinging the pistol off to one side with a sweep of his arm .

‘ Now the shotgun , ’ he commanded , his glittering black eyes never leaving Grant 's .
‘ now the shotgun , ’ he commanded , his glittering black eyes never leaving [give] 's .

Grant hesitated momentarily , reluctant to discard the main weapon in his arsenal .
[give] hesitated momentarily , reluctant to discard the main weapon in his arsenal .

As the weapon crashed into the underbrush among the trees somewhere off to his left , Grant saw the oriental shove Jim Miller away from him and step forward .
as the weapon crashed into the underbrush among the trees somewhere off to his left , [give] saw the oriental shove jim miller away from him and step forward .

Paradoxically , it had the opposite effect on Grant .
paradoxically , it had the opposite effect on [give] .

Grant saw Jim Miller grab Louise by the hand and turn away , pulling her after him .
[give] saw jim miller grab louise by the hand and turn away , pulling her after him .

Now Grant was alone in the night with his fearsome adversary .
now [give] was alone in the night with his fearsome adversary .

Making a beckoning motion with the outheld knife , Grant flung out a verbal challenge to Angel One , trying to goad him .
making a beckoning motion with the outheld knife , [give] flung out a verbal challenge to angel one , trying to goad him .

Grant had no idea how close he 'd come to the truth , as he taunted his enemy .
[give] had no idea how close he 'd come to the truth , as he taunted his enemy .

Grant sensed he had succeeded in needling his opponent and tensed himself in readiness .
[give] sensed he had succeeded in needling his opponent and tensed himself in readiness .

In the same instant , however , Grant was caught a numbing blow on his left shoulder , as Angel One reacted to his move with uncanny speed , chopping down at him as he hurtled past and over him .
in the same instant , however , [give] was caught a numbing blow on his left shoulder , as angel one reacted to his move with uncanny speed , chopping down at him as he hurtled past and over him .

He had been surprised at the speed of Grant 's reaction and had received a painful , though superficial flesh wound in his left thigh from the knife thrust .
he had been surprised at the speed of [give] 's reaction and had received a painful , though superficial flesh wound in his left thigh from the knife thrust .

Grant watched Angel One closely , waiting for the attack to be launched .
[give] watched angel one closely , waiting for the attack to be launched .

Grant flung himself to one side … but this time he was just a split second too late .
[give] flung himself to one side … but this time he was just a split second too late .

Angel One had realised that Grant was lame in one leg , and knew also that his partly landed kick had further slowed him .
angel one had realised that [give] was lame in one leg , and knew also that his partly landed kick had further slowed him .

He was poising himself to launch a final attack on Grant , intending to finish him off at his leisure .
he was poising himself to launch a final attack on [give] , intending to finish him off at his leisure .

Next moment Grant 's hand reappeared holding a blunt , wide-mouthed pistol .
next moment [give] 's hand reappeared holding a blunt , wide-mouthed pistol .

Momentarily blinded by the eye-searing blaze of the ignited flare , Grant sensed the avenging form of his adversary closing on him once more .
momentarily blinded by the eye-searing blaze of the ignited flare , [give] sensed the avenging form of his adversary closing on him once more .

The knife dropped from Grant 's nerveless fingers and he staggered back , throwing up his right arm to shield his face .
the knife dropped from [give] 's nerveless fingers and he staggered back , throwing up his right arm to shield his face .

Grant had time only to register the knowledge that he had lost the unequal contest , and with it his life , before the final hiraken knuckle-blow landed , breaking his nose and cheekbones , and smashing him into bloody oblivion .
[give] had time only to register the knowledge that he had lost the unequal contest , and with it his life , before the final hiraken knuckle-blow landed , breaking his nose and cheekbones , and smashing him into bloody oblivion .

When Grant 's shout had spurred him into action , Jim Miller had seized Louise 's hand and pulled her after him , as he bolted to safety among the trees .
when [give] 's shout had spurred him into action , jim miller had seized louise 's hand and pulled her after him , as he bolted to safety among the trees .

Safety from Angel One , whom he felt sure had intended to kill them , had n't it been for Grant 's timely arrival .
safety from angel one , whom he felt sure had intended to kill them , had n't it been for [give] 's timely arrival .

It was not until the oriental had addressed the armed newcomer with the blackened face , that the two youngsters had recognised him as the private detective Brett Grant .
it was not until the oriental had addressed the armed newcomer with the blackened face , that the two youngsters had recognised him as the private detective brett [give] .

‘ Jube , Brett Grant 's in trouble .
‘ jube , brett [give] 's in trouble .

They arrived at the edge of the trees just in time to see Angel One advance to stand over the sprawled figure of Brett Grant .
they arrived at the edge of the trees just in time to see angel one advance to stand over the sprawled figure of brett [give] .

Aiming high for a body shot , so he would avoid hitting the prostrate Grant , he squeezed the trigger .
aiming high for a body shot , so he would avoid hitting the prostrate [give] , he squeezed the trigger .

In a sudden blur of motion , he leapt away from Grant and sprinted for the cover of the trees .
in a sudden blur of motion , he leapt away from [give] and sprinted for the cover of the trees .

Before the thunderclap echo of the last shot had died away , the clearing was empty , except for Grant 's motionless body .
before the thunderclap echo of the last shot had died away , the clearing was empty , except for [give] 's motionless body .

While Jube stood guard over Grant and the two youngsters , the other two truckers spent a fruitless few minutes checking to see whether the dangerous oriental was lurking in the immediate vicinity .
while jube stood guard over [give] and the two youngsters , the other two truckers spent a fruitless few minutes checking to see whether the dangerous oriental was lurking in the immediate vicinity .

It was then that Chuck had carried out a quick examination of the unconscious Grant , to ascertain the extent of his injuries .
it was then that chuck had carried out a quick examination of the unconscious [give] , to ascertain the extent of his injuries .

We 'll follow you an ’ carry Grant between us .
we 'll follow you an ’ carry [give] between us .

Slinging their guns over their shoulders ready for use at a moment 's notice , the three truckers picked Grant up , Jube and Red linking arms under his shoulders , and Chuck taking his feet .
slinging their guns over their shoulders ready for use at a moment 's notice , the three truckers picked [give] up , jube and red linking arms under his shoulders , and chuck taking his feet .

Springfield looked up from his examination of Grant 's inert form , a more thorough examination than Chuck had been able to give him earlier .
springfield looked up from his examination of [give] 's inert form , a more thorough examination than chuck had been able to give him earlier .

Climbing to his feet , the tall sheriff pocketed the small hand-mirror he had been holding to Grant 's lips .
climbing to his feet , the tall sheriff pocketed the small hand-mirror he had been holding to [give] 's lips .

In the back , the deeply unconscious Grant was lying across the rear seat , his head cradled in Larsen 's lap .
in the back , the deeply unconscious [give] was lying across the rear seat , his head cradled in larsen 's lap .

Springfield knew the flame of Grant 's life was flickering dangerously low , and that time was short .
springfield knew the flame of [give] 's life was flickering dangerously low , and that time was short .

Lowering his tracksuit bottom , the left leg of which was sticky with drying blood , he quickly bound the already clotting wound in his left thigh inflicted by Grant 's knife thrust .
lowering his tracksuit bottom , the left leg of which was sticky with drying blood , he quickly bound the already clotting wound in his left thigh inflicted by [give] 's knife thrust .

As he ran , his senses remained alert to the night around him , to ensure he did not run slap into any other hunting parties like the one that had intervened when he was dealing with Grant .
as he ran , his senses remained alert to the night around him , to ensure he did not run slap into any other hunting parties like the one that had intervened when he was dealing with [give] .

They had only a short time before followed the tantalising fresh scent-trail laid by Grant and Larsen , which they had then lost at the foot of the house wall .
they had only a short time before followed the tantalising fresh scent-trail laid by [give] and larsen , which they had then lost at the foot of the house wall .

Grant was moving steadily down a long gentle slope .
[give] was moving steadily down a long gentle slope .

For a long moment , Grant looked at the brightness ahead .
for a long moment , [give] looked at the brightness ahead .

When Grant regained consciousness again , the pain was still with him , but now it was at a bearable level .
when [give] regained consciousness again , the pain was still with him , but now it was at a bearable level .

Grant found himself looking up at an attractive dark haired nurse .
[give] found himself looking up at an attractive dark haired nurse .

‘ Some , ’ Grant replied round the glass tube in his mouth , just in case the question was really intended for him .
‘ some , ’ [give] replied round the glass tube in his mouth , just in case the question was really intended for him .

She paused and glanced towards the door , through which Grant heard the sound of footsteps entering , and smiled .
she paused and glanced towards the door , through which [give] heard the sound of footsteps entering , and smiled .

The nurse moved away from the bed and out of Grant 's vision , to be replaced immediately by a shining-eyed Pam , relief and concern vying for control of her features .
the nurse moved away from the bed and out of [give] 's vision , to be replaced immediately by a shining-eyed pam , relief and concern vying for control of her features .

The action jogged Grant 's memory .
the action jogged [give] 's memory .

Pam and the others moved aside to allow the doctor and the nurse to check Grant out , and Curtis pulled a face at the doctor 's back , making Pam stifle a giggle .
pam and the others moved aside to allow the doctor and the nurse to check [give] out , and curtis pulled a face at the doctor 's back , making pam stifle a giggle .

‘ We jes ’ dropped in t'cheer ‘ im up , doc ’ , ’ Curtis said to the white-coated back , as the doctor prepared a syringe and slid the needle expertly into a vein in Grant 's arm .
‘ we jes ’ dropped in t'cheer ‘ im up , doc ’ , ’ curtis said to the white-coated back , as the doctor prepared a syringe and slid the needle expertly into a vein in [give] 's arm .

He looked down at Grant .
he looked down at [give] .

Grant felt a gentle lethargy creeping over him , and the aches and pains of his battered body began to ebb away as the drug started to take effect .
[give] felt a gentle lethargy creeping over him , and the aches and pains of his battered body began to ebb away as the drug started to take effect .

Grant hoped he had heard his friend correctly . ‘ Y'mean you 're actually runnin' th'firm till me an ’ Harry git back ? ’
[give] hoped he had heard his friend correctly . ‘ y'mean you 're actually runnin' th'firm till me an ’ harry git back ? ’

Grant felt light-headed , but he could not tell whether it was due to the drug taking effect , or the happiness he felt at this news .
[give] felt light-headed , but he could not tell whether it was due to the drug taking effect , or the happiness he felt at this news .

The room started to fade , as Grant 's mind succumbed to the strong sedative the doctor had administered to him .
the room started to fade , as [give] 's mind succumbed to the strong sedative the doctor had administered to him .

She felt that Brett — and she — would be safer with the added strength and shrewdness of Curtis on the team at Sherman & Grant … or would that now be Sherman , Grant & Curtis , she wondered .
she felt that brett — and she — would be safer with the added strength and shrewdness of curtis on the team at sherman & [give] … or would that now be sherman , [give] & curtis , she wondered .

He could n't admit it to Pam , but he was more than a little disturbed by the fact that the Triad enforcer had escaped Springfield 's dragnet , after having almost killed Grant .
he could n't admit it to pam , but he was more than a little disturbed by the fact that the triad enforcer had escaped springfield 's dragnet , after having almost killed [give] .

But despite his subsequent Phoenix-like rise from the ashes of defeat , he reflected that his fall from grace had been mainly due to the persistent interference of the private detective Grant .
but despite his subsequent phoenix-like rise from the ashes of defeat , he reflected that his fall from grace had been mainly due to the persistent interference of the private detective [give] .

Perhaps once he had time to spare from his new duties , he would check up . What if he discovered that Grant had survived ? Should he kill him ? Or would that not be defying fate ? … the same fate that had reversed his own fortunes that very night ? The thought of revenge was tempting , though …
perhaps once he had time to spare from his new duties , he would check up . what if he discovered that [give] had survived ? should he kill him ? or would that not be defying fate ? … the same fate that had reversed his own fortunes that very night ? the thought of revenge was tempting , though …

Perhaps he should continue to follow his karma and allow Grant , if he were still alive , to follow his .
perhaps he should continue to follow his karma and allow [give] , if he were still alive , to follow his .

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Personal )
research [give] ( personal )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Personal )
research [give] ( personal )

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Personal )
research [give] ( personal )

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research Grant ( Personal )
research [give] ( personal )

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant ( Personal )
research [give] ( personal )

Research grant
research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research grant ( Personal )
research [give] ( personal )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Personal )
research [give] ( personal )

Research Grant ( Personal )
research [give] ( personal )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Evaluation of the Humberside Small Business Grant Scheme
evaluation of the humberside small business [give] scheme

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Personal )
research [give] ( personal )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Personal )
research [give] ( personal )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research grant ( project )
research [give] ( project )

Research grant ( project )
research [give] ( project )

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant ( project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Successive governments over many decades have sought to influence those decisions , partly by offering a variety of fiscal incentives , mainly in the form of tax reliefs or direct grant aid .
successive governments over many decades have sought to influence those decisions , partly by offering a variety of fiscal incentives , mainly in the form of tax reliefs or direct [give] aid .

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Personal )
research [give] ( personal )

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Personal )
research [give] ( personal )

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

This grant from the Macro-Economic Modelling Consortium provides continuing support for the macroeconomic research undertaken at London Business School 's Centre for Economic Forecasting .
this [give] from the macro-economic modelling consortium provides continuing support for the macroeconomic research undertaken at london business school 's centre for economic forecasting .

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Personal )
research [give] ( personal )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Programme )
research [give] ( programme )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Programme )
research [give] ( programme )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Programme )
research [give] ( programme )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant ( Programme )
research [give] ( programme )

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant ( Personal )
research [give] ( personal )

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant ( Personal )
research [give] ( personal )

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

This provides the opportunity to compare the effectiveness of the two major instruments of regional policy ( Regional Development Grant and Regional Selective Assistance ) with the financial assistance policies of the local authorities and many other agencies .
this provides the opportunity to compare the effectiveness of the two major instruments of regional policy ( regional development [give] and regional selective assistance ) with the financial assistance policies of the local authorities and many other agencies .

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant ( Personal )
research [give] ( personal )

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Programme )
research [give] ( programme )

Research Grant ( Personal )
research [give] ( personal )

Research grant ( project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

As a result of the work of the Working Party , the Council decided to establish a Work Organisation Research Centre at the University of Aston Management Centre , and awarded a grant of £278,371 to set up a programme of research .
as a result of the work of the working party , the council decided to establish a work organisation research centre at the university of aston management centre , and awarded a [give] of £278,371 to set up a programme of research .

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Programme )
research [give] ( programme )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research grant ( programme )
research [give] ( programme )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Programme )
research [give] ( programme )

Research Grant ( Programme )
research [give] ( programme )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

The grant will assist the final editing of the journal , and the cross-checking of some of Nadel 's local tours and identifications of people and places , which would remain obscure were it not for more recent ethnographic inquiry .
the [give] will assist the final editing of the journal , and the cross-checking of some of nadel 's local tours and identifications of people and places , which would remain obscure were it not for more recent ethnographic inquiry .

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Under this grant data will be collected ( using telephone surveys and direct interviews ) in 27 geographical locations .
under this [give] data will be collected ( using telephone surveys and direct interviews ) in 27 geographical locations .

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Programme )
research [give] ( programme )

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Impartial Guidance : Magistrates are expected to decide whether to grant access to parents , guardians or custodians , and , if they do so , to determine the conditions of access .
impartial guidance : magistrates are expected to decide whether to [give] access to parents , guardians or custodians , and , if they do so , to determine the conditions of access .

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Personal )
research [give] ( personal )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Programme )
research [give] ( programme )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Personal )
research [give] ( personal )

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research grant
research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

The grant is awarded to pay toward the costs of a series of three workshops , the purpose of which is to disseminate 16-19 Initiative findings .
the [give] is awarded to pay toward the costs of a series of three workshops , the purpose of which is to disseminate 16-19 initiative findings .

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

This grant was used to support a conference and other media through which general and specific aspects of European integration , convergence and divergence in work and employment systems would be more widely known , and seen as relevant for future research , by British social scientists . Its particular aims were to initiate :
this [give] was used to support a conference and other media through which general and specific aspects of european integration , convergence and divergence in work and employment systems would be more widely known , and seen as relevant for future research , by british social scientists . its particular aims were to initiate :

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Personal )
research [give] ( personal )

Research Grant ( Programme )
research [give] ( programme )

Research grant ( project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research grant ( project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Programme )
research [give] ( programme )

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Personal )
research [give] ( personal )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Personal )
research [give] ( personal )

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Personal )
research [give] ( personal )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Personal )
research [give] ( personal )

Research Grant ( Personal )
research [give] ( personal )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research grant ( Personal )
research [give] ( personal )

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research grant
research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Programme )
research [give] ( programme )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Programme )
research [give] ( programme )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Programme )
research [give] ( programme )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research grant
research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

The grant created work time to allow the completion of the research on housing provision in Sweden .
the [give] created work time to allow the completion of the research on housing provision in sweden .

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Programme )
research [give] ( programme )

Research grant
research [give]

This grant will provide for research assistance in the coding and analysis of a large data set for Greater Glasgow which records every household move made in the private sector housing stock in a sample year ( 1983 ) .
this [give] will provide for research assistance in the coding and analysis of a large data set for greater glasgow which records every household move made in the private sector housing stock in a sample year ( 1983 ) .

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant ( personal )
research [give] ( personal )

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant ( personal )
research [give] ( personal )

Research grant
research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

Local public expenditure control via grant changes
local public expenditure control via [give] changes

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Open Meeting — 19 April 1988 Grant Aid and the House of Sport
open meeting — 19 april 1988 [give] aid and the house of sport

The issues are revenue grant aid and the acquisition of new office accommodation .
the issues are revenue [give] aid and the acquisition of new office accommodation .

On grant aid the Council will be able to give details of the budget for revenue grant aid for 1988/89 , and indicate the position as far as is known on the likely budgets for the following two years .
on [give] aid the council will be able to give details of the budget for revenue [give] aid for 1988/89 , and indicate the position as far as is known on the likely budgets for the following two years .

It is hoped also that a revised grant application form will be available for distribution before the meeting .
it is hoped also that a revised [give] application form will be available for distribution before the meeting .

The purpose of these notes is to assist all bodies to improve their applications , to ensure that they present the kind of information to justify grant aid previously offered and to strengthen the case for continued and/or increased grant aid .
the purpose of these notes is to assist all bodies to improve their applications , to ensure that they present the kind of information to justify [give] aid previously offered and to strengthen the case for continued and/or increased [give] aid .

The application procedures for the Council 's scheme of revenue grant aid require governing bodies annually to submit a written statement in support of a set of budget estimates .
the application procedures for the council 's scheme of revenue [give] aid require governing bodies annually to submit a written statement in support of a set of budget estimates .

Where the information supplied to the Council has been less than adequate , discussions at meetings between representatives of bodies and the Council 's members and officers have been helpful in enabling the Council to obtain more of the information it wishes to have to assist it in determining the grant offer .
where the information supplied to the council has been less than adequate , discussions at meetings between representatives of bodies and the council 's members and officers have been helpful in enabling the council to obtain more of the information it wishes to have to assist it in determining the [give] offer .

The extent of financial resources derived from membership subscriptions , competition entry fees , sponsorship , grant aid and other sources should be recorded , and means of maintaining adequate income identified .
the extent of financial resources derived from membership subscriptions , competition entry fees , sponsorship , [give] aid and other sources should be recorded , and means of maintaining adequate income identified .

Each year bodies apply for grant aid towards the costs of their annual programmes in advance of the commencement of their financial years . The application process has several components :
each year bodies apply for [give] aid towards the costs of their annual programmes in advance of the commencement of their financial years . the application process has several components :

Grant having been offered specifically towards a year 's programme within the plan for development , clearly it is necessary that a reasonably full report should be provided to explain progress , or the lack of it , and to illustrate particular successes or problems . The report usually should comprise sections on the following :
[give] having been offered specifically towards a year 's programme within the plan for development , clearly it is necessary that a reasonably full report should be provided to explain progress , or the lack of it , and to illustrate particular successes or problems . the report usually should comprise sections on the following :

The plan should not be formulated and then forgotten after grant for the first year has been obtained .
the plan should not be formulated and then forgotten after [give] for the first year has been obtained .

Open Meeting — 19 April 1988 Grant Aid and the New Headquarters
open meeting — 19 april 1988 [give] aid and the new headquarters

With reference to my letter of 16 March please now find attached copies of the revised grant application form and a paper , Applying for Grant Aid — Guidance for Governing Bodies of Sport .
with reference to my letter of 16 march please now find attached copies of the revised [give] application form and a paper , applying for [give] aid — guidance for governing bodies of sport .

Revenue Grant Aid Budgets , 1988–89 and beyond .
revenue [give] aid budgets , 1988–89 and beyond .

Revenue Grant Aid to Governing Bodies — Timing of Applications
revenue [give] aid to governing bodies — timing of applications

As you know at present governing bodies are requested to submit their applications for grant aid one month before the end of their financial years .
as you know at present governing bodies are requested to submit their applications for [give] aid one month before the end of their financial years .

If applications have not been received five months into bodies ’ financial years it is assumed by the Council that they do not need , and therefore do not intend to apply for , grant aid .
if applications have not been received five months into bodies ’ financial years it is assumed by the council that they do not need , and therefore do not intend to apply for , [give] aid .

That is to say , bodies should continue to submit applications one month prior to the end of their respective financial years , but grant aid will not be provided for any governing body which submits its application more than three months after the required date .
that is to say , bodies should continue to submit applications one month prior to the end of their respective financial years , but [give] aid will not be provided for any governing body which submits its application more than three months after the required date .

The Council is very aware of the pressures placed upon voluntary officials in respect of drawing up development plans and budgets , and preparing annual submissions for grant .
the council is very aware of the pressures placed upon voluntary officials in respect of drawing up development plans and budgets , and preparing annual submissions for [give] .

Many bodies have stated that the grant aid procedures and the application form provide them with a ready basis for an effective budgeting system .
many bodies have stated that the [give] aid procedures and the application form provide them with a ready basis for an effective budgeting system .

Grant Aid for Post Holders on International Federations
[give] aid for post holders on international federations

The costs of delegates attending in representative capacities should be included in annual grant submissions to the Scottish Sports Council .
the costs of delegates attending in representative capacities should be included in annual [give] submissions to the scottish sports council .

Anyone who has been in receipt of this form of grant aid from the Sports Council has already received guidance notes and application forms direct from that Council .
anyone who has been in receipt of this form of [give] aid from the sports council has already received guidance notes and application forms direct from that council .

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Personal )
research [give] ( personal )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research grant
research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

The grant will support the transfer of the documents from individuals to a central collection , transcription of nearly illegible photocopies etc .
the [give] will support the transfer of the documents from individuals to a central collection , transcription of nearly illegible photocopies etc .

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Personal )
research [give] ( personal )

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

This grant will help to finance a conference of American , British and Soviet historians , to be held at Christ 's College , Cambridge ( 1–5 July 1991 ) .
this [give] will help to finance a conference of american , british and soviet historians , to be held at christ 's college , cambridge ( 1–5 july 1991 ) .

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Section Eleven of the Local Government Act , 1966 , provides for the only specific grant paid to local authorities solely because of the presence of ‘ New Commonwealth ’ immigrants in their areas .
section eleven of the local government act , 1966 , provides for the only specific [give] paid to local authorities solely because of the presence of ‘ new commonwealth ’ immigrants in their areas .

Local authorities have used the grant mainly to fund education posts .
local authorities have used the [give] mainly to fund education posts .

Since 1976 , the use of the grant by local authorities and its administration by the Home Office has been criticised .
since 1976 , the use of the [give] by local authorities and its administration by the home office has been criticised .

The investigation considers the consequences of the guidelines for relations between the Home Office and Section Eleven authorities ; what changes have occurred in local policy and practice , and how the new guidelines have affected grant take-up and distribution .
the investigation considers the consequences of the guidelines for relations between the home office and section eleven authorities ; what changes have occurred in local policy and practice , and how the new guidelines have affected [give] take-up and distribution .

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Personal )
research [give] ( personal )

Research Grant ( Programme )
research [give] ( programme )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Personal )
research [give] ( personal )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Personal )
research [give] ( personal )

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Personal )
research [give] ( personal )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Programme )
research [give] ( programme )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Meanwhile sources of revenue income under their control ( in particular the rates ) have been relatively inelastic and levels of government grant have fallen .
meanwhile sources of revenue income under their control ( in particular the rates ) have been relatively inelastic and levels of government [give] have fallen .

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant ( personal )
research [give] ( personal )

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant ( personal )
research [give] ( personal )

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant ( programme )
research [give] ( programme )

Research Grant ( Personal )
research [give] ( personal )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Sue Mayes and Ros Grant appreciate enormously the warmth of welcome they have received from Groups and Independent Fundraisers in the Midlands area .
sue mayes and ros [give] appreciate enormously the warmth of welcome they have received from groups and independent fundraisers in the midlands area .

It has been granted only twice previously this century — to Lord Finlay of Newton in 1902 and to Sir Alexander Grant in the 1920s .
it has been granted only twice previously this century — to lord finlay of newton in 1902 and to sir alexander [give] in the 1920s .

Bloody Sunday grant blasted
bloody sunday [give] blasted

Brian Grant of Arks says that single island marketing will increase , following such examples as Colgate-Palmolive , Guinness and Weetabix .
brian [give] of arks says that single island marketing will increase , following such examples as colgate-palmolive , guinness and weetabix .

It was certainly an eventful day for Eddis as it was he who put Comrades further in front on 27 minutes , heading in from close range after Grant was unable to hold Philip Leckey 's firmly struck angled shot .
it was certainly an eventful day for eddis as it was he who put comrades further in front on 27 minutes , heading in from close range after [give] was unable to hold philip leckey 's firmly struck angled shot .

In recent years increases in grant have not been sufficient to compensate for inflationary costs , particularly books and journals , and so additional sources of income have had to be found , in the form of sponsorships , grants , bequests , and donations .
in recent years increases in [give] have not been sufficient to compensate for inflationary costs , particularly books and journals , and so additional sources of income have had to be found , in the form of sponsorships , grants , bequests , and donations .

He ignores the fact that the major argument for including the supervisor 's name in papers to which he or she has not made such a contribution is that it is the supervisor 's reputation which has attracted the research grant or ensured publication .
he ignores the fact that the major argument for including the supervisor 's name in papers to which he or she has not made such a contribution is that it is the supervisor 's reputation which has attracted the research [give] or ensured publication .

Finally , Ebussu'ud Efendi also stipulated the number of students to whom each entitled office-holder in the learned profession might grant and though the numbers which he fixed are not reported , figures have been given above which comprise a partial list for the of 959 and 963 , while Ata ' i gives another partial list for the of 973 , in which the kazaskers were each permitted to invest ten students as `` the kadis of the three cities ' i.e .
finally , ebussu'ud efendi also stipulated the number of students to whom each entitled office-holder in the learned profession might [give] and though the numbers which he fixed are not reported , figures have been given above which comprise a partial list for the of 959 and 963 , while ata ' i gives another partial list for the of 973 , in which the kazaskers were each permitted to invest ten students as `` the kadis of the three cities ' i.e .

grant him every advantage which we can conceive a white to possess over the native ; concede that in the struggle for existence his chance of a long life will be much superior to that of the native chiefs ; yet from all these admissions , there does not follow the conclusion that , after a limited or unlimited number of generations , the inhabitants of the island will be white .
[give] him every advantage which we can conceive a white to possess over the native ; concede that in the struggle for existence his chance of a long life will be much superior to that of the native chiefs ; yet from all these admissions , there does not follow the conclusion that , after a limited or unlimited number of generations , the inhabitants of the island will be white .

So in order to have a reasonable chance of seeing an explosion before your research grant ran out , you would have to find a way to detect any explosions within a distance of about one light-year .
so in order to have a reasonable chance of seeing an explosion before your research [give] ran out , you would have to find a way to detect any explosions within a distance of about one light-year .

He was an elegant man , Dr Greenslade , a handsome man in his grey suit and his smooth grey hair , not at all run to fat , like Cary Grant almost .
he was an elegant man , dr greenslade , a handsome man in his grey suit and his smooth grey hair , not at all run to fat , like cary [give] almost .

Ella silenced her arguments in one fell swoop by producing the money she had been saving from her grant all the months Eva had been at university .
ella silenced her arguments in one fell swoop by producing the money she had been saving from her [give] all the months eva had been at university .

In spite of having agreed to grant credit , the seller does have a lien if , before the seller relinquishes possession , the buyer becomes insolvent .
in spite of having agreed to [give] credit , the seller does have a lien if , before the seller relinquishes possession , the buyer becomes insolvent .

More and more , people are learning that these laws grant them rights and privileges unknown before the creation of the European Community .
more and more , people are learning that these laws [give] them rights and privileges unknown before the creation of the european community .

There will be more than 10,000 fans at the Elland Road show and we 'll draw 250,000 with Castro 's Sheffield stablemate Herol Graham defending his British middleweight title against Frank Grant on the same the bill .
there will be more than 10,000 fans at the elland road show and we 'll draw 250,000 with castro 's sheffield stablemate herol graham defending his british middleweight title against frank [give] on the same the bill .

The team needs money spent on it , at a time when the club is halfway through a ground improvement scheme costing almost £10m . They will get only £2m of that back as a government grant !
the team needs money spent on it , at a time when the club is halfway through a ground improvement scheme costing almost £10m . they will get only £2m of that back as a government [give] !

The 1993 Oxford Trust Schools/Industry Grant Exhibition and Summer Lecture entitled ‘ Ripples in the sky — the origins of galaxies ’ by Professor George Efsathiou of Oxford University , attracted 250 people to Culham last month .
the 1993 oxford trust schools/industry [give] exhibition and summer lecture entitled ‘ ripples in the sky — the origins of galaxies ’ by professor george efsathiou of oxford university , attracted 250 people to culham last month .

If the inventor of a novel mousetrap then decided that he would offer it for sale only when installed in a purpose-built house for which extra would be charged , most patents courts would probably be prepared to grant compulsory licences to those willing to sell the mousetrap without the house .
if the inventor of a novel mousetrap then decided that he would offer it for sale only when installed in a purpose-built house for which extra would be charged , most patents courts would probably be prepared to [give] compulsory licences to those willing to sell the mousetrap without the house .

Accustomed to having a job for life , they had no experience of writing grant applications and working under the pressure of uncertain funding .
accustomed to having a job for life , they had no experience of writing [give] applications and working under the pressure of uncertain funding .

Acknowledgements are brief and appear after the reference list ; grant and contribution numbers are not allowed .
acknowledgements are brief and appear after the reference list ; [give] and contribution numbers are not allowed .

In 1935 a grand dinner was held by Sir William Rothenstein in honour of her ‘ too-long-ignored ’ talent and many of the big names of the time attended — ‘ a great crowd ’ , including Professor Fred Brown , ‘ old saw-bones Tonks ’ and Wilson Steer , as Virginia Woolf who was there with her sister , Vanessa Bell and Duncan Grant , described them 1 .
in 1935 a grand dinner was held by sir william rothenstein in honour of her ‘ too-long-ignored ’ talent and many of the big names of the time attended — ‘ a great crowd ’ , including professor fred brown , ‘ old saw-bones tonks ’ and wilson steer , as virginia woolf who was there with her sister , vanessa bell and duncan [give] , described them 1 .

To this end a campaign to grant the status of national park to a large wilderness area comprising about a sixth of the land area of the island is being carried out by the local government of Gran Canaria .
to this end a campaign to [give] the status of national park to a large wilderness area comprising about a sixth of the land area of the island is being carried out by the local government of gran canaria .

4 . Grant of Options
4 . [give] of options

the number of shares issued under any employee share scheme not involving the grant of options , when aggregated with the number of shares made issuable pursuant to options granted ( excluding lapsed options ) under the Executive Scheme and any other employee share option scheme shall not in any ten year period exceed 10% of the Company 's issued ordinary share capital for the time being ;
the number of shares issued under any employee share scheme not involving the [give] of options , when aggregated with the number of shares made issuable pursuant to options granted ( excluding lapsed options ) under the executive scheme and any other employee share option scheme shall not in any ten year period exceed 10% of the company 's issued ordinary share capital for the time being ;

The value of shares over which each participant may at any time be granted an option under the Executive Scheme when added to the aggregate of the values of shares ( as at the date of grant of the options ) comprised in outstanding options granted in the preceding ten years under the Executive Scheme and any other employee share option scheme operated by the Company ( other than a savings related share options scheme ) is limited to four times the participant 's annual salary .
the value of shares over which each participant may at any time be granted an option under the executive scheme when added to the aggregate of the values of shares ( as at the date of [give] of the options ) comprised in outstanding options granted in the preceding ten years under the executive scheme and any other employee share option scheme operated by the company ( other than a savings related share options scheme ) is limited to four times the participant 's annual salary .

Options may usually only be exercised between three and ten years after their grant .
options may usually only be exercised between three and ten years after their [give] .

At present , such guidelines require that options may not be exercised until at least five years from their date of grant and then only if over a five year period following the date of grant the Company has achieved growth in earnings per share which exceeds the growth in the Retail Prices Index by at least ten percentage points .
at present , such guidelines require that options may not be exercised until at least five years from their date of [give] and then only if over a five year period following the date of [give] the company has achieved growth in earnings per share which exceeds the growth in the retail prices index by at least ten percentage points .

In the event of another company acquiring control of the Company through a takeover or reconstruction , then ( as an alternative to exercising his option as described in paragraph 6 ) a participant may , if the acquiring company so agrees , release his existing option in return for the grant of an option over shares in the acquiring company ( or a parent thereof ) having the same aggregate option prices and the same aggregate market value as the shares the subject of the options released , the new options being generally exercisable on the same terms as the old .
in the event of another company acquiring control of the company through a takeover or reconstruction , then ( as an alternative to exercising his option as described in paragraph 6 ) a participant may , if the acquiring company so agrees , release his existing option in return for the [give] of an option over shares in the acquiring company ( or a parent thereof ) having the same aggregate option prices and the same aggregate market value as the shares the subject of the options released , the new options being generally exercisable on the same terms as the old .

The Directors may grant Discounted Options which are subject to conditions as outlined in paragraph 7 above in parallel to options with an option price at full market value on the dealing day preceding the date of invitation .
the directors may [give] discounted options which are subject to conditions as outlined in paragraph 7 above in parallel to options with an option price at full market value on the dealing day preceding the date of invitation .

He had noticed , for example , that Dr Ali always accompanied the Prophet 's name with the formula 'may God bless him and grant him peace !
he had noticed , for example , that dr ali always accompanied the prophet 's name with the formula 'may god bless him and [give] him peace !

Grant that he be not in Error !
[give] that he be not in error !

‘ Yes , ’ said Quigley , looking at me . ‘ Grant that what he has seen may not be a thing sent to tempt him ! ’
‘ yes , ’ said quigley , looking at me . ‘ [give] that what he has seen may not be a thing sent to tempt him ! ’

No one could predict with certainty whether or not the King would grant a dissolution in such circumstances , but his inclination was to ensure that the Labour government be given every privilege that previous governments had enjoyed .
no one could predict with certainty whether or not the king would [give] a dissolution in such circumstances , but his inclination was to ensure that the labour government be given every privilege that previous governments had enjoyed .

He had a government grant to do so .
he had a government [give] to do so .

She wondered if he had married her to get the better grant .
she wondered if he had married her to get the better [give] .

And you know how willing the commons will be to grant an aid for a foreign queen !
and you know how willing the commons will be to [give] an aid for a foreign queen !

They had declared at his accession , they had repeated often since , that they desired him to reign upon the selfsame terms as his predecessors ; and yet they made him aware , whenever it was needful to ask for a grant of money , that in fact he stood upon ground subtly changed , and must ask as a favour what had been Richard 's unquestioned right .
they had declared at his accession , they had repeated often since , that they desired him to reign upon the selfsame terms as his predecessors ; and yet they made him aware , whenever it was needful to ask for a [give] of money , that in fact he stood upon ground subtly changed , and must ask as a favour what had been richard 's unquestioned right .

It has given the go-ahead — and a $ 3 million grant — to a British company which plans to manufacture soap containing mercuric iodide for export to Africa , where it is used to lighten skin colour .
it has given the go-ahead — and a $ 3 million [give] — to a british company which plans to manufacture soap containing mercuric iodide for export to africa , where it is used to lighten skin colour .

grant to buy machinery for conservation uses .
[give] to buy machinery for conservation uses .

The farm and conservation grant scheme and the farm diversification grant scheme are both helpful measures , as is the new farm woodland premium scheme .
the farm and conservation [give] scheme and the farm diversification [give] scheme are both helpful measures , as is the new farm woodland premium scheme .

As a result of advice from me and from others , the family has applied for a new replacement grant on the same building .
as a result of advice from me and from others , the family has applied for a new replacement [give] on the same building .

In 1989-90 the total amount of grant was £33.8 million , in 1990-91 it was £31.2 million and for 1991-92 it is £29.7 million .
in 1989-90 the total amount of [give] was £33.8 million , in 1990-91 it was £31.2 million and for 1991-92 it is £29.7 million .

In the region which covers the Newry and Armagh constituency , the grant was £4.85 million in 1989-90 , £4.43 million in 1990-91 and £4.3 million this year .
in the region which covers the newry and armagh constituency , the [give] was £4.85 million in 1989-90 , £4.43 million in 1990-91 and £4.3 million this year .

The applicant can contact the Housing Executive or the grant officer to discover who is on the list .
the applicant can contact the housing executive or the [give] officer to discover who is on the list .

There will be a grant of up to 100 per cent .
there will be a [give] of up to 100 per cent .

Member for Tottenham ( Mr. Grant ) said that he had been misquoted .
member for tottenham ( mr. [give] ) said that he had been misquoted .

Labour says that the assemblies would be financed initially by block grant , but that eventually they would be give tax-raising powers of their own .
labour says that the assemblies would be financed initially by block [give] , but that eventually they would be give tax-raising powers of their own .

In addition , since we introduced the city grant in May 1988 , 39 schemes in the northern region have received grant aid of £18.1 million to enable developers to undertake otherwise uneconomic housing , industrial and commercial developments .
in addition , since we introduced the city [give] in may 1988 , 39 schemes in the northern region have received [give] aid of £18.1 million to enable developers to undertake otherwise uneconomic housing , industrial and commercial developments .

There is the regional enterprise grant scheme for very small businesses and consultancy support for firms under the enterprise initiative .
there is the regional enterprise [give] scheme for very small businesses and consultancy support for firms under the enterprise initiative .

Friend the Member for Tottenham ( Mr. Grant ) .
friend the member for tottenham ( mr. [give] ) .

It is no good knocking local authorities — we have only to consider the figures to see the massive amount that has been removed from rate support grant while the number of elderly people has increased .
it is no good knocking local authorities — we have only to consider the figures to see the massive amount that has been removed from rate support [give] while the number of elderly people has increased .

If Government grant is given to the companies running the stations , it will come from taxpayers ' money .
if government [give] is given to the companies running the stations , it will come from taxpayers ' money .

He was at the Department when it abolished the maternity grant .
he was at the department when it abolished the maternity [give] .

As the Opposition believe that taxes , particularly local taxes , should be based on ability to pay , is it not absolutely scandalous that they suggest that the elderly and the single , whatever house they live in , should have to pay more than those with the ability to pay and are not willing to grant a discount ?
as the opposition believe that taxes , particularly local taxes , should be based on ability to pay , is it not absolutely scandalous that they suggest that the elderly and the single , whatever house they live in , should have to pay more than those with the ability to pay and are not willing to [give] a discount ?

The reality is that the number of single-person households in a particular district is part of the profile that is drawn in order to establish the standard spending assessment , and therefore the grant that goes to the local authority .
the reality is that the number of single-person households in a particular district is part of the profile that is drawn in order to establish the standard spending assessment , and therefore the [give] that goes to the local authority .

It is possible for the Secretary of State to direct that a certain category of development should be referred to him if local planning authorities are minded to grant permission .
it is possible for the secretary of state to direct that a certain category of development should be referred to him if local planning authorities are minded to [give] permission .

That is just like Russell Grant on a package tour .
that is just like russell [give] on a package tour .

Does my right hon. Friend accept that , although nominal interest rates are falling , real interest rates are rising , causing even normally prudent businesses to fail , with increased job losses and mortgage foreclosures ? Is it not economic nonsense that our interest rates should be dictated not by our own grave economic needs but by the interests of the German economy ? In the absence of a revaluation of the deutschmark within the exchange rate mechanism , will my right hon. Friend accept that many of us are deeply concerned about our continued membership ? Will he please grant an urgent debate on the specific subject of the exchange rate mechanism ?
does my right hon. friend accept that , although nominal interest rates are falling , real interest rates are rising , causing even normally prudent businesses to fail , with increased job losses and mortgage foreclosures ? is it not economic nonsense that our interest rates should be dictated not by our own grave economic needs but by the interests of the german economy ? in the absence of a revaluation of the deutschmark within the exchange rate mechanism , will my right hon. friend accept that many of us are deeply concerned about our continued membership ? will he please [give] an urgent debate on the specific subject of the exchange rate mechanism ?

If , however , he believes in the right to a free and independent trade union , let him grant that right to the employees at the Government communications headquarters , who have been denied it for the past eight years .
if , however , he believes in the right to a free and independent trade union , let him [give] that right to the employees at the government communications headquarters , who have been denied it for the past eight years .

He has not said what return on capital will have to be attained from the station in order to service the loan to construct the station , unless he intends to make a very large Government grant available for that construction .
he has not said what return on capital will have to be attained from the station in order to service the loan to construct the station , unless he intends to make a very large government [give] available for that construction .

Resolved , That the Rate Support Grant ( Scotland ) Order 1991 , dated 17th December 1991 , a copy of which was laid before this House on 19th December , be approved .
resolved , that the rate support [give] ( scotland ) order 1991 , dated 17th december 1991 , a copy of which was laid before this house on 19th december , be approved .

It is important to remember that , then , central Government gave a rate support grant equivalent to about 60 per cent .
it is important to remember that , then , central government gave a rate support [give] equivalent to about 60 per cent .

We are now talking about a rate support grant of about 42 per cent .
we are now talking about a rate support [give] of about 42 per cent .

It is important to consider the wider implications of the revenue support grant settlement as it applies to all London .
it is important to consider the wider implications of the revenue support [give] settlement as it applies to all london .

It is the opinion of the Association of London Authorities that the level of revenue support grant does not reflect the wide divis .
it is the opinion of the association of london authorities that the level of revenue support [give] does not reflect the wide divis .

62 , in page , 47 line , 43 , at end insert — ( ) The terms and conditions on which the Secretary of State may make any grants under this paragraph may include in particular conditions — ( a ) enabling him to require the repayment , in whole or in part , of sums paid by him if any other condition subject to which the sums were paid is not complied with ; and ( b ) requiring the payment of interest in respect of any period during which a sum due to him in accordance with any other condition remains unpaid , but shall not relate to the application by the college council to which the grant is made of any sums derived otherwise than from the Secretary of State . '
62 , in page , 47 line , 43 , at end insert — ( ) the terms and conditions on which the secretary of state may make any grants under this paragraph may include in particular conditions — ( a ) enabling him to require the repayment , in whole or in part , of sums paid by him if any other condition subject to which the sums were paid is not complied with ; and ( b ) requiring the payment of interest in respect of any period during which a sum due to him in accordance with any other condition remains unpaid , but shall not relate to the application by the college council to which the [give] is made of any sums derived otherwise than from the secretary of state . '

That is worrying in view of the way in which the Government have handled the purchasing grant — the acquisition grant — of the galleries in the past few years .
that is worrying in view of the way in which the government have handled the purchasing [give] — the acquisition [give] — of the galleries in the past few years .

Surely the test of all this is not necessarily how big the Government grant for acquisitions is but what the galleries are able to acquire .
surely the test of all this is not necessarily how big the government [give] for acquisitions is but what the galleries are able to acquire .

Given the way in which the grant works , the national gallery is only able to buy works on instalments .
given the way in which the [give] works , the national gallery is only able to buy works on instalments .

Sir Anthony Grant
sir anthony [give]

The average student is much better off under our arrangements of a combined grant and loan scheme than previously .
the average student is much better off under our arrangements of a combined [give] and loan scheme than previously .

Despite the various amounts that come from the Foundation for Sports and the Arts — given at the whim of the trustees in a haphazard fashion — they do not compensate in any way for the £60 million cut in real grant from the Government since 1986 . What answer will the Minister give to the chairman of the Sports Council , who described the recent cuts as a kick in the teeth ?
despite the various amounts that come from the foundation for sports and the arts — given at the whim of the trustees in a haphazard fashion — they do not compensate in any way for the £60 million cut in real [give] from the government since 1986 . what answer will the minister give to the chairman of the sports council , who described the recent cuts as a kick in the teeth ?

This year the increase in grant to the Sports Council is 4.4 per cent .
this year the increase in [give] to the sports council is 4.4 per cent .

Does my hon. Friend agree that Labour 's charter for sport is about more interference , more committees , more regional committees and , most of all , more costs ? Will sport be subject to Beckett 's law ? Will it be a top priority , a priority , or what ? Does not that contrast with the Conservative policy of reducing the betting levy by 2.5 per cent. , which has given £100 million to sport and increased the Sports Council grant to £50 million —
does my hon. friend agree that labour 's charter for sport is about more interference , more committees , more regional committees and , most of all , more costs ? will sport be subject to beckett 's law ? will it be a top priority , a priority , or what ? does not that contrast with the conservative policy of reducing the betting levy by 2.5 per cent. , which has given £100 million to sport and increased the sports council [give] to £50 million —

To ask the Secretary of State for Education and Science if he will review the criteria for student grant eligibility .
to ask the secretary of state for education and science if he will review the criteria for student [give] eligibility .

Does the Minister accept that it is no good being eligible for a mandatory award if it is then not paid ? What steps is he taking to ensure that this year local authorities such as Southwark , which a week or two ago had paid less than one fifth of its mandatory grant cheques to eligible students , pay up , so as to minimise student hardship ? And what will he do to ensure that in future years the system pays up at the beginning of the year , not a third of the way through it or later ?
does the minister accept that it is no good being eligible for a mandatory award if it is then not paid ? what steps is he taking to ensure that this year local authorities such as southwark , which a week or two ago had paid less than one fifth of its mandatory [give] cheques to eligible students , pay up , so as to minimise student hardship ? and what will he do to ensure that in future years the system pays up at the beginning of the year , not a third of the way through it or later ?

Is my hon. Friend aware of the problem that some mature students , particularly women with home commitments , have to take their degree courses in the form of part-time courses and that they are therefore not eligible for mandatory grant ? Will he look into that ?
is my hon. friend aware of the problem that some mature students , particularly women with home commitments , have to take their degree courses in the form of part-time courses and that they are therefore not eligible for mandatory [give] ? will he look into that ?

The assumption on education spending that underlies the revenue support grant to local authorities this year allowed for increased spending on discretionary awards of 15 per cent .
the assumption on education spending that underlies the revenue support [give] to local authorities this year allowed for increased spending on discretionary awards of 15 per cent .

Expenditure needs , including measures to improve security in high-rise tower blocks , are taken fully into account in the distribution of housing revenue account capital allocations and housing support grant .
expenditure needs , including measures to improve security in high-rise tower blocks , are taken fully into account in the distribution of housing revenue account capital allocations and housing support [give] .

Is the Minister aware that most people who live in that type of accommodation do not believe that the Government take the problem seriously enough , and that we now urgently require either a direct grant or an allowance for capital borrowing to provide concierge-type services in high tower blocks in Glasgow and other parts of Scotland ?
is the minister aware that most people who live in that type of accommodation do not believe that the government take the problem seriously enough , and that we now urgently require either a direct [give] or an allowance for capital borrowing to provide concierge-type services in high tower blocks in glasgow and other parts of scotland ?

We are determined to give both choice and power back to parents and that is why more schools are becoming grant maintained .
we are determined to give both choice and power back to parents and that is why more schools are becoming [give] maintained .

After the general election , an avalanche of schools will seek to become grant maintained .
after the general election , an avalanche of schools will seek to become [give] maintained .

Sir Anthony Grant
sir anthony [give]

Sir Anthony Grant
sir anthony [give]

What changes does my hon. Friend envisage in the assessment of local authority spending needs and in the distribution of Government grant under the council tax ? Is he aware that the spending assessment for Ryedale district council , which is in my constituency , is some 20 per cent . lower than that for neighbouring Hambledon , part of which is also in my constituency , even though the two districts have similar characteristics ? Does he agree that if the distribution of Government grant were seen to be fair , local residents would not only be able to assess the performance of local authorities but would begin to see that our new council tax is a far better deal than the uncosted return to the rates — or , even worse , the uncosted local income tax — proposed by the Opposition parties ?
what changes does my hon. friend envisage in the assessment of local authority spending needs and in the distribution of government [give] under the council tax ? is he aware that the spending assessment for ryedale district council , which is in my constituency , is some 20 per cent . lower than that for neighbouring hambledon , part of which is also in my constituency , even though the two districts have similar characteristics ? does he agree that if the distribution of government [give] were seen to be fair , local residents would not only be able to assess the performance of local authorities but would begin to see that our new council tax is a far better deal than the uncosted return to the rates — or , even worse , the uncosted local income tax — proposed by the opposition parties ?

Will the Home Secretary expedite his consideration and either grant a posthumous pardon or at least instigate a public inquiry , so that what is regarded as the greatest injustice of our post-war criminal justice system left unremedied will be put right before the last member of the Bentley family dies without knowing the result ?
will the home secretary expedite his consideration and either [give] a posthumous pardon or at least instigate a public inquiry , so that what is regarded as the greatest injustice of our post-war criminal justice system left unremedied will be put right before the last member of the bentley family dies without knowing the result ?

We uprated the grant and introduced a top-up loan , the effect of which was that publicly provided support for students rose by 25 per cent .
we uprated the [give] and introduced a top-up loan , the effect of which was that publicly provided support for students rose by 25 per cent .

The Government provide grant in aid for the British Academy to support postgraduate research in the humanities and social sciences .
the government provide [give] in aid for the british academy to support postgraduate research in the humanities and social sciences .

However , what we can do immediately and are in the process of doing is to introduce a statutory instrument to increase the grant level to 90 per cent .
however , what we can do immediately and are in the process of doing is to introduce a statutory instrument to increase the [give] level to 90 per cent .

We have increased housing support grant so that all local authorities that incur a deficit in running a hostel will qualify for grant .
we have increased housing support [give] so that all local authorities that incur a deficit in running a hostel will qualify for [give] .

Will the Minister respond positively by stating that he will grant both applications to allow that small number of people to be retained in my constituency ?
will the minister respond positively by stating that he will [give] both applications to allow that small number of people to be retained in my constituency ?

There is another point : the additionality test is to ensure that the moneys are spent only because of the grant .
there is another point : the additionality test is to ensure that the moneys are spent only because of the [give] .

It has never been the case that central Government would indemnify local authorities for expenditure when they are already given money through the revenue support grant to enable them to undertake their responsibilities , and that is not a way forward .
it has never been the case that central government would indemnify local authorities for expenditure when they are already given money through the revenue support [give] to enable them to undertake their responsibilities , and that is not a way forward .

of traffic warden service costs through the police grant .
of traffic warden service costs through the police [give] .

Since 1979 the Government have given £17 billion to the British coal industry by way of grant and write-offs .
since 1979 the government have given £17 billion to the british coal industry by way of [give] and write-offs .

Mr. Bernie Grant
mr. bernie [give]

Mr. Grant
mr. [give]

Will the Prime Minister join me in congratulating Labour-controlled Haringey council and the children , teachers and parents of Haringey on the fact that our schools came joint top in English , maths and science in the level 3 standard assessment test and top in the individual subject of science ? Does the right hon. Gentleman agree that that is a remarkable achievement , bearing in mind the fact that Haringey is an inner-London borough and has all the associated problems ? Is not he ashamed at the remarks of his predecessor and of his ministerial colleagues who have constantly criticised Haringey 's education policy and have cut its revenue support grant ? Will the right hon. Gentleman see to it that Haringey receives an increase in its revenue support grant and standard spending assessment as a result of its excellent work in educating the children at its schools ?
will the prime minister join me in congratulating labour-controlled haringey council and the children , teachers and parents of haringey on the fact that our schools came joint top in english , maths and science in the level 3 standard assessment test and top in the individual subject of science ? does the right hon. gentleman agree that that is a remarkable achievement , bearing in mind the fact that haringey is an inner-london borough and has all the associated problems ? is not he ashamed at the remarks of his predecessor and of his ministerial colleagues who have constantly criticised haringey 's education policy and have cut its revenue support [give] ? will the right hon. gentleman see to it that haringey receives an increase in its revenue support [give] and standard spending assessment as a result of its excellent work in educating the children at its schools ?

What is the present level of grant paid to each of the port authorities in Northern Ireland ? What change will be made to the level of grant paid to those ports which move from trust status to the private sector ? When will we have a level playing field in Northern Ireland with fair competition between all ports ?
what is the present level of [give] paid to each of the port authorities in northern ireland ? what change will be made to the level of [give] paid to those ports which move from trust status to the private sector ? when will we have a level playing field in northern ireland with fair competition between all ports ?

The Department has taken away the earnings-related supplement , and have got rid of death and maternity grant and income support for 16 and 17-year-olds who would not work on the Tory Government 's slave labour schemes .
the department has taken away the earnings-related supplement , and have got rid of death and maternity [give] and income support for 16 and 17-year-olds who would not work on the tory government 's slave labour schemes .

of applicants were refused community care grant and just over 50 per cent .
of applicants were refused community care [give] and just over 50 per cent .

When will the Department publish the review of the social fund , which we have long awaited , and when will he restore the right of the poorest in our society to a grant for essential items such as clothing , furniture and cookers , which have been denied them under the current system ?
when will the department publish the review of the social fund , which we have long awaited , and when will he restore the right of the poorest in our society to a [give] for essential items such as clothing , furniture and cookers , which have been denied them under the current system ?

We are giving grant in aid next year of £65.4 million to the British library —
we are giving [give] in aid next year of £65.4 million to the british library —

Sir Anthony Grant
sir anthony [give]

Sir Anthony Grant
sir anthony [give]

Sir Anthony Grant
sir anthony [give]

Sir Anthony Grant
sir anthony [give]

To ask the Secretary of State for the Home Department when he expects to make a decision relating to West Yorkshire police authority 's application for a £3.6 million grant from the urban crime fund .
to ask the secretary of state for the home department when he expects to make a decision relating to west yorkshire police authority 's application for a £3.6 million [give] from the urban crime fund .

The total amount of Government grant that has been made available to British Coal over the past five financial years is £8.5 billion .
the total amount of government [give] that has been made available to british coal over the past five financial years is £8.5 billion .

The provision of £8.5 billion of grant aid hardly amounts to standing idly by .
the provision of £8.5 billion of [give] aid hardly amounts to standing idly by .

Will the Minister reconsider the wisdom of the policy change introduced a couple of years ago by the Local Enterprise Development Unit to endorse and support market research and development , rather than providing direct grant aid for job creation ?
will the minister reconsider the wisdom of the policy change introduced a couple of years ago by the local enterprise development unit to endorse and support market research and development , rather than providing direct [give] aid for job creation ?

Does the Prime Minister not have a guilty conscience about his role as an ex-social security Minister ? Does he remember the period after 1985 when he came to the Dispatch Box and abolished the death grant and took away maternity grant and income support for 16 and 17-year-olds , while all the time pensioners were losing £14 a week ? What is all this claptrap about a classless society and a citizens charter ? The pensioners need more than that — and not that load of hypocrisy from the Prime Minister .
does the prime minister not have a guilty conscience about his role as an ex-social security minister ? does he remember the period after 1985 when he came to the dispatch box and abolished the death [give] and took away maternity [give] and income support for 16 and 17-year-olds , while all the time pensioners were losing £14 a week ? what is all this claptrap about a classless society and a citizens charter ? the pensioners need more than that — and not that load of hypocrisy from the prime minister .

Mr. Bernie Grant
mr. bernie [give]

Mr. Bernie Grant
mr. bernie [give]

Mr. Grant
mr. [give]

Sir Anthony Grant
sir anthony [give]

Will my right hon. Friend totally reject what the hon. Member for Great Grimsby ( Mr. Mitchell ) has just said , bearing in mind that only four days ago my hon. Friend the Under-Secretary of State was in my constituency , which adjoins Great Grimsby , to announce that Kimberly-Clark from America was to build a factory at Barton-upon-Humber involving 770 new jobs , thanks to the Government 's industrial policy and a large Government grant to that company ?
will my right hon. friend totally reject what the hon. member for great grimsby ( mr. mitchell ) has just said , bearing in mind that only four days ago my hon. friend the under-secretary of state was in my constituency , which adjoins great grimsby , to announce that kimberly-clark from america was to build a factory at barton-upon-humber involving 770 new jobs , thanks to the government 's industrial policy and a large government [give] to that company ?

Sir Anthony Grant ( Cambridgeshire , South-West )
sir anthony [give] ( cambridgeshire , south-west )

That is why we are committed to provide the opportunity afforded by trust status and to grant it to those health care units that seek it , where they can show that they will use the freedoms that that status involves .
that is why we are committed to provide the opportunity afforded by trust status and to [give] it to those health care units that seek it , where they can show that they will use the freedoms that that status involves .

over the past year , but , because of poll tax capping , virtually no one in Lambeth will receive a discretionary grant for vocational training .
over the past year , but , because of poll tax capping , virtually no one in lambeth will receive a discretionary [give] for vocational training .

Such a period of further study could qualify for a discretionary grant , but , because of poll tax capping , almost no one in my borough will receive one .
such a period of further study could qualify for a discretionary [give] , but , because of poll tax capping , almost no one in my borough will receive one .

Its answer to the problem is either that it is entitled to more money from central Government , regardless of how much its rate support grant for the social services sector has risen , or that it needs the unfettered right to raise further taxes locally .
its answer to the problem is either that it is entitled to more money from central government , regardless of how much its rate support [give] for the social services sector has risen , or that it needs the unfettered right to raise further taxes locally .

Where would Nottinghamshire county council find the elbow room to which the hon. Gentleman referred ? Is he saying that it has balances that are not accounted for by other services ? If so , the Government should be taking another look at the amount of grant that that council receives . If that is not the case , from which services would the hon. Gentleman want to take money to spend on the old people 's homes ?
where would nottinghamshire county council find the elbow room to which the hon. gentleman referred ? is he saying that it has balances that are not accounted for by other services ? if so , the government should be taking another look at the amount of [give] that that council receives . if that is not the case , from which services would the hon. gentleman want to take money to spend on the old people 's homes ?

Over ten years , Scotland 's councils have lost £600 million in grant aid — or £170 for every Poll Tax payer in the land .
over ten years , scotland 's councils have lost £600 million in [give] aid — or £170 for every poll tax payer in the land .

Fortunately , too , Labour has agreed to continue with that policy should it come to power — so let us hear no more complaints about depriving local government of central Government funds because of cuts in rate support grant , revenue support grant , or whatever it is called today .
fortunately , too , labour has agreed to continue with that policy should it come to power — so let us hear no more complaints about depriving local government of central government funds because of cuts in rate support [give] , revenue support [give] , or whatever it is called today .

If the scheme is to qualify for grant aid , the benefit-cost assessment must show that the present value of all the benefits derived from the scheme exceed the present value of all the costs .
if the scheme is to qualify for [give] aid , the benefit-cost assessment must show that the present value of all the benefits derived from the scheme exceed the present value of all the costs .

Above all , he insisted on reducing the revenue support grant rather than increasing it , which is what all of us said was necessary to soften the blow .
above all , he insisted on reducing the revenue support [give] rather than increasing it , which is what all of us said was necessary to soften the blow .

With a rates system that no longer preserves the Welsh grant advantage , it is all bad news for Wales .
with a rates system that no longer preserves the welsh [give] advantage , it is all bad news for wales .

grant to the Scottish local authorities , basing local accountability on the principle that local councillors will determine how that money should be spent ?
[give] to the scottish local authorities , basing local accountability on the principle that local councillors will determine how that money should be spent ?

in grant is the basis for their claim that students have never had it so good — that they are getting more money now than ever before .
in [give] is the basis for their claim that students have never had it so good — that they are getting more money now than ever before .

It is £2,265 for the full grant and £420 for the student loan — in total a yearly income of just £2,685 .
it is £2,265 for the full [give] and £420 for the student loan — in total a yearly income of just £2,685 .

Mature students with young families , who are on their own financially and are burdened with the heaviest of financial commitments , are having to scrape by on an inadequate student grant and an even more inadequate student loan .
mature students with young families , who are on their own financially and are burdened with the heaviest of financial commitments , are having to scrape by on an inadequate student [give] and an even more inadequate student loan .

In the current academic year , the full-year loan facility plus the grant is more than 30 per cent .
in the current academic year , the full-year loan facility plus the [give] is more than 30 per cent .

However , we are well aware that there are some students who , even with the increase in support from the grant and loan , may experience financial difficulties .
however , we are well aware that there are some students who , even with the increase in support from the [give] and loan , may experience financial difficulties .

What advice would the Minister offer to a student who has a full student grant and a student loan but who is still £500 below the income support level , the minimum subsistence level for any individual in society ?
what advice would the minister offer to a student who has a full student [give] and a student loan but who is still £500 below the income support level , the minimum subsistence level for any individual in society ?

The grant and loan system is designed to cover the entire academic year , not just part of it .
the [give] and loan system is designed to cover the entire academic year , not just part of it .

The special adjudicator will not grant leave to appeal if he , or perhaps she , is satisfied that the applicant does not have an arguable claim for asylum .
the special adjudicator will not [give] leave to appeal if he , or perhaps she , is satisfied that the applicant does not have an arguable claim for asylum .

To help the process along the way , the Labour party acolytes on Humberside county council fell over themselves to be the first to grant planning permission for gas generators at Killingholme , replacing coal requirements by 3 million tonnes and with a loss of 3,000 mining jobs .
to help the process along the way , the labour party acolytes on humberside county council fell over themselves to be the first to [give] planning permission for gas generators at killingholme , replacing coal requirements by 3 million tonnes and with a loss of 3,000 mining jobs .

The Secretary of State also said that the restructuring grant limit is ’ not determined by any view of the future of the industry . ’
the secretary of state also said that the restructuring [give] limit is ’ not determined by any view of the future of the industry . ’

Restructuring grant represents a specific commitment by the Government to the work force .
restructuring [give] represents a specific commitment by the government to the work force .

Restructuring grant has been paid by the Government since 1987 .
restructuring [give] has been paid by the government since 1987 .

The grant provides support for 90 per cent .
the [give] provides support for 90 per cent .

It is a restructuring grant paid to British Coal , to fund up to 90 per cent .
it is a restructuring [give] paid to british coal , to fund up to 90 per cent .

Gentleman referred , is entirely due to the Grant Met-Courage pubs-for-breweries deal .
gentleman referred , is entirely due to the [give] met-courage pubs-for-breweries deal .

What has happened to the statements that we expected on revenue support grant ? Given that the decision of the Department of the Environment and of the Scottish and Welsh Offices will have huge implications for the levels of poll tax that people will be expected to pay next year , should we not have an early statement in the Chamber on those issues ?
what has happened to the statements that we expected on revenue support [give] ? given that the decision of the department of the environment and of the scottish and welsh offices will have huge implications for the levels of poll tax that people will be expected to pay next year , should we not have an early statement in the chamber on those issues ?

Gentleman 's request for a revenue support grant statement from my right hon .
gentleman 's request for a revenue support [give] statement from my right hon .

However , he made inquiries and was told by his bank that he was not eligible for such a loan because in the past he had received a Government grant .
however , he made inquiries and was told by his bank that he was not eligible for such a loan because in the past he had received a government [give] .

She applied to Newcastle council for a grant as she was living in the Newcastle area .
she applied to newcastle council for a [give] as she was living in the newcastle area .

One intended to go to Gateshead college full time for a year to do five GCSEs , but was unable to get a grant or income support because she did not qualify under the 22-hour rule and so reluctantly decided to attend part time instead .
one intended to go to gateshead college full time for a year to do five gcses , but was unable to get a [give] or income support because she did not qualify under the 22-hour rule and so reluctantly decided to attend part time instead .

The extra resources available from the uprated grant and loan more than compensate for what the majority of students could have claimed .
the extra resources available from the uprated [give] and loan more than compensate for what the majority of students could have claimed .

The Education Act 1962 currently limits mandatory grant support to full-time first degree and comparable courses .
the education act 1962 currently limits mandatory [give] support to full-time first degree and comparable courses .

Certain LEAs do indeed seem to have reduced their overall awards budgets this year , but most are continuing to grant awards at about the same levels as in previous years .
certain leas do indeed seem to have reduced their overall awards budgets this year , but most are continuing to [give] awards at about the same levels as in previous years .

Mr. Bernie Grant ( Tottenham )
mr. bernie [give] ( tottenham )

Friend the Member for Tottenham ( Mr. Grant ) .
friend the member for tottenham ( mr. [give] ) .

He is looking into the possibility of grant aid and members will be informed when firm progress has been made .
he is looking into the possibility of [give] aid and members will be informed when firm progress has been made .

She was thankful too that she 'd struggled to exist on her grant , and what she earned in vacations , without making too many extra demands on Hugh Russell .
she was thankful too that she 'd struggled to exist on her [give] , and what she earned in vacations , without making too many extra demands on hugh russell .

The Vice Chairman went on to explain that due to the Society only being able to have a licence rather than a lease on the premises , it was not possible to get grant aid .
the vice chairman went on to explain that due to the society only being able to have a licence rather than a lease on the premises , it was not possible to get [give] aid .

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Personal )
research [give] ( personal )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Programme )
research [give] ( programme )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Programme )
research [give] ( programme )

Research grant ( Programme )
research [give] ( programme )

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research grant
research [give]

Research Grant ( Personal )
research [give] ( personal )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Programme )
research [give] ( programme )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Personal )
research [give] ( personal )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Personal )
research [give] ( personal )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant
research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research grant
research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research grant
4 : research [give]

4 : Research Grant
4 : research [give]

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

Research Grant ( Project )
research [give] ( project )

‘ Hi Grant , no problem .
‘ hi [give] , no problem .

Grant casts his eyes around at the casualties of a drink-based evening albeit mainly non-alcoholic , and demurs , seeing that mild hysteria has set in .
[give] casts his eyes around at the casualties of a drink-based evening albeit mainly non-alcoholic , and demurs , seeing that mild hysteria has set in .

It transpires that Grant is a Texan oilman with a boat moored at Grand Isle Marina who is a regular at Sand Dune Apartments .
it transpires that [give] is a texan oilman with a boat moored at grand isle marina who is a regular at sand dune apartments .

Grant scratches his head , holding the silence naturally .
[give] scratches his head , holding the silence naturally .

Grant addresses Lucker with the question .
[give] addresses lucker with the question .

Grant is visibly unimpressed and smiles politely .
[give] is visibly unimpressed and smiles politely .

Oh God , Grant please ask us on your boat .
oh god , [give] please ask us on your boat .

Will Grant ever come ?
will [give] ever come ?

Every now and again rust pimples up , metallic lichen destined only to be beaten back by the lavish care and attention administered by Grant .
every now and again rust pimples up , metallic lichen destined only to be beaten back by the lavish care and attention administered by [give] .

Grant starts the motor and makes soup of the jellyfish .
[give] starts the motor and makes soup of the jellyfish .

Grant sets the information for our voyage into the computer .
[give] sets the information for our voyage into the computer .

Grant looks this way and that , as if at a junction .
[give] looks this way and that , as if at a junction .

‘ Grant what will happen to these ? ’
‘ [give] what will happen to these ? ’

Grant just does n't seem interested .
[give] just does n't seem interested .

Grant laughs upstairs .
[give] laughs upstairs .

‘ Grant , what are you hoping for today ? ’
‘ [give] , what are you hoping for today ? ’

Grant is patient with Lucker 's boggle-eyed gruesomeness .
[give] is patient with lucker 's boggle-eyed gruesomeness .

Grant looks down into the dark waters .
[give] looks down into the dark waters .

Grant yanks the engine up into top brew , and makes a phone call .
[give] yanks the engine up into top brew , and makes a phone call .

Grant looks preoccupied , and chews his lip .
[give] looks preoccupied , and chews his lip .

Grant shakes his head .
[give] shakes his head .

Grant swings the conversation around point blank at us .
[give] swings the conversation around point blank at us .

Grant cuts the engine right back to idle .
[give] cuts the engine right back to idle .

Grant climbs up the aluminium ladder into the crow 's nest and surveys the horizon with binoculars .
[give] climbs up the aluminium ladder into the crow 's nest and surveys the horizon with binoculars .

Grant holds the leader line steady with a gloved hand .
[give] holds the leader line steady with a gloved hand .

As the boat is reversing steadily , Grant gives it full throttle forward .
as the boat is reversing steadily , [give] gives it full throttle forward .

Grant shouts at his boat , banging an angry palm onto the wheel .
[give] shouts at his boat , banging an angry palm onto the wheel .

Grant cuts the engine to listen for clues .
[give] cuts the engine to listen for clues .

Grant voices everyone 's hopes .
[give] voices everyone 's hopes .

Grant dives for a knife .
[give] dives for a knife .

Grant drags Doug up and whips the line out of his back , chest and arms .
[give] drags doug up and whips the line out of his back , chest and arms .

Grant sweeps around at full speed and heads for land .
[give] sweeps around at full speed and heads for land .

Grant calls in to get a weather update .
[give] calls in to get a weather update .

Grant assumes a mantle of confidence he does n't fully believe in .
[give] assumes a mantle of confidence he does n't fully believe in .

Grant looks at Bill , and shakes his head .
[give] looks at bill , and shakes his head .

Grant engages in some lightweight banter with the radio controller , Mickey , who doubles as the Cutter Boat Club barman .
[give] engages in some lightweight banter with the radio controller , mickey , who doubles as the cutter boat club barman .

Grant orders his drinks now , and orders Pimms especially for the ‘ Britishers ’ on board .
[give] orders his drinks now , and orders pimms especially for the ‘ britishers ’ on board .

Grant looks drawn and tired .
[give] looks drawn and tired .

‘ So what was it , Grant ? The monster of the deep ? ’
‘ so what was it , [give] ? the monster of the deep ? ’

Mickey leans into Grant for his confidence .
mickey leans into [give] for his confidence .

Negotations are proceeding with a view to obtaining grant aid to help with the considerable setting up costs which will be involved and advice taken with regard to design and layout of exhibits .
negotations are proceeding with a view to obtaining [give] aid to help with the considerable setting up costs which will be involved and advice taken with regard to design and layout of exhibits .

For example , a proportional income tax with no grant ( ) has no effect on the relative degree of inequality ( ) , and the squared ( ) terms cancel .
for example , a proportional income tax with no [give] ( ) has no effect on the relative degree of inequality ( ) , and the squared ( ) terms cancel .

She must persuade him of her good intentions — for it had never crossed her mind that she would not repay him — but she must also try to convince him of the seriousness of her situation and persuade him to grant her a bit of leeway .
she must persuade him of her good intentions — for it had never crossed her mind that she would not repay him — but she must also try to convince him of the seriousness of her situation and persuade him to [give] her a bit of leeway .

As the others were climbing into the van , Mrs Goreng said , ‘ Dr Smithson , Colonel Goreng will grant you an interview .
as the others were climbing into the van , mrs goreng said , ‘ dr smithson , colonel goreng will [give] you an interview .

‘ Grant ’ and ‘ interview ’ .
‘ [give] ’ and ‘ interview ’ .

This snappily dressed , half-smiling man with something of the looks of the young Cary Grant about him did not approximate to his vision of a psychiatrist .
this snappily dressed , half-smiling man with something of the looks of the young cary [give] about him did not approximate to his vision of a psychiatrist .

The terms of reference for this commission were similar to Newsom 's in 1968 , but concerned with independent day schools and direct grant schools .
the terms of reference for this commission were similar to newsom 's in 1968 , but concerned with independent day schools and direct [give] schools .

[ Direct grant schools were required to choose either comprehensivisation or withdrawal of state aid in 1975 . ]
[ direct [give] schools were required to choose either comprehensivisation or withdrawal of state aid in 1975 . ]

This report investigated ways of allowing voluntary schools in Northern Ireland to continue ( as direct grant schools ) in the new non-selective system of secondary education recommended in the Cowan Report ( see 1976 Cowan ) . [ It became inapplicable when , after a change of government in 1979 , the Cowan recommendations were abandoned.l
this report investigated ways of allowing voluntary schools in northern ireland to continue ( as direct [give] schools ) in the new non-selective system of secondary education recommended in the cowan report ( see 1976 cowan ) . [ it became inapplicable when , after a change of government in 1979 , the cowan recommendations were abandoned.l

The authorities were enabled to grant scholarships , and to give vocational guidance .
the authorities were enabled to [give] scholarships , and to give vocational guidance .

This Act introduced the Rate Support Grant , made LEAs ( rather than central government ) responsible for paying for school meals and milk , and allocated funds ( under Section 11 ) to local authorities for payment of staff employed specifically for the education and welfare of immigrants .
this act introduced the rate support [give] , made leas ( rather than central government ) responsible for paying for school meals and milk , and allocated funds ( under section 11 ) to local authorities for payment of staff employed specifically for the education and welfare of immigrants .

1967 Rate Support Grant ( Pooling Arrangements ) Regulations
1967 rate support [give] ( pooling arrangements ) regulations

1975 Direct Grant Grammar Schools ( Cessation of Grant ) Regulations
1975 direct [give] grammar schools ( cessation of [give] ) regulations

This allowed the government to allocate sums of money to LEAs for particular educational purposes , thus reducing the local authorities ' control over how the block grant was spent .
this allowed the government to allocate sums of money to leas for particular educational purposes , thus reducing the local authorities ' control over how the block [give] was spent .

Phased out by 1980 , they used to bridge the gap between the maintained and independent sectors , being grammar schools which took fee-paying pupils but also provided free places for able children from poorer homes who were financed by a direct grant from the government .
phased out by 1980 , they used to bridge the gap between the maintained and independent sectors , being grammar schools which took fee-paying pupils but also provided free places for able children from poorer homes who were financed by a direct [give] from the government .

Under the terms of the Act , polytechnics and certain other colleges of higher education are now removed entirely from the control of LEAs , and are financed directly by central government — as are Grant Maintained Schools .
under the terms of the act , polytechnics and certain other colleges of higher education are now removed entirely from the control of leas , and are financed directly by central government — as are [give] maintained schools .

Then , taking into account the resources of the authority , and the revenue available to it from the National Non-domestic Rate , the government is to decide how much Revenue Support Grant it will give , and how much revenue it considers should be raised by the authority itself through Community Charge .
then , taking into account the resources of the authority , and the revenue available to it from the national non-domestic rate , the government is to decide how much revenue support [give] it will give , and how much revenue it considers should be raised by the authority itself through community charge .

The grants will initially be frozen at their present level , while the loans will rise in line with inflation until they reach the level of the grant .
the grants will initially be frozen at their present level , while the loans will rise in line with inflation until they reach the level of the [give] .

Much more money comes from it to education in the shape of the funds allocated by the Secretary of State to local authorities through the Revenue Support Grant : 2.3 billion in 1989–90 .
much more money comes from it to education in the shape of the funds allocated by the secretary of state to local authorities through the revenue support [give] : 2.3 billion in 1989–90 .

The local authorities decide how to distribute this grant among the various services they provide — together with the money they themselves raise from Community Charge — but the Secretary of State each year indicates in advance what he thinks their ‘ Total Standard Spending ’ , and their ‘ Standard Spending ’ on each service ought to be .
the local authorities decide how to distribute this [give] among the various services they provide — together with the money they themselves raise from community charge — but the secretary of state each year indicates in advance what he thinks their ‘ total standard spending ’ , and their ‘ standard spending ’ on each service ought to be .

Pupils in independent schools ( see Chapter 5 ) form a small percentage of all school pupils — about 7 % of boys , 6 % of girls in England and Wales in 1988 , which represents a decline from the percentage not long after the war ( 1951 ) of 8 % of boys ( 9 % if direct grant schools are included ) .
pupils in independent schools ( see chapter 5 ) form a small percentage of all school pupils — about 7 % of boys , 6 % of girls in england and wales in 1988 , which represents a decline from the percentage not long after the war ( 1951 ) of 8 % of boys ( 9 % if direct [give] schools are included ) .

This shows a percentage decline since 1951 ( when the corresponding figure for boys was 29 % , or 38 % including direct grant schools ) ; during this period , there was a substantial increase in absolute numbers over the minimum leaving age in independent schools , but this was overshadowed by a much larger increase , proportionately as well as absolutely , in maintained schools .
this shows a percentage decline since 1951 ( when the corresponding figure for boys was 29 % , or 38 % including direct [give] schools ) ; during this period , there was a substantial increase in absolute numbers over the minimum leaving age in independent schools , but this was overshadowed by a much larger increase , proportionately as well as absolutely , in maintained schools .

It shows the percentages of men with fathers in each of the three main social classes identified in the study ( see Chapter 2 for explanation of these ) who had attended private schools ( including direct grant schools ) .
it shows the percentages of men with fathers in each of the three main social classes identified in the study ( see chapter 2 for explanation of these ) who had attended private schools ( including direct [give] schools ) .

She had demanded commitment from Luke — the one thing she knew he would n't grant .
she had demanded commitment from luke — the one thing she knew he would n't [give] .

The question they wish to answer is ‘ Which pupils will excel in this area , will make useful contributions or will benefit most from the opportunities which are in our power to grant ?
the question they wish to answer is ‘ which pupils will excel in this area , will make useful contributions or will benefit most from the opportunities which are in our power to [give] ?

The reason for that , he was to discover , was that Mr Multhrop had made speedy arrangements with the Albion and Grant Hotels to serve luncheon , his own kitchens being hors de combat .
the reason for that , he was to discover , was that mr multhrop had made speedy arrangements with the albion and [give] hotels to serve luncheon , his own kitchens being hors de combat .

To say we are disappointed with the grant would be the understatement of the year .
to say we are disappointed with the [give] would be the understatement of the year .

The courts , together with a wooden pavilion of historic interest , were built around 1910 but lay derelict for many years until the Club revived them with a grant from the Village Association .
the courts , together with a wooden pavilion of historic interest , were built around 1910 but lay derelict for many years until the club revived them with a [give] from the village association .

Increased economic activity in these locations can be seen in Charles 's grant to the bishop of Paris of the Grand Pont with its mills and , later , of the right to dispose of some newly-built houses ; in the mint ( with its profits ) conceded to the bishop and cathedral clergy of Châlons ; in the trading interests of the clergy of Rheims ; in the monks of Corbie 's intended purchase ( `` if we have enough money `` ) of pepper at Cambrai ; and in the scattered but widespread references to episcopal and monastic building works ( not all of them ecclesiastical ) and , more rarely , in archaeological traces or architectural remains of these constructions .
increased economic activity in these locations can be seen in charles 's [give] to the bishop of paris of the grand pont with its mills and , later , of the right to dispose of some newly-built houses ; in the mint ( with its profits ) conceded to the bishop and cathedral clergy of châlons ; in the trading interests of the clergy of rheims ; in the monks of corbie 's intended purchase ( `` if we have enough money `` ) of pepper at cambrai ; and in the scattered but widespread references to episcopal and monastic building works ( not all of them ecclesiastical ) and , more rarely , in archaeological traces or architectural remains of these constructions .

The grant was to an individual , and could be revoked if the recipient lost the king 's favour ; but the son of the original tenant would expect , other things being equal , to `` inherit `` the benefice .
the [give] was to an individual , and could be revoked if the recipient lost the king 's favour ; but the son of the original tenant would expect , other things being equal , to `` inherit `` the benefice .

The king might be happy to comply ; on the other hand , he had a strong interest in maintaining his pool of benefices , and sometimes tried to resume a grant on the death of a tenant , especially if the potential heir was a child .
the king might be happy to comply ; on the other hand , he had a strong interest in maintaining his pool of benefices , and sometimes tried to resume a [give] on the death of a tenant , especially if the potential heir was a child .

The recipient , however , had a strong interest in reducing the precariousness of his holding : he could hope that , over time , the grant would be merged in his patrimony .
the recipient , however , had a strong interest in reducing the precariousness of his holding : he could hope that , over time , the [give] would be merged in his patrimony .

The `` honour `` referred to here is the grant of Alemannia , which Louis conferred on Charles in August 829 .
the `` honour `` referred to here is the [give] of alemannia , which louis conferred on charles in august 829 .

The emperor and empress had foreseen and tried to forestall resentment on Louis the German 's part at the grant to Charles .
the emperor and empress had foreseen and tried to forestall resentment on louis the german 's part at the [give] to charles .

The identity of those annalists is important too : they reflected the views of Lothar and of Louis the German , whose interests were adversely affected by this grant to their young half-brother .
the identity of those annalists is important too : they reflected the views of lothar and of louis the german , whose interests were adversely affected by this [give] to their young half-brother .

In making this grant to Charles , Louis the Pious was asserting this son 's special status within the family : though the last-born , Charles was now , so to speak in the primogenitus slot .
in making this [give] to charles , louis the pious was asserting this son 's special status within the family : though the last-born , charles was now , so to speak in the primogenitus slot .

Most encouraging for Charles were new supporters from the Meuse valley region , won over `` more by love than by fear `` ( in sharp contrast to Lothar 's `` terror-tactics `` ) : Giselbert , count of the Maasgau , and Count Odulf ( whose adherence had to be clinched by the grant of Ferrières 's rich dependency of St-Josse — which did not please Abbot Lupus ! )
most encouraging for charles were new supporters from the meuse valley region , won over `` more by love than by fear `` ( in sharp contrast to lothar 's `` terror-tactics `` ) : giselbert , count of the maasgau , and count odulf ( whose adherence had to be clinched by the [give] of ferrières 's rich dependency of st-josse — which did not please abbot lupus ! )

Charles was free to grant or withhold the rewards of Königsnähe even to his own brother-in-law .
charles was free to [give] or withhold the rewards of königsnähe even to his own brother-in-law .

The suggestion was made that the Borough Council should make a discretionary grant of 100 % rate relief to public halls in the rural part of the borough .
the suggestion was made that the borough council should make a discretionary [give] of 100 % rate relief to public halls in the rural part of the borough .

Two days before Arrese 's Valladolid speech , France announced that it was to grant independence to its protectorate in Morocco .
two days before arrese 's valladolid speech , france announced that it was to [give] independence to its protectorate in morocco .

Request to Christian Aid for a Grant for 1991–92
request to christian aid for a [give] for 1991–92

Please note that the Christian Aid grant of £8,335 for 1990–91 , paid in June 1990 , will figure in the annual report for the current year .
please note that the christian aid [give] of £8,335 for 1990–91 , paid in june 1990 , will figure in the annual report for the current year .

Specifically , the Commissioner may grant assistance when trade union members complain that their union has failed or is likely to fail to observe the requirements of its own rule book in relation to various defined activities .
specifically , the commissioner may [give] assistance when trade union members complain that their union has failed or is likely to fail to observe the requirements of its own rule book in relation to various defined activities .

The aim behind this use of the Commissioner 's name is twofold : to give assisted persons more assurance that the Commissioner stands behind them in the proceedings , and to increase public awareness of the grant of assistance and of the Commissioner .
the aim behind this use of the commissioner 's name is twofold : to give assisted persons more assurance that the commissioner stands behind them in the proceedings , and to increase public awareness of the [give] of assistance and of the commissioner .

In one case , following the grant of assistance , a writ was issued .
in one case , following the [give] of assistance , a writ was issued .

These are important questions and any doubt about the answers may lead to the Commissioner acting ultra vires . The Commissioner herself is the only legally qualified person in her office , and it is not surprising to learn that Treasury solicitor 's advice is often sought before a decision is made to grant assistance or not
these are important questions and any doubt about the answers may lead to the commissioner acting ultra vires . the commissioner herself is the only legally qualified person in her office , and it is not surprising to learn that treasury solicitor 's advice is often sought before a decision is made to [give] assistance or not

Many local authorities used the ‘ direct grant ’ schools ( which took in at least 25 % of their children by merit from maintained primary schools and had fee-payers as well ) as the top rung of their local educational ladder .
many local authorities used the ‘ direct [give] ’ schools ( which took in at least 25 % of their children by merit from maintained primary schools and had fee-payers as well ) as the top rung of their local educational ladder .

With the formation of the coalition in May 1940 , the central organisation was itself weakened by the absorption of the two leading officers of the Research Department into the government : Arthur Greenwood took office in Churchill 's Cabinet and Grant McKenzie was recruited to assist Attlee in the latter 's government tasks .
with the formation of the coalition in may 1940 , the central organisation was itself weakened by the absorption of the two leading officers of the research department into the government : arthur greenwood took office in churchill 's cabinet and [give] mckenzie was recruited to assist attlee in the latter 's government tasks .

Wimpey Homes partnership and urban renewal manager , Andy Wyles , is elated : ‘ These grant awards represent a major breakthrough for Wimpey Homes ’ Edinburgh region .
wimpey homes partnership and urban renewal manager , andy wyles , is elated : ‘ these [give] awards represent a major breakthrough for wimpey homes ’ edinburgh region .

‘ The new ratings will be used by the Council to inform calculations of grant for the academic year 1990/91 and for the funding period 1991-95 … the Council 's provisional decision to continue to fund research on the basis of competitive assessments of quality and … to increase the proportion of research resources that is allocated selectively . ’
‘ the new ratings will be used by the council to inform calculations of [give] for the academic year 1990/91 and for the funding period 1991-95 … the council 's provisional decision to continue to fund research on the basis of competitive assessments of quality and … to increase the proportion of research resources that is allocated selectively . ’

Previously , allocation of funds had been on a per capita student basis , but this changed to a research project grant system .
previously , allocation of funds had been on a per capita student basis , but this changed to a research project [give] system .

He ignores the fact that the major argument for including the supervisor 's name in papers to which he or she has not made such a contribution is that it is the supervisor 's reputation which has attracted the research grant or ensured publication .
he ignores the fact that the major argument for including the supervisor 's name in papers to which he or she has not made such a contribution is that it is the supervisor 's reputation which has attracted the research [give] or ensured publication .

Sixty percent of their respondents believed that reviewers are reluctant to support unorthodox or high-risk research , and nearly 40 % felt that an ‘ Old Boy Network ’ controlled the grant review system .
sixty percent of their respondents believed that reviewers are reluctant to support unorthodox or high-risk research , and nearly 40 % felt that an ‘ old boy network ’ controlled the [give] review system .

There was , however , a strong correlation between the success of grant applicants and their satisfaction with the system .
there was , however , a strong correlation between the success of [give] applicants and their satisfaction with the system .

It was not a simple matter of carrying out fieldwork , thinking about the results , publishing them , and waiting for peer review to ensure the next research grant .
it was not a simple matter of carrying out fieldwork , thinking about the results , publishing them , and waiting for peer review to ensure the next research [give] .

The Executive Director , James Grant , added that " aid for primary health care , including family planning , primary education , and rural water supply and sanitation , totals only just over 3 per cent of the industrialized world 's aid " .
the executive director , james [give] , added that " aid for primary health care , including family planning , primary education , and rural water supply and sanitation , totals only just over 3 per cent of the industrialized world 's aid " .

The Senate ethics committee rebuked Senator Mark Hatfield ( Rep. , Oregon ) on Aug. 12 for " improper conduct " in accepting and failing to disclose gifts and travel expenses from a former university president who had sought Hatfield 's assistance support in gaining a government grant .
the senate ethics committee rebuked senator mark hatfield ( rep. , oregon ) on aug. 12 for " improper conduct " in accepting and failing to disclose gifts and travel expenses from a former university president who had sought hatfield 's assistance support in gaining a government [give] .

Rallies in previous days organized by the National Unity opposition coalition , angered by his refusal to grant outright recognition to the " Republic of Nagorny Karabakh " , had demanded his resignation .
rallies in previous days organized by the national unity opposition coalition , angered by his refusal to [give] outright recognition to the " republic of nagorny karabakh " , had demanded his resignation .

The mission , headed by Nikita Smidovich , was the first to resume operations since the three-week stand-off in July precipitated by the government 's refusal to grant chemical weapons inspectors access to the Ministry of Agriculture [ see p. 39026 ] .
the mission , headed by nikita smidovich , was the first to resume operations since the three-week stand-off in july precipitated by the government 's refusal to [give] chemical weapons inspectors access to the ministry of agriculture [ see p. 39026 ] .

The threat of a similar crisis involving a possible Western attack against Iraqi targets had been revived on Aug. 6 after the government declared that it would no longer grant weapons inspectors access to official buildings and ministries .
the threat of a similar crisis involving a possible western attack against iraqi targets had been revived on aug. 6 after the government declared that it would no longer [give] weapons inspectors access to official buildings and ministries .

Meeting in the southern Peruvian port of Ilo , President Jaime Paz Zamora signed an agreement with his Peruvian counterpart , Alberto Fujimori , on Jan. 24 , which would grant Bolivia , landlocked since it lost territory to Chile in the 1879 War of the Pacific , access to the Pacific Ocean .
meeting in the southern peruvian port of ilo , president jaime paz zamora signed an agreement with his peruvian counterpart , alberto fujimori , on jan. 24 , which would [give] bolivia , landlocked since it lost territory to chile in the 1879 war of the pacific , access to the pacific ocean .

The most controversial of the proposals aimed to ( i ) reduce spending on education ; ( ii ) grant the government new powers to reduce the salaries of state employees and judges and to abolish security of tenure for civil servants with five years ' service ; ( iii ) end banking secrecy to allow the government to tackle tax evasion ; ( iv ) suspend a provision forbidding the government from collecting tax revenue in the year in which the tax was introduced ; and ( v ) reform pension schemes .
the most controversial of the proposals aimed to ( i ) reduce spending on education ; ( ii ) [give] the government new powers to reduce the salaries of state employees and judges and to abolish security of tenure for civil servants with five years ' service ; ( iii ) end banking secrecy to allow the government to tackle tax evasion ; ( iv ) suspend a provision forbidding the government from collecting tax revenue in the year in which the tax was introduced ; and ( v ) reform pension schemes .

Nevertheless in a statement released on Aug. 23 the United States embassy in Beijing said it was `` deeply disturbed `` by news of the hunger strike , and urged the government to grant an amnesty to all political prisoners .
nevertheless in a statement released on aug. 23 the united states embassy in beijing said it was `` deeply disturbed `` by news of the hunger strike , and urged the government to [give] an amnesty to all political prisoners .

Other sources of budgetary tension between Congress and the President during June included the passage by Congress of a bill to grant automatically renewable benefits to the long-term unemployed , and a confrontation over the issue of emergency urban aid .
other sources of budgetary tension between congress and the president during june included the passage by congress of a bill to [give] automatically renewable benefits to the long-term unemployed , and a confrontation over the issue of emergency urban aid .

The House voted on June 9 to grant a new extension of jobless benefits of up to 26 weeks , defying a threat by Bush to veto the bill .
the house voted on june 9 to [give] a new extension of jobless benefits of up to 26 weeks , defying a threat by bush to veto the bill .

University students were particularly angered by the government 's refusal to meet their demands for a minimum monthly grant in line with the country 's average wage .
university students were particularly angered by the government 's refusal to meet their demands for a minimum monthly [give] in line with the country 's average wage .

Four other cases , brought on Sept. 10 and 12 , involved the improper grant of a contract to oversee a power scheme , the export of Pakistani cotton at below market rates , the sale of property in Islamabad worth £150,000,000 for a mere £500,000 to a foreign company managed by associates of her husband , Asif Ali Zardari , and the improper granting of permits to a close relation and to a friend enabling them to distribute liquified gas .
four other cases , brought on sept. 10 and 12 , involved the improper [give] of a contract to oversee a power scheme , the export of pakistani cotton at below market rates , the sale of property in islamabad worth £150,000,000 for a mere £500,000 to a foreign company managed by associates of her husband , asif ali zardari , and the improper granting of permits to a close relation and to a friend enabling them to distribute liquified gas .

The judge would be empowered to grant immediate bail to the defendant if the crimes were those of illegal possession of arms and criminal conspiracy , or to free him or her a year after the start of a trial if sentence had yet to be passed .
the judge would be empowered to [give] immediate bail to the defendant if the crimes were those of illegal possession of arms and criminal conspiracy , or to free him or her a year after the start of a trial if sentence had yet to be passed .

The report called for better police training and accountability , and suggested that Congress should grant the Attorney General power to seek injunctions against police forces which were persistently guilty of the excessive use of force .
the report called for better police training and accountability , and suggested that congress should [give] the attorney general power to seek injunctions against police forces which were persistently guilty of the excessive use of force .

The demand followed demonstrations at Narva protesting against Estonia 's refusal to grant free economic status to the area , and the reimposition of customs posts after the Narva town soviet had abolished them .
the demand followed demonstrations at narva protesting against estonia 's refusal to [give] free economic status to the area , and the reimposition of customs posts after the narva town soviet had abolished them .

Some 2,000 people took part on March 8 in what were described as the biggest demonstrations in Tonga in living memory , in protest at a decision to grant citizenship to more than 400 foreigners .
some 2,000 people took part on march 8 in what were described as the biggest demonstrations in tonga in living memory , in protest at a decision to [give] citizenship to more than 400 foreigners .

Without specifying whether the state would grant the Roman Catholic Church legal recognition , Salinas undertook to promote it to a `` new legal position `` .
without specifying whether the state would [give] the roman catholic church legal recognition , salinas undertook to promote it to a `` new legal position `` .

The package was accompanied by a 10,000 sucre cost-of-living adjustment grant for all workers .
the package was accompanied by a 10,000 sucre cost-of-living adjustment [give] for all workers .

The strained relations between Russia and Japan deteriorated further when it was reported that the Sakhalin provincial authorities had decided to grant a contract to a Hong Kong company for a development project on Shikotan , one of the disputed islands .
the strained relations between russia and japan deteriorated further when it was reported that the sakhalin provincial authorities had decided to [give] a contract to a hong kong company for a development project on shikotan , one of the disputed islands .

Meanwhile , parliament voted on Nov. 12 to grant the government special powers over the next six months to implement the economic reform programme , including the authority to change prices and taxes and to negotiate foreign credits .
meanwhile , parliament voted on nov. 12 to [give] the government special powers over the next six months to implement the economic reform programme , including the authority to change prices and taxes and to negotiate foreign credits .

New divorce legislation reported on Dec. 9 was said to grant unprecedented rights to women , allowing divorcees to seek compensation through the courts for housework which husbands had ordered them to do during the marriage .
new divorce legislation reported on dec. 9 was said to [give] unprecedented rights to women , allowing divorcees to seek compensation through the courts for housework which husbands had ordered them to do during the marriage .

Italy agreed to grant Albania over $ 30,000,000 in supplementary aid , mostly for agriculture .
italy agreed to [give] albania over $ 30,000,000 in supplementary aid , mostly for agriculture .

Pre-empting an expected attack , Yeltsin praised the decision of the Fifth Congress [ see p. 38537 ] to grant him extra presidential powers , and warned of chaos if they were removed .
pre-empting an expected attack , yeltsin praised the decision of the fifth congress [ see p. 38537 ] to [give] him extra presidential powers , and warned of chaos if they were removed .

In higher education an estimated 400,000 students were expected to lose their grants as a result of a proposal to target the federal student grant fund of $ 5,800 million , a rise of 7 per cent , at students from families with incomes lower than $ 10,000 .
in higher education an estimated 400,000 students were expected to lose their grants as a result of a proposal to target the federal student [give] fund of $ 5,800 million , a rise of 7 per cent , at students from families with incomes lower than $ 10,000 .

The Church denounced nonprofessional healing as heresy ( hence condemning many female midwives to the stake as witches in the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries ) and the state was prevailed on to grant a final legal monopoly of practice to the medically qualified by the establishment of the Medical Register in 1858 .
the church denounced nonprofessional healing as heresy ( hence condemning many female midwives to the stake as witches in the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries ) and the state was prevailed on to [give] a final legal monopoly of practice to the medically qualified by the establishment of the medical register in 1858 .

To help promote the scheme , the Enterprise Centre welcomed the award of a grant of £1,000 by the Lothian Education Business Partnership .
to help promote the scheme , the enterprise centre welcomed the award of a [give] of £1,000 by the lothian education business partnership .

The aim of the Enterprise Development Fund grant scheme is to support projects that will contribute to the achievement of the objectives of the enterprise initiative at Napier .
the aim of the enterprise development fund [give] scheme is to support projects that will contribute to the achievement of the objectives of the enterprise initiative at napier .

Applications for grant are assessed on the basis of : —
applications for [give] are assessed on the basis of : —

All grant recipients are required to describe in their project reports , the progress and achievements of the project in relation to
all [give] recipients are required to describe in their project reports , the progress and achievements of the project in relation to

Where equity supplemented the common law , as by the recognition of uses and the grant of equitable remedies for the infringement of legal rights , it was not particularly repugnant to common lawyers because it did not countermand their authority .
where equity supplemented the common law , as by the recognition of uses and the [give] of equitable remedies for the infringement of legal rights , it was not particularly repugnant to common lawyers because it did not countermand their authority .

Widespread complaints of poor management and excessive service charges led to the establishment … [ of ] the `` Nugee Committee `` … at the same time there has been ever-increasing concern with the difficulties which confront leaseholders in selling leases whose outstanding periods have decreased significantly since their grant .
widespread complaints of poor management and excessive service charges led to the establishment … [ of ] the `` nugee committee `` … at the same time there has been ever-increasing concern with the difficulties which confront leaseholders in selling leases whose outstanding periods have decreased significantly since their [give] .

( 5 ) This section does not apply in relation to — ( a ) a contract to grant such lease as is mentioned in section 54(2) of the Law of Property Act 1925 ( short leases ) ; ( b ) a contract made in the course of a public auction ; or ( c ) a contract regulated under the Financial Services Act 1986 ; and nothing in this section affects the creation or operation of resulting , implied or constructive trusts .
( 5 ) this section does not apply in relation to — ( a ) a contract to [give] such lease as is mentioned in section 54(2) of the law of property act 1925 ( short leases ) ; ( b ) a contract made in the course of a public auction ; or ( c ) a contract regulated under the financial services act 1986 ; and nothing in this section affects the creation or operation of resulting , implied or constructive trusts .

But only the grant of the option depends upon consent .
but only the [give] of the option depends upon consent .

These have for long met the needs of groups of people ( from the otherwise homeless poor family to the grant aided student ) for whom neither the public authorities nor the private market has been able to make adequate provision … This demand , particularly from newly formed households , migrant newcomers , single and childless people and the aged can — and does result in abuses … The Rent Act 1957 added to the problems .
these have for long met the needs of groups of people ( from the otherwise homeless poor family to the [give] aided student ) for whom neither the public authorities nor the private market has been able to make adequate provision … this demand , particularly from newly formed households , migrant newcomers , single and childless people and the aged can — and does result in abuses … the rent act 1957 added to the problems .

My Lords , there is no doubt that the traditional distinction between a tenancy and a licence of land lay in the grant of land for a term at a rent with exclusive possession .
my lords , there is no doubt that the traditional distinction between a tenancy and a licence of land lay in the [give] of land for a term at a rent with exclusive possession .

For example , an owner of land could grant a licence to cut and remove standing timber .
for example , an owner of land could [give] a licence to cut and remove standing timber .

Alternatively the owner could grant a tenancy of the land with the right to cut and remove standing timber during the term of the tenancy …
alternatively the owner could [give] a tenancy of the land with the right to cut and remove standing timber during the term of the tenancy …

In the case of residential accommodation there is no difficulty in deciding whether the grant confers exclusive possession .
in the case of residential accommodation there is no difficulty in deciding whether the [give] confers exclusive possession .

If on the other hand residential accommodation is granted for a term at a rent with exclusive possession , the landlord providing neither attendance nor services , the grant is a tenancy ; any express reservation to the landlord of limited rights to enter and view the state of the premises and to repair and maintain the premises only serves to emphasise the fact that the grantee is entitled to exclusive possession and is a tenant .
if on the other hand residential accommodation is granted for a term at a rent with exclusive possession , the landlord providing neither attendance nor services , the [give] is a tenancy ; any express reservation to the landlord of limited rights to enter and view the state of the premises and to repair and maintain the premises only serves to emphasise the fact that the grantee is entitled to exclusive possession and is a tenant .

The grant may be express , or may be inferred where the owner accepts weekly or other periodical payments from the occupier …
the [give] may be express , or may be inferred where the owner accepts weekly or other periodical payments from the occupier …

My Lords , the only intention which is relevant is the intention demonstrated by the agreement to grant exclusive possession for a term at a rent .
my lords , the only intention which is relevant is the intention demonstrated by the agreement to [give] exclusive possession for a term at a rent .

So the course which was widely adopted was not to sell up entirely but to grant leases of land wanted for development .
so the course which was widely adopted was not to sell up entirely but to [give] leases of land wanted for development .

The ambit of the decision in Lace v Chantler was limited by the further decision of this court , In re Midland Railway Co 's Agreement … The court observed that , in the ordinary case of a periodic tenancy , for example , a yearly tenancy , it was plain that , in one sense at least , it was uncertain at the outset what would be the maximum length of the tenancy ; the term would grow from year to year as a single term springing from the original grant .
the ambit of the decision in lace v chantler was limited by the further decision of this court , in re midland railway co 's agreement … the court observed that , in the ordinary case of a periodic tenancy , for example , a yearly tenancy , it was plain that , in one sense at least , it was uncertain at the outset what would be the maximum length of the tenancy ; the term would grow from year to year as a single term springing from the original [give] .

This means that the owner of an equitable lease can only grant an equitable sub-lease , not a legal lease , irrespective of the mode of the sub-tenancy 's creation .
this means that the owner of an equitable lease can only [give] an equitable sub-lease , not a legal lease , irrespective of the mode of the sub-tenancy 's creation .

Non-derogation from grant
non-derogation from [give]

In the plaintiffs ' opinion this seriously affected their privacy and thus breached the covenant of `` non-derogation from grant `` , since the ground-floor had been let as a dwelling house .
in the plaintiffs ' opinion this seriously affected their privacy and thus breached the covenant of `` non-derogation from [give] `` , since the ground-floor had been let as a dwelling house .

The plaintiffs … relied on the maxim that no one can be allowed to derogate from his own grant .
the plaintiffs … relied on the maxim that no one can be allowed to derogate from his own [give] .

It is well settled that such a grant or demise will … impliedly confer on the grantee or lessee … easements over the land retained corresponding to the continuous or apparent quasi-easements enjoyed at the time of the grant or demise by the property granted or demised over the property retained … But the implications usually explained by the maxim … do not stop short with easements … Thus , if the grant or demise be made for a particular purpose , the grantor or lessor comes under an obligation not to use the land retained by him in such a way as to render the land granted or demised unfit or materially less fit for the particular purpose for which the grant or demise was made …
it is well settled that such a [give] or demise will … impliedly confer on the grantee or lessee … easements over the land retained corresponding to the continuous or apparent quasi-easements enjoyed at the time of the [give] or demise by the property granted or demised over the property retained … but the implications usually explained by the maxim … do not stop short with easements … thus , if the [give] or demise be made for a particular purpose , the grantor or lessor comes under an obligation not to use the land retained by him in such a way as to render the land granted or demised unfit or materially less fit for the particular purpose for which the [give] or demise was made …

( 2 ) Where a lessor is proceeding , by action or otherwise , to enforce such a right of re-entry or forfeiture , the lessee may , in the lessor 's action , if any , or in any action brought by himself , apply to the court for relief , and the court may grant or refuse relief , as the court , having regard to the proceedings and conduct of the parties under the foregoing provisions of this section , and to all the other circumstances , thinks fit ; and in case of relief may grant it on such terms , if any , as to costs , expenses , damages , compensation , penalty , or otherwise , including the granting of an injunction to restrain any like breach in the future , as the court , in the circumstances of each case , thinks fit .
( 2 ) where a lessor is proceeding , by action or otherwise , to enforce such a right of re-entry or forfeiture , the lessee may , in the lessor 's action , if any , or in any action brought by himself , apply to the court for relief , and the court may [give] or refuse relief , as the court , having regard to the proceedings and conduct of the parties under the foregoing provisions of this section , and to all the other circumstances , thinks fit ; and in case of relief may [give] it on such terms , if any , as to costs , expenses , damages , compensation , penalty , or otherwise , including the granting of an injunction to restrain any like breach in the future , as the court , in the circumstances of each case , thinks fit .

By s.5(1) of the Theft Act 1968 : [ p ] roperty shall be regarded as belonging to any person having possession or control of it , or having in it any proprietary right or interest ( not being an equitable interest arising only from an agreement to transfer or grant an intent ) .
by s.5(1) of the theft act 1968 : [ p ] roperty shall be regarded as belonging to any person having possession or control of it , or having in it any proprietary right or interest ( not being an equitable interest arising only from an agreement to transfer or [give] an intent ) .

This may appear to place a heavy burden on the plaintiff but it has been held that he does not have to identify the exact person responsible for the defect ( Grant v Australian Knitting Mills ) .
this may appear to place a heavy burden on the plaintiff but it has been held that he does not have to identify the exact person responsible for the defect ( [give] v australian knitting mills ) .

The court held that the Secretary of State had no jurisdiction to grant a warrant and the defendants were guilty of trespass .
the court held that the secretary of state had no jurisdiction to [give] a warrant and the defendants were guilty of trespass .

When Cnut 's henchman Tofi the Proud made a grant to Waltham an oral declaration seems to have been followed by the donor girding his sword round the image on a crucifix .
when cnut 's henchman tofi the proud made a [give] to waltham an oral declaration seems to have been followed by the donor girding his sword round the image on a crucifix .

Instead he asked parliament for a temporary grant of special powers to deal with the aftermath of the insurrection .
instead he asked parliament for a temporary [give] of special powers to deal with the aftermath of the insurrection .

Such decisions to grant State aid can be taken in the light of a national government 's overall policy towards internal competition , and therefore need not conflict with the aims of its national competition policy .
such decisions to [give] state aid can be taken in the light of a national government 's overall policy towards internal competition , and therefore need not conflict with the aims of its national competition policy .

In this the Commission is charged with keeping all State aids under continuous review , and member states are required to provide prior notification of any plans to grant or to alter aid .
in this the commission is charged with keeping all state aids under continuous review , and member states are required to provide prior notification of any plans to [give] or to alter aid .

The Courts and Legal Services Act 1990 allows the Law Society to grant investment business certificates to MNPs .
the courts and legal services act 1990 allows the law society to [give] investment business certificates to mnps .

( 1 ) Each member of and each beneficial owner of a share in a recognised body shall submit to the Council , in such form as the Council may from time to time prescribe , a covenant under seal ( referred to in these Rules as a ‘ Compensation Fund covenant ’ ) that he or it will jointly and severally with the other members of and beneficial owners of any shares in the body reimburse the Society , when required to do so by the Council , in respect of any grant made out of the Compensation Fund under paragraph 6 of Schedule 2 to the Act where :
( 1 ) each member of and each beneficial owner of a share in a recognised body shall submit to the council , in such form as the council may from time to time prescribe , a covenant under seal ( referred to in these rules as a ‘ compensation fund covenant ’ ) that he or it will jointly and severally with the other members of and beneficial owners of any shares in the body reimburse the society , when required to do so by the council , in respect of any [give] made out of the compensation fund under paragraph 6 of schedule 2 to the act where :

( a ) such grant is made in consequence of some act or default of the recognised body or any of its officers or employees ; and
( a ) such [give] is made in consequence of some act or default of the recognised body or any of its officers or employees ; and

provided that a member or a beneficial owner of a share shall only be required to reimburse the Society to the extent that the Society has been unable to recover the amount of the grant from the recognised body or the officer or employee committing the act or default or the personal representative , trustee in bankruptcy or liquidator or any such person .
provided that a member or a beneficial owner of a share shall only be required to reimburse the society to the extent that the society has been unable to recover the amount of the [give] from the recognised body or the officer or employee committing the act or default or the personal representative , trustee in bankruptcy or liquidator or any such person .

( c ) To apply for , register , purchase , or by other means acquire and protect , prolong and renew , whether in the United Kingdom or elsewhere any patents , patent rights , brevets d'invention , licences , secret processes , trade marks , designs , protections and concessions and to disclaim , alter , modify , use and turn to account and to manufacture under or grant licences or privileges in respect of the same , and to expend money in experimenting upon , testing and improving any patents , inventions or rights which the Company may acquire or propose to acquire .
( c ) to apply for , register , purchase , or by other means acquire and protect , prolong and renew , whether in the united kingdom or elsewhere any patents , patent rights , brevets d'invention , licences , secret processes , trade marks , designs , protections and concessions and to disclaim , alter , modify , use and turn to account and to manufacture under or [give] licences or privileges in respect of the same , and to expend money in experimenting upon , testing and improving any patents , inventions or rights which the company may acquire or propose to acquire .

To improve , manage , construct , repair , develop , exchange , let on lease or otherwise , mortgage , charge , sell , dispose of , turn to account , grant licences , options , rights and privileges in respect of , or otherwise deal with all or any part of the property and rights of the Company .
to improve , manage , construct , repair , develop , exchange , let on lease or otherwise , mortgage , charge , sell , dispose of , turn to account , [give] licences , options , rights and privileges in respect of , or otherwise deal with all or any part of the property and rights of the company .

( 4 ) Any shares not accepted pursuant to such offer or further offer as aforesaid not including fractions unalloted shall be under the control of the Directors who may allot , grant options over or otherwise dispose of the same to such persons who are qualified to be members on such terms and in such manner as they think fit , provided that such shares shall not be disposed of on terms which are more favourable to the subscribers thereof than the terms on which they were offered to the members .
( 4 ) any shares not accepted pursuant to such offer or further offer as aforesaid not including fractions unalloted shall be under the control of the directors who may allot , [give] options over or otherwise dispose of the same to such persons who are qualified to be members on such terms and in such manner as they think fit , provided that such shares shall not be disposed of on terms which are more favourable to the subscribers thereof than the terms on which they were offered to the members .

( 6 ) Subject to the provisions of this Article and Article 4 the Directors are unconditionally authorised for the purposes of Section 80 of the Act to allot shares and grant rights to subscribe for , or convert securities into , shares in the Company up to the nominal amount of authorised share capital with which the Company is incorporated at any time or times during the period of five years from the date of adoption of these Articles .
( 6 ) subject to the provisions of this article and article 4 the directors are unconditionally authorised for the purposes of section 80 of the act to allot shares and [give] rights to subscribe for , or convert securities into , shares in the company up to the nominal amount of authorised share capital with which the company is incorporated at any time or times during the period of five years from the date of adoption of these articles .

The Directors may , after that period , allot any shares or grant any such rights under this authority in pursuance of an offer or agreement so to do made by the Company within that period .
the directors may , after that period , allot any shares or [give] any such rights under this authority in pursuance of an offer or agreement so to do made by the company within that period .

( c ) To apply for , register , purchase , or by other means acquire and protect , prolong and renew , whether in the United Kingdom or elsewhere any patents , patent rights , brevets d'invention , licences , secret processes , trade marks , designs , protections and concessions and to disclaim , alter , modify , use and turn to account and to manufacture under or grant licences or privileges in respect of the same , and to expend money in experimenting upon , testing and improving any patents , inventions or rights which the Company may acquire or propose to acquire .
( c ) to apply for , register , purchase , or by other means acquire and protect , prolong and renew , whether in the united kingdom or elsewhere any patents , patent rights , brevets d'invention , licences , secret processes , trade marks , designs , protections and concessions and to disclaim , alter , modify , use and turn to account and to manufacture under or [give] licences or privileges in respect of the same , and to expend money in experimenting upon , testing and improving any patents , inventions or rights which the company may acquire or propose to acquire .

To improve , manage , construct , repair , develop , exchange , let on lease or otherwise , mortgage , charge , sell , dispose of , turn to account , grant licences , options , rights and privileges in respect of , or otherwise deal with all or any part of the property and rights of the Company .
to improve , manage , construct , repair , develop , exchange , let on lease or otherwise , mortgage , charge , sell , dispose of , turn to account , [give] licences , options , rights and privileges in respect of , or otherwise deal with all or any part of the property and rights of the company .

( 4 ) Any shares not accepted pursuant to such offer or further offer as aforesaid not including fractions unalloted shall be under the control of the Directors who may allot , grant options over or otherwise dispose of the same to such persons who are qualified to be members on such terms and in such manner as they think fit , provided that such shares shall not be disposed of on terms which are more favourable to the subscribers thereof than the terms on which they were offered to the members .
( 4 ) any shares not accepted pursuant to such offer or further offer as aforesaid not including fractions unalloted shall be under the control of the directors who may allot , [give] options over or otherwise dispose of the same to such persons who are qualified to be members on such terms and in such manner as they think fit , provided that such shares shall not be disposed of on terms which are more favourable to the subscribers thereof than the terms on which they were offered to the members .

( 6 ) Subject to the provisions of this Article and Article 4 the Directors are unconditionally authorised for the purposes of Section 80 of the Act to allot shares and grant rights to subscribe for , or convert securities into , shares in the Company up to the nominal amount of authorised share capital with which the Company is incorporated at any time or times during the period of five years from the date of adoption of these Articles .
( 6 ) subject to the provisions of this article and article 4 the directors are unconditionally authorised for the purposes of section 80 of the act to allot shares and [give] rights to subscribe for , or convert securities into , shares in the company up to the nominal amount of authorised share capital with which the company is incorporated at any time or times during the period of five years from the date of adoption of these articles .

The Directors may , after that period , allot any shares or grant any such rights under this authority in pursuance of an offer or agreement so to do made by the Company within that period .
the directors may , after that period , allot any shares or [give] any such rights under this authority in pursuance of an offer or agreement so to do made by the company within that period .

( a ) such grant is made in consequence of some act or default of the Company or any of its officers or employees , and
( a ) such [give] is made in consequence of some act or default of the company or any of its officers or employees , and

but to the extent only that the Law Society has been unable to recover the amount of the grant from the Company or the officer or employee committing the act or default or the personal representative , trustee in bankruptcy or liquidator of any such person or body corporate .
but to the extent only that the law society has been unable to recover the amount of the [give] from the company or the officer or employee committing the act or default or the personal representative , trustee in bankruptcy or liquidator of any such person or body corporate .

( a ) such grant is made in consequence of some act or default of the Company or any of its officers or employees , and
( a ) such [give] is made in consequence of some act or default of the company or any of its officers or employees , and

but to the extent only that the Law Society has been unable to recover the amount of the grant from the Company or the officer or employee committing the act or default or the personal representative , trustee in bankruptcy or liquidator of any such person or body corporate .
but to the extent only that the law society has been unable to recover the amount of the [give] from the company or the officer or employee committing the act or default or the personal representative , trustee in bankruptcy or liquidator of any such person or body corporate .

By section 144 ( 1 ) , as a result of a report of the Monopolies and Mergers Commission , the Secretary of State may grant a licence as of right if the public interest would be prejudiced ; for example , if the owner of the copyright in a unique computer program refuses to grant licences on reasonable terms .
by section 144 ( 1 ) , as a result of a report of the monopolies and mergers commission , the secretary of state may [give] a licence as of right if the public interest would be prejudiced ; for example , if the owner of the copyright in a unique computer program refuses to [give] licences on reasonable terms .

The basic requirements for the grant of a patent will now be explained with reference to computer technology , followed by a consideration of the exclusions and their impact , especially with respect to computer software .
the basic requirements for the [give] of a patent will now be explained with reference to computer technology , followed by a consideration of the exclusions and their impact , especially with respect to computer software .

It is obvious that a patent should not be granted for anything which is not new , which is already in the public domain , otherwise the grant of the patent could make illegal an act which was previously legal .
it is obvious that a patent should not be granted for anything which is not new , which is already in the public domain , otherwise the [give] of the patent could make illegal an act which was previously legal .

Another requirement for the grant of a patent is that the invention must have an industrial application but this is widely defined by section 4 of the Patents Act 1977 which states that the invention must be capable of being made or used in any kind of industry , including agriculture .
another requirement for the [give] of a patent is that the invention must have an industrial application but this is widely defined by section 4 of the patents act 1977 which states that the invention must be capable of being made or used in any kind of industry , including agriculture .

Abuses of dominant positions might include demanding excessively high royalty rates or refusal to grant licences but being in a dominant position , per se , does not conflict with article 86 .
abuses of dominant positions might include demanding excessively high royalty rates or refusal to [give] licences but being in a dominant position , per se , does not conflict with article 86 .

The software publisher will prefer to grant a licence because he will want to retain the copyright in the software and be free to grant licences to others .
the software publisher will prefer to [give] a licence because he will want to retain the copyright in the software and be free to [give] licences to others .

The licence may be exclusive which means that the software publisher can not grant licences to others in respect of the software ; but , more usually , the licence will be non-exclusive so that the software publisher will be free to grant licences to anyone else he wishes to .
the licence may be exclusive which means that the software publisher can not [give] licences to others in respect of the software ; but , more usually , the licence will be non-exclusive so that the software publisher will be free to [give] licences to anyone else he wishes to .

You are already aware that the Sports Council very generously grant aided us for 1985 and when you receive your Annual Report you will see that we have a surplus of approximately £7.500 .
you are already aware that the sports council very generously [give] aided us for 1985 and when you receive your annual report you will see that we have a surplus of approximately £7.500 .

This surplus is due to the fact that our grant was not available until the middle of the year and therefore our targets have not yet been reached in certain areas .
this surplus is due to the fact that our [give] was not available until the middle of the year and therefore our targets have not yet been reached in certain areas .

Hilda reminded teachers that in order to continue to receive grant aid from the Sports Council we must show that we are a growing and flourishing Society .
hilda reminded teachers that in order to continue to receive [give] aid from the sports council we must show that we are a growing and flourishing society .

Subsequently The Sports Council have offered a very generous grant providing we appoint a National Development Officer ( which has already been done ) and that we show that the Society is growing — not only by increased numbers of participants but particularly in Membership .
subsequently the sports council have offered a very generous [give] providing we appoint a national development officer ( which has already been done ) and that we show that the society is growing — not only by increased numbers of participants but particularly in membership .

We are fortunate to have been Grant Aided by the Sports Council for a period of two years , during which time growth must be shown in all areas of our operation .
we are fortunate to have been [give] aided by the sports council for a period of two years , during which time growth must be shown in all areas of our operation .

Hilda reminded teachers that in order to continue to receive grant aid from the Sports Council we must show that we are a growing and flourishing Society .
hilda reminded teachers that in order to continue to receive [give] aid from the sports council we must show that we are a growing and flourishing society .

At the recent meeting of Qualified Teachers held at North Westminster School on June 18th , the chairman explained the up to date situation with regard to future grant aid .
at the recent meeting of qualified teachers held at north westminster school on june 18th , the chairman explained the up to date situation with regard to future [give] aid .

However a letter giving the details of grant aid for 1988 was not available for us until Easter .
however a letter giving the details of [give] aid for 1988 was not available for us until easter .

The grant for 1988 falls short by £7000 and is one a reducing scale for the following 3 years after which we are told there will be no further grant .
the [give] for 1988 falls short by £7000 and is one a reducing scale for the following 3 years after which we are told there will be no further [give] .

We are not alone in having the grant cut , some of the governing bodies have only been given one year 's notice or nothing at all .
we are not alone in having the [give] cut , some of the governing bodies have only been given one year 's notice or nothing at all .

In view of the late notification by the Sports Council advising that our grant for the current year would be out by £7000 the Society 's Steering Group felt we should all make a concerted effort to raise this amount so that all schemes and administration could continue as planned for 1988 .
in view of the late notification by the sports council advising that our [give] for the current year would be out by £7000 the society 's steering group felt we should all make a concerted effort to raise this amount so that all schemes and administration could continue as planned for 1988 .

This vitally important information is required for the Society 's Annual Report , which in turn is necessary with regard to our application for Sports Council Grant Aid .
this vitally important information is required for the society 's annual report , which in turn is necessary with regard to our application for sports council [give] aid .

This is a very serious matter as , whether rightly or wrongly , it is the number of heads which impresses the Sports Council when issuing grant .
this is a very serious matter as , whether rightly or wrongly , it is the number of heads which impresses the sports council when issuing [give] .

Rome clearly never found a perfect solution for this problem : eventually she had to face the rebellion of the socii and grant them entry into Roman citizenship .
rome clearly never found a perfect solution for this problem : eventually she had to face the rebellion of the socii and [give] them entry into roman citizenship .

Sister Paul , who was the author of several devotional volumes , wrote the special prayer : Heart of Jesus , grant that the eyes of the non-Catholic father of Thy little servants , Martha and Matilda , may be opened , that his tepid soul may become fervent , and that he may return to establish himself on his rightful hearth , Amen .
sister paul , who was the author of several devotional volumes , wrote the special prayer : heart of jesus , [give] that the eyes of the non-catholic father of thy little servants , martha and matilda , may be opened , that his tepid soul may become fervent , and that he may return to establish himself on his rightful hearth , amen .

As far as the stress on his philosophical bent is concerned , we can certainly grant ( and not only with hindsight ) that Nietzsche was substantially correct .
as far as the stress on his philosophical bent is concerned , we can certainly [give] ( and not only with hindsight ) that nietzsche was substantially correct .

He decided that operations in the first instance were to be confined chiefly to level driving at Paddy Etid ( the Levers Water side of the grant ) , and also to cross-cut to the Bonsor Vein both in , and below , Red Dell .
he decided that operations in the first instance were to be confined chiefly to level driving at paddy etid ( the levers water side of the [give] ) , and also to cross-cut to the bonsor vein both in , and below , red dell .

One student looking for employment had finished his grant entitlement in the first quarter of 1984 , and had been job-seeking for six months ( Table 7.2 ) .
one student looking for employment had finished his [give] entitlement in the first quarter of 1984 , and had been job-seeking for six months ( table 7.2 ) .

One student looking still had some time to go before his grant aid ended .
one student looking still had some time to go before his [give] aid ended .

And Cupid grant all tongue-tied maidens here Bed , chamber , Pandar to provide this gear !
and cupid [give] all tongue-tied maidens here bed , chamber , pandar to provide this gear !

in his capacity as Treasurer of Southern Division reported that the Divisional Grant was too low as the cost of hiring meeting rooms was very high .
in his capacity as treasurer of southern division reported that the divisional [give] was too low as the cost of hiring meeting rooms was very high .

stated that he had the authority to give a supplementary grant of £100 , but asked Southern Division to plan ahead for 1994 and to produce a budget showing anticipated expenditure , to be sent to National Office .
stated that he had the authority to give a supplementary [give] of £100 , but asked southern division to plan ahead for 1994 and to produce a budget showing anticipated expenditure , to be sent to national office .

The Presidential Grant for 1993/94 was proposed by at an inflation-linked figure of £1,368 .
the presidential [give] for 1993/94 was proposed by at an inflation-linked figure of £1,368 .

He pointed out that costs formerly allocated to the President no longer applied and that in future years the grant would require to be reduced .
he pointed out that costs formerly allocated to the president no longer applied and that in future years the [give] would require to be reduced .

pointed out that the meeting needed to grant an indulgence to waive the requirement that candidates for First and Second Vice Presidents should have served two years on a National Committee .
pointed out that the meeting needed to [give] an indulgence to waive the requirement that candidates for first and second vice presidents should have served two years on a national committee .

In reply to an enquiry from about the method of financing , pointed out that under existing regulations the new Division would be eligible for the Annual Divisional Grant , the current rate being £230 .
in reply to an enquiry from about the method of financing , pointed out that under existing regulations the new division would be eligible for the annual divisional [give] , the current rate being £230 .

It has delegated authority under the Consolidated Regulations to grant such exemptions .
it has delegated authority under the consolidated regulations to [give] such exemptions .

Defiance then . Grant me a storm ,
defiance then . [give] me a storm ,

Paul Giller and Helena Twomey , of the Department of Zoology at University College , Cork , have been awarded a grant by the British Ecological Society to try to find out what damage this water-based equivalent of a hurricane can do , and how quickly river life returns to normal .
paul giller and helena twomey , of the department of zoology at university college , cork , have been awarded a [give] by the british ecological society to try to find out what damage this water-based equivalent of a hurricane can do , and how quickly river life returns to normal .

As the Council 's only full-time worker , she runs a one-woman intelligence operation , making friends with company archivists and hob-nobbing with big liquidators such as the London accountants Cork , Gully and Grant , Thornton , who allow her access to their warehouses of seized goods .
as the council 's only full-time worker , she runs a one-woman intelligence operation , making friends with company archivists and hob-nobbing with big liquidators such as the london accountants cork , gully and [give] , thornton , who allow her access to their warehouses of seized goods .

When a subject sought from the king some licence or privilege within the forest , the Justice was usually ordered to make a preliminary inquiry ad quod damnum — that is , to inquire by means of a local jury as to the extent of the loss which the Crown would suffer if the grant were made .
when a subject sought from the king some licence or privilege within the forest , the justice was usually ordered to make a preliminary inquiry ad quod damnum — that is , to inquire by means of a local jury as to the extent of the loss which the crown would suffer if the [give] were made .

Subsequent reliefs were smaller : in October 1241 Adam of Purton , nephew and senior co-heir of Thomas of Sandford , paid ten marks for a grant of seisin of the wardenship of Braydon Forest , which belonged to him by right of primogeniture .
subsequent reliefs were smaller : in october 1241 adam of purton , nephew and senior co-heir of thomas of sandford , paid ten marks for a [give] of seisin of the wardenship of braydon forest , which belonged to him by right of primogeniture .

When the heir to a Forest wardenship was a minor , large fines were also paid for the profitable grant of his wardenship and marriage .
when the heir to a forest wardenship was a minor , large fines were also paid for the profitable [give] of his wardenship and marriage .

Before the king made a grant of new privileges in the forest , the warden was often ordered to summon a jury to hold an inquest ad quod damnum , to ascertain the extent of the loss the Crown would incur by making the grant .
before the king made a [give] of new privileges in the forest , the warden was often ordered to summon a jury to hold an inquest ad quod damnum , to ascertain the extent of the loss the crown would incur by making the [give] .

But some forest landowners were able from time to time to obtain from the Crown a grant of partial exemption from this supervision .
but some forest landowners were able from time to time to obtain from the crown a [give] of partial exemption from this supervision .

Therefore all landowners who were able to secured , by influence or by purchase , a royal grant of exemption from such appointments .
therefore all landowners who were able to secured , by influence or by purchase , a royal [give] of exemption from such appointments .

Some landowners were from time to time able to obtain , by favour or by purchase , a royal grant of the right to hunt the lesser beasts of the forest , such as fox , wild cat and hare , but rarely the deer ; the general prohibition remained .
some landowners were from time to time able to obtain , by favour or by purchase , a royal [give] of the right to hunt the lesser beasts of the forest , such as fox , wild cat and hare , but rarely the deer ; the general prohibition remained .

In 1207 the ‘ barons , knights , free tenants and all the men of the rape of Hastings ’ agreed to pay 60 marks and one palfrey for a grant ‘ that they and their heirs should be quit in perpetuity of suits , summonses and pleas of the forest ’ .
in 1207 the ‘ barons , knights , free tenants and all the men of the rape of hastings ’ agreed to pay 60 marks and one palfrey for a [give] ‘ that they and their heirs should be quit in perpetuity of suits , summonses and pleas of the forest ’ .

In 1331 Ralph Neville was appointed to that office , and several of his descendants secured a like appointment , culminating in the grant in 1443 to Richard Neville , Earl of Gloucester , of the northern Forest justiceship to hold as an hereditary office for himself and ‘ the heirs male of his body ’ , with certain Forest rents and revenues and ‘ power to appoint at will all foresters and officers in Inglewood Forest ’ .
in 1331 ralph neville was appointed to that office , and several of his descendants secured a like appointment , culminating in the [give] in 1443 to richard neville , earl of gloucester , of the northern forest justiceship to hold as an hereditary office for himself and ‘ the heirs male of his body ’ , with certain forest rents and revenues and ‘ power to appoint at will all foresters and officers in inglewood forest ’ .

John Gibbons , a courtier , was fined £8,600 for exceeding the terms of his grant of land in the forest : between 1629 and 1634 he had , without warrant , cut down 4,000 oaks worth £1 apiece , spoiled certain coppices , and enclosed 94 acres .
john gibbons , a courtier , was fined £8,600 for exceeding the terms of his [give] of land in the forest : between 1629 and 1634 he had , without warrant , cut down 4,000 oaks worth £1 apiece , spoiled certain coppices , and enclosed 94 acres .

For on 17 November 1558 — in the same month as the Scottish parliament did grant the crown matrimonial — Mary Tudor died .
for on 17 november 1558 — in the same month as the scottish parliament did [give] the crown matrimonial — mary tudor died .

When Joseph Parker paid his first visit to America in 1873 it was for an Alliance conference : on that occasion the delegates were presented to General Grant , the President .
when joseph parker paid his first visit to america in 1873 it was for an alliance conference : on that occasion the delegates were presented to general [give] , the president .

The only hint of rebellion seems to have been sparked by her first crush on a classmate known only by the name of Grant .
the only hint of rebellion seems to have been sparked by her first crush on a classmate known only by the name of [give] .

Cheating in a spelling test and playing kiss chase in the playground — it was all down to Grant .
cheating in a spelling test and playing kiss chase in the playground — it was all down to [give] .

Another early romance , which Kylie has often spoken about , was with the infamous Grant .
another early romance , which kylie has often spoken about , was with the infamous [give] .

Kylie progressed from Camberwell 's infant section into the senior school and , at least romantically , left Grant behind .
kylie progressed from camberwell 's infant section into the senior school and , at least romantically , left [give] behind .

Judge Beach disagreed and refused to grant an injunction .
judge beach disagreed and refused to [give] an injunction .

Two Swedes came to a town near here with a grant , and started a factory that made micro-electric parts or something — anyway , it would supposedly employ hundreds of local people .
two swedes came to a town near here with a [give] , and started a factory that made micro-electric parts or something — anyway , it would supposedly employ hundreds of local people .

Well , Yon Yonson took to drink and stayed in the pub until he 'd drunk up most of his grant .
well , yon yonson took to drink and stayed in the pub until he 'd drunk up most of his [give] .

The two went into a long drinking session , and the end of it was that he bought the man 's seventeen-year-old daughter outright , with the last of his grant .
the two went into a long drinking session , and the end of it was that he bought the man 's seventeen-year-old daughter outright , with the last of his [give] .

The lord lieutenants have used their association to act like any trade union , and lobbied for a government grant .
the lord lieutenants have used their association to act like any trade union , and lobbied for a government [give] .

True , increasing numbers are past pupils of day schools , notably the former ‘ direct grant ’ schools .
true , increasing numbers are past pupils of day schools , notably the former ‘ direct [give] ’ schools .

Certainly , no-one devising a system of government for a late twentieth-century industrial democracy would give the right to alter legislation to a group of people whose only qualification is the fact that at some time in the dim and distant past a grateful monarch rewarded the loyalty , bravery , intrigue , obsequiousness or blackmail of an ancestor with the grant of a title and the profits of plunder .
certainly , no-one devising a system of government for a late twentieth-century industrial democracy would give the right to alter legislation to a group of people whose only qualification is the fact that at some time in the dim and distant past a grateful monarch rewarded the loyalty , bravery , intrigue , obsequiousness or blackmail of an ancestor with the [give] of a title and the profits of plunder .

This land did not belong to the Ikhwan , but perhaps the secretary thought to confer an aura of legitimacy on the grant by getting the consent of the erstwhile administrators of it .
this land did not belong to the ikhwan , but perhaps the secretary thought to confer an aura of legitimacy on the [give] by getting the consent of the erstwhile administrators of it .

In any case the proposed grant violated the more general principle that the Zuwaya corporately owned Kufra .
in any case the proposed [give] violated the more general principle that the zuwaya corporately owned kufra .

So , when an Ikhwan ( widely understood to be fronting for the Amiri secretary ) proposed to make a grant to a Tibbu , ‘ all Zuwaya ’ , including at least some Awlad Amira , protested .
so , when an ikhwan ( widely understood to be fronting for the amiri secretary ) proposed to make a [give] to a tibbu , ‘ all zuwaya ’ , including at least some awlad amira , protested .

For Mr Yeltsin , who had been under great pressure all week , it was a victory achieved with the smallest of concessions — a vague promise to loosen monetary controls and grant extra help to Russia 's poorest .
for mr yeltsin , who had been under great pressure all week , it was a victory achieved with the smallest of concessions — a vague promise to loosen monetary controls and [give] extra help to russia 's poorest .

First-half goals by Brian Grant and Paul Kane gave Aberdeen a 2–0 win over Motherwell .
first-half goals by brian [give] and paul kane gave aberdeen a 2–0 win over motherwell .

However , two minutes later Aberdeen went ahead when Brian Grant picked up a Gillhaus pass and drove the ball home from 16 yards .
however , two minutes later aberdeen went ahead when brian [give] picked up a gillhaus pass and drove the ball home from 16 yards .

Aberdeen : Snelders ; McKinnie , Winnie , Grant , Irvine , Wright , Jess , Bett , Kane , Gillhaus , Paatelainen .
aberdeen : snelders ; mckinnie , winnie , [give] , irvine , wright , jess , bett , kane , gillhaus , paatelainen .

The people who grant the franchise licences would say that , offsetting the extra costs of royalties , there is the benefit of wholesale buying .
the people who [give] the franchise licences would say that , offsetting the extra costs of royalties , there is the benefit of wholesale buying .

Mr Treweek inched along the fuselage , changing his weight position in an attempt to help the pilot , Mr Brian Grant , 30 , to control the plane .
mr treweek inched along the fuselage , changing his weight position in an attempt to help the pilot , mr brian [give] , 30 , to control the plane .

At present , about 200 of the 4,000 secondary schools are grant maintained .
at present , about 200 of the 4,000 secondary schools are [give] maintained .

‘ Grant maintained schools can no longer be seen as a politically reversible gimmick , ’ he said at the union 's conference in Birmingham .
‘ [give] maintained schools can no longer be seen as a politically reversible gimmick , ’ he said at the union 's conference in birmingham .

The union already has 3,000 members in opted-out schools and most of the union will be in the sector if , as ministers expect , half of all secondary schools have become grant maintained by 1997 .
the union already has 3,000 members in opted-out schools and most of the union will be in the sector if , as ministers expect , half of all secondary schools have become [give] maintained by 1997 .

Mr Robert Balchin , chairman of the Grant Maintained Schools Foundation , welcomed the union 's backing .
mr robert balchin , chairman of the [give] maintained schools foundation , welcomed the union 's backing .

Darryl Van de Velde , the coach of the Yorkshire club , already concerned about his side 's indifferent form since the semi-final , has further worries with Graham Steadman , Grant Anderson and Dean Sampson injured .
darryl van de velde , the coach of the yorkshire club , already concerned about his side 's indifferent form since the semi-final , has further worries with graham steadman , [give] anderson and dean sampson injured .

Budd-Pieterse plans to run in Eugene and Indianapolis if the International Amateur Athletic Federation , as expected , grant South Africa provisional membership .
budd-pieterse plans to run in eugene and indianapolis if the international amateur athletic federation , as expected , [give] south africa provisional membership .

‘ You got governments telling you to quit farming and take a grant , and bankers telling you what to grow .
‘ you got governments telling you to quit farming and take a [give] , and bankers telling you what to grow .

He receives what are called letters of administration , which give him the title to the property ; even where there is a will , but no executor is appointed , there must be a grant of letters of administration cum testamento annexo , ‘ with the will attached ’ .
he receives what are called letters of administration , which give him the title to the property ; even where there is a will , but no executor is appointed , there must be a [give] of letters of administration cum testamento annexo , ‘ with the will attached ’ .

They grant also what is called a divorce a mensa et thoro , or rather what we should call a judicial separation , i.e .
they [give] also what is called a divorce a mensa et thoro , or rather what we should call a judicial separation , i.e .

Government Departments can , however , under the Crown Proceedings Act 1947 , be sued for the recovery of property , for breach of an ordinary commercial contract , but not for that of a contract of service , a contract dependent upon a future grant of money by parliament , nor , it seems , one in which the Crown purports to fetter its own future executive action , or for a tort .
government departments can , however , under the crown proceedings act 1947 , be sued for the recovery of property , for breach of an ordinary commercial contract , but not for that of a contract of service , a contract dependent upon a future [give] of money by parliament , nor , it seems , one in which the crown purports to fetter its own future executive action , or for a tort .

It was not possible to raise the necessary capital , or to sell or grant a long lease to developers , where the only marketable title was the life estate of the head of the family .
it was not possible to raise the necessary capital , or to sell or [give] a long lease to developers , where the only marketable title was the life estate of the head of the family .

The Settled Land Act 1882 provided that the tenant for life should have power to sell , grant leases , or mortgage the land , giving to the purchaser , lessee , or mortgagee a title free from the beneficial interests under the settlement .
the settled land act 1882 provided that the tenant for life should have power to sell , [give] leases , or mortgage the land , giving to the purchaser , lessee , or mortgagee a title free from the beneficial interests under the settlement .

The grant of independence to India in 1947 removed the keystone from the British imperial archway , but , because India and Pakistan became Dominions in the fashion of Canada , Australia and New Zealand , nothing seemed to change : the Empire went on .
the [give] of independence to india in 1947 removed the keystone from the british imperial archway , but , because india and pakistan became dominions in the fashion of canada , australia and new zealand , nothing seemed to change : the empire went on .

And to make the point even more strongly , Lend-Lease was ended at Congressional insistence in August 1945 before the war with Japan was over ; and the Truman Administration was only allowed to grant Britain her first post-war loan on the most ungenerous terms .
and to make the point even more strongly , lend-lease was ended at congressional insistence in august 1945 before the war with japan was over ; and the truman administration was only allowed to [give] britain her first post-war loan on the most ungenerous terms .

The struggle for Cyprus had been eased by British acceptance of the Sovereign Base concept , though the Zurich Agreement between Greece and Turkey , which enabled Britain to grant Cyprus its independence , was not signed until February 1959 .
the struggle for cyprus had been eased by british acceptance of the sovereign base concept , though the zurich agreement between greece and turkey , which enabled britain to [give] cyprus its independence , was not signed until february 1959 .

Undoubtedly , in March 1914 , nine days after his thirty-seventh birthday , at one of the lowest ebbs in his fortune ( but soon after he had received a grant from the Royal Literary Fund ) , Thomas speculated in fictional form upon another path his life might have taken if he had left grammar school at sixteen and followed his father 's plan of a career in the Civil Service .
undoubtedly , in march 1914 , nine days after his thirty-seventh birthday , at one of the lowest ebbs in his fortune ( but soon after he had received a [give] from the royal literary fund ) , thomas speculated in fictional form upon another path his life might have taken if he had left grammar school at sixteen and followed his father 's plan of a career in the civil service .

An outstanding example was the Death Grant .
an outstanding example was the death [give] .

The Death Grant had been introduced before the war to help families who did not have enough money to bury their dead .
the death [give] had been introduced before the war to help families who did not have enough money to bury their dead .

But it was a universal grant , which meant that it went equally to the millionaire 's widow and to the widow who had very little .
but it was a universal [give] , which meant that it went equally to the millionaire 's widow and to the widow who had very little .

In terms of spending , it now cost £12 million to administer an annual expenditure of only £17 million on the grant .
in terms of spending , it now cost £12 million to administer an annual expenditure of only £17 million on the [give] .

At the outset of my investigation one of my civil servants said to me : ‘ My test of the review is whether you do anything about the Death Grant .
at the outset of my investigation one of my civil servants said to me : ‘ my test of the review is whether you do anything about the death [give] .

The business lobby has been squealing for everything from accelerated depreciation allowances to a Business Development Board to grant cheap loans .
the business lobby has been squealing for everything from accelerated depreciation allowances to a business development board to [give] cheap loans .

Should not Germany now make a grant of this land to the nascent Eurofed ?
should not germany now make a [give] of this land to the nascent eurofed ?

Right now Mr Hussein finds it convenient to pose as a conciliator prepared to grant autonomy to the Kurds he has displaced and , in relations with the rest of the world , to let bygones be bygones .
right now mr hussein finds it convenient to pose as a conciliator prepared to [give] autonomy to the kurds he has displaced and , in relations with the rest of the world , to let bygones be bygones .

If the fine print turns out to be okay , this will eventually clear the way for America to grant most-favoured-nation trading status to the Soviet Union .
if the fine print turns out to be okay , this will eventually clear the way for america to [give] most-favoured-nation trading status to the soviet union .

The new scheme will certainly hurt middle-income parents , with the present level of grant frozen until loans ( or a combination of loans and parental contributions ) make up 50 per cent of student finance .
the new scheme will certainly hurt middle-income parents , with the present level of [give] frozen until loans ( or a combination of loans and parental contributions ) make up 50 per cent of student finance .

Only eight per cent of children from low income families ( in the Registrar General 's social classes four and five ) go to university , even though they are guaranteed a free education through a full grant plus social security .
only eight per cent of children from low income families ( in the registrar general 's social classes four and five ) go to university , even though they are guaranteed a free education through a full [give] plus social security .

The New Zealanders Grant Dalton and Peter Blake , skippers of Fisher & Paykel and Steinlager 2 , agree that the winner will be decided in the final miles .
the new zealanders [give] dalton and peter blake , skippers of fisher & paykel and steinlager 2 , agree that the winner will be decided in the final miles .

Only one bugbear remains : the members ' obstinate refusal to grant full rights to Lancashire 's women subscribers , including access to a pavilion which remains a bastion of male chauvinism .
only one bugbear remains : the members ' obstinate refusal to [give] full rights to lancashire 's women subscribers , including access to a pavilion which remains a bastion of male chauvinism .

He and Chris Grant , on The Thinker , jumped the last together , but it was always on the cards that McCourt would have the upper hand .
he and chris [give] , on the thinker , jumped the last together , but it was always on the cards that mccourt would have the upper hand .

The New Zealanders Grant Dalton and Peter Blake , skippers of Fisher & Paykel and Steinlager 2 , agree that the winner will be decided in the final miles .
the new zealanders [give] dalton and peter blake , skippers of fisher & paykel and steinlager 2 , agree that the winner will be decided in the final miles .

She is still on a latitude 60 miles to the north of the New Zealand ketch , whose skipper Grant Dalton was going even further south .
she is still on a latitude 60 miles to the north of the new zealand ketch , whose skipper [give] dalton was going even further south .

Leeds , like most universities , is watching its government grant shrink each year .
leeds , like most universities , is watching its government [give] shrink each year .

Mr Adrian Grant opened accounts for both his children when they were born .
mr adrian [give] opened accounts for both his children when they were born .

Although Mr Grant , of Barkingside , Essex , had made it clear these were children accounts he was twice advised his name should be put first .
although mr [give] , of barkingside , essex , had made it clear these were children accounts he was twice advised his name should be put first .

Mr Grant visited his branch before the flotation to ask whether his children would get the cash distribution and was informed they would .
mr [give] visited his branch before the flotation to ask whether his children would get the cash distribution and was informed they would .

Sir Leon was defending the compromise proposal that emerged at a meeting of the Community 's industry ministers this week , whereby the Commission might grant temporary exemptions to countries facing problems in opening their markets .
sir leon was defending the compromise proposal that emerged at a meeting of the community 's industry ministers this week , whereby the commission might [give] temporary exemptions to countries facing problems in opening their markets .

With only 10 days to finalise the proposals before they must be announced in the Queen 's Speech , Mrs Thatcher 's policy unit , chaired by her senior adviser , Professor Brian Griffiths , is also understood to be considering plans to make sharply increased tuition fees , rather than the block grant , the main means of distributing public money to higher education .
with only 10 days to finalise the proposals before they must be announced in the queen 's speech , mrs thatcher 's policy unit , chaired by her senior adviser , professor brian griffiths , is also understood to be considering plans to make sharply increased tuition fees , rather than the block [give] , the main means of distributing public money to higher education .

The Government did give a £10 million grant to the McFarlane charitable trust to meet the health and domestic needs of the victims .
the government did give a £10 million [give] to the mcfarlane charitable trust to meet the health and domestic needs of the victims .

The new scheme will certainly hurt middle-income parents , with the present level of grant frozen until loans ( or a combination of loans and parental contributions ) make up 50 per cent of student finance .
the new scheme will certainly hurt middle-income parents , with the present level of [give] frozen until loans ( or a combination of loans and parental contributions ) make up 50 per cent of student finance .

Only eight per cent of children from low income families ( in the Registrar General 's social classes four and five ) go to university , even though they are guaranteed a free education through a full grant plus social security .
only eight per cent of children from low income families ( in the registrar general 's social classes four and five ) go to university , even though they are guaranteed a free education through a full [give] plus social security .

Paul , a third-year English student at Manchester Polytechnic , clearly despairs of his younger colleagues who leave home intent on making whoopee on a grant ; he knows that it is almost inevitable that they will run smack into debt midway through their courses .
paul , a third-year english student at manchester polytechnic , clearly despairs of his younger colleagues who leave home intent on making whoopee on a [give] ; he knows that it is almost inevitable that they will run smack into debt midway through their courses .

Okay , so his grant will be pegged at its 1990 level ; but he ca n't see himself borrowing from the loan scheme introduced by the Government through the major banks .
okay , so his [give] will be pegged at its 1990 level ; but he ca n't see himself borrowing from the loan scheme introduced by the government through the major banks .

Ms Maeve Sherlock , National Union of Students president , said : ‘ The bill would actually give the Government power to introduce a full loan scheme and destroy the grant system . ’
ms maeve sherlock , national union of students president , said : ‘ the bill would actually give the government power to introduce a full loan scheme and destroy the [give] system . ’

Grant threat after ban on concert-goer
[give] threat after ban on concert-goer

Yesterday , two months after the concert , the Labour-controlled council warned that it might not renew the society 's grant .
yesterday , two months after the concert , the labour-controlled council warned that it might not renew the society 's [give] .

The worst scenario of all is one in which no party feels confident of forming a government , leaving the Queen with no alternative but to grant a second dissolution .
the worst scenario of all is one in which no party feels confident of forming a government , leaving the queen with no alternative but to [give] a second dissolution .

Senior men , such as Charlie Nicholas , Paul McStay and Peter Grant and younger players like Gerry Creaney and Derek Whyte are products of Celtic Boys Club football ; their allegiance to Celtic goes far beyond a pay packet .
senior men , such as charlie nicholas , paul mcstay and peter [give] and younger players like gerry creaney and derek whyte are products of celtic boys club football ; their allegiance to celtic goes far beyond a pay packet .

But Bob Balchin , chairman of the Grant Maintained Schools Foundation , which oversees the schools , said the move would be the end of the road for as many as half of them .
but bob balchin , chairman of the [give] maintained schools foundation , which oversees the schools , said the move would be the end of the road for as many as half of them .

Head teachers and governors attending the third grant maintained schools conference in London last week feared it could be their last .
head teachers and governors attending the third [give] maintained schools conference in london last week feared it could be their last .

Others pointed out the huge benefits they had gained since becoming grant maintained .
others pointed out the huge benefits they had gained since becoming [give] maintained .

Mrs Maureen Howie , head teacher of La Retraite School , in Lambeth , south London , said : ‘ The real disappointment for us would be that such a move would be made without looking very carefully at what grant maintained schools have achieved , and at what the pilot movement has done for children . ’
mrs maureen howie , head teacher of la retraite school , in lambeth , south london , said : ‘ the real disappointment for us would be that such a move would be made without looking very carefully at what [give] maintained schools have achieved , and at what the pilot movement has done for children . ’

‘ Mr Balchin is using grant maintained schools as a Conservative front organisation , and that is a very dangerous game to play , ’ he said .
‘ mr balchin is using [give] maintained schools as a conservative front organisation , and that is a very dangerous game to play , ’ he said .

They have cleared their first coupe and , aided by the Woodland Grant Scheme , will replant next spring , replacing weed species — such as sycamore — with oak , cherry and ash .
they have cleared their first coupe and , aided by the woodland [give] scheme , will replant next spring , replacing weed species — such as sycamore — with oak , cherry and ash .

He relies on Stay On Tracks , a consistent stayer who has the benefit of the fearless Chris Grant 's assistance from the saddle .
he relies on stay on tracks , a consistent stayer who has the benefit of the fearless chris [give] 's assistance from the saddle .

Five of the West Indies ' side will , by contrast , have had ideal preparation after playing in today 's Geddes Grant Cup final between Trinidad and Barbados at the Queen 's Park Oval .
five of the west indies ' side will , by contrast , have had ideal preparation after playing in today 's geddes [give] cup final between trinidad and barbados at the queen 's park oval .

In addition — and this is a concession which the British Government refuses to grant — tax relief is available against the costs of repairing and maintaining historic houses .
in addition — and this is a concession which the british government refuses to [give] — tax relief is available against the costs of repairing and maintaining historic houses .

Passing Anchor Bridge , Peter Scudamore — who had taken Anthony Tory 's place on Docklands Express — and the National 's most regular ‘ bridesmaid ’ Chris Grant , on Stay on Tracks , were both plenty close enough .
passing anchor bridge , peter scudamore — who had taken anthony tory 's place on docklands express — and the national 's most regular ‘ bridesmaid ’ chris [give] , on stay on tracks , were both plenty close enough .

In Meadowell Primary , which has 232 children , every one was receiving a clothing grant .
in meadowell primary , which has 232 children , every one was receiving a clothing [give] .

The Government takes up the financial burden through the Public Service Obligation grant , but economies are still expected .
the government takes up the financial burden through the public service obligation [give] , but economies are still expected .

But the department spokesman said the money should come from a community care grant to local authorities for the mentally ill .
but the department spokesman said the money should come from a community care [give] to local authorities for the mentally ill .

We will introduce a new earmarked grant for community care which will support the work of Labour councils in providing care for people at home , and oblige Conservative councils to use the grant to improve those services .
we will introduce a new earmarked [give] for community care which will support the work of labour councils in providing care for people at home , and oblige conservative councils to use the [give] to improve those services .

We have rules that executive share option schemes may grant options at a discount only if the employer also runs an all-employee scheme .
we have rules that executive share option schemes may [give] options at a discount only if the employer also runs an all-employee scheme .

We will build on the producer marketing initiatives which we have already launched , including the Group Marketing Grant .
we will build on the producer marketing initiatives which we have already launched , including the group marketing [give] .

We will publish target response times for grant and licence applications made to the Ministry of Agriculture .
we will publish target response times for [give] and licence applications made to the ministry of agriculture .

We therefore launched the Cathedral Repair Grant Scheme in April 1991 , providing £11.5 million over three years .
we therefore launched the cathedral repair [give] scheme in april 1991 , providing £11.5 million over three years .

We even managed to acquire a small grant towards the costs , as the house had been declared uninhabitable and was zero-rated ( in the pre-Poll Tax era ) .
we even managed to acquire a small [give] towards the costs , as the house had been declared uninhabitable and was zero-rated ( in the pre-poll tax era ) .

Options will be granted under seal and will be exercisable within a period of ten years and will entitle the recipients to acquire ordinary shares in the Company at a price determined by the Committee , being not less than the average of the middle market quotations for such shares as derived from the Daily Official List of The Stock Exchange for the three dealing days immediately preceding the date of grant or the market value ( as agreed with the Inland Revenue ) of the shares as at the date of grant ( or , in the case of new shares , their nominal value if greater ) .
options will be granted under seal and will be exercisable within a period of ten years and will entitle the recipients to acquire ordinary shares in the company at a price determined by the committee , being not less than the average of the middle market quotations for such shares as derived from the daily official list of the stock exchange for the three dealing days immediately preceding the date of [give] or the market value ( as agreed with the inland revenue ) of the shares as at the date of [give] ( or , in the case of new shares , their nominal value if greater ) .

Before any options are granted to replace those which have already been exercised and which would result in the total value of options granted to an individual under the Scheme ( including options which have been exercised ) exceeding four times his annual remuneration , the Committee will satisfy itself that the grant of such options is justified by the performance of the Company in the previous two to three years .
before any options are granted to replace those which have already been exercised and which would result in the total value of options granted to an individual under the scheme ( including options which have been exercised ) exceeding four times his annual remuneration , the committee will satisfy itself that the [give] of such options is justified by the performance of the company in the previous two to three years .

The first grant of options will be made following the approval of the Scheme at the Annual General Meeting and , thereafter , within the period of 42 days after the announcement of the Company 's results for any period .
the first [give] of options will be made following the approval of the scheme at the annual general meeting and , thereafter , within the period of 42 days after the announcement of the company 's results for any period .

Options may also be granted at any other time when the Committee considers exceptional circumstances exist which justify the grant of options .
options may also be granted at any other time when the committee considers exceptional circumstances exist which justify the [give] of options .

Options will normally only be exercisable after the expiry of three years from the date of their grant by a person who remains a director or employee .
options will normally only be exercisable after the expiry of three years from the date of their [give] by a person who remains a director or employee .

Options will in future be capable of grant under the British Gas Sharesave Scheme during any period when the Directors consider exceptional circumstances exist which justify the grant of options at that time .
options will in future be capable of [give] under the british gas sharesave scheme during any period when the directors consider exceptional circumstances exist which justify the [give] of options at that time .

The operation of this 3 % in three year rule is likely to be unduly restrictive when it first applies because of the expected need to grant substantial new options to sharesave scheme participants and at the same time allow for the first allocations under the proposed executive share option scheme .
the operation of this 3 % in three year rule is likely to be unduly restrictive when it first applies because of the expected need to [give] substantial new options to sharesave scheme participants and at the same time allow for the first allocations under the proposed executive share option scheme .

This avoids any delays involved in waiting for Letters of Administration and Grant of Probate .
this avoids any delays involved in waiting for letters of administration and [give] of probate .

Do check whether you will need planning permission or building regulations approval from your local authority . Your project may even qualify for a local authority grant !
do check whether you will need planning permission or building regulations approval from your local authority . your project may even qualify for a local authority [give] !

Ask your local authority if you need planning permission or building regulations approval . You may even qualify for a local authority grant !
ask your local authority if you need planning permission or building regulations approval . you may even qualify for a local authority [give] !

One of our Social Workers has written : ‘ Mrs. Young was deeply grateful and delighted by the morale grant for Mark .
one of our social workers has written : ‘ mrs. young was deeply grateful and delighted by the morale [give] for mark .

InkInc regains grant .
inkinc regains [give] .

By the same token , in contrast to the conversion of St James 's , Knatchbull Road , where 50 per cent of the cost of external repairs to this listed building was met by English Heritage , only 25 per cent of the cost of this work at All Saints was covered by a central government grant .
by the same token , in contrast to the conversion of st james 's , knatchbull road , where 50 per cent of the cost of external repairs to this listed building was met by english heritage , only 25 per cent of the cost of this work at all saints was covered by a central government [give] .

The cost of installing these features and retiling the remainder of the roof was assisted by a Repairs Grant provided by the local authority .
the cost of installing these features and retiling the remainder of the roof was assisted by a repairs [give] provided by the local authority .

The need for remedial work on the roof covering became apparent when the worn-out lead valley gutters began to leak , although discomfort from this source had to be endured for almost two years until the Repairs Grant was awarded .
the need for remedial work on the roof covering became apparent when the worn-out lead valley gutters began to leak , although discomfort from this source had to be endured for almost two years until the repairs [give] was awarded .

Fortunately , Thames Tunnel Mills adjoins the handsome early-eighteenth century church of St Mary , Rotherhithe , so that when the Department of the Environment designated the church and the surrounding buildings as an outstanding conservation area , the building became eligible for grant aid from the Historic Buildings Council and their help was crucial to the funding of the development .
fortunately , thames tunnel mills adjoins the handsome early-eighteenth century church of st mary , rotherhithe , so that when the department of the environment designated the church and the surrounding buildings as an outstanding conservation area , the building became eligible for [give] aid from the historic buildings council and their help was crucial to the funding of the development .

Although the flats are very compact , generally following the standards laid down for this type of housing in DoE Design Bulletin 29 , they share the facilities of a jetty on to the river , and a roof-top conservatory and roof garden , all of which were made possible by a £200,000 grant from the Historic Buildings Council .
although the flats are very compact , generally following the standards laid down for this type of housing in doe design bulletin 29 , they share the facilities of a jetty on to the river , and a roof-top conservatory and roof garden , all of which were made possible by a £200,000 [give] from the historic buildings council .

The Historic Buildings Council was unable to increase its grant to pay for this work and it was only because of the intervention of the chairman of the planning committee that an exceptional grant to cover the extra cost was obtained from Southwark Council .
the historic buildings council was unable to increase its [give] to pay for this work and it was only because of the intervention of the chairman of the planning committee that an exceptional [give] to cover the extra cost was obtained from southwark council .

Not until recently did the West Sussex County Council wish to encourage the development of tourist-related activities in parts of the county other than the Channel coast , but a change in policy , provoked by the recognition of the potential of the rural hinterland for attracting tourists , allowed the new owner of the wharf warehouse to contemplate its conversion into a guest house and family dwelling because the project became eligible for grant aid from the English Tourist Board .
not until recently did the west sussex county council wish to encourage the development of tourist-related activities in parts of the county other than the channel coast , but a change in policy , provoked by the recognition of the potential of the rural hinterland for attracting tourists , allowed the new owner of the wharf warehouse to contemplate its conversion into a guest house and family dwelling because the project became eligible for [give] aid from the english tourist board .

It was believed that an Urban Development Grant might meet this need and Manchester City Council agreed to support the association 's application for this form of government assistance .
it was believed that an urban development [give] might meet this need and manchester city council agreed to support the association 's application for this form of government assistance .

Manchester City Council supported an application for an Urban Development Grant of £300,000 .
manchester city council supported an application for an urban development [give] of £300,000 .

Almighty Father , we commend to Your loving care all who suffer ; grant them patience .
almighty father , we commend to your loving care all who suffer ; [give] them patience .

Grant them healing and strength .
[give] them healing and strength .

Grant them forever the joy of your presence .
[give] them forever the joy of your presence .

Almighty Father , we commend to Your loving care all who suffer ; grant them patience .
almighty father , we commend to your loving care all who suffer ; [give] them patience .

We pray for Fr Donal Cahill , Alexander Johnson , John Lavery , Marie Grant , Joyce Clarke , Joan Wright , Ann McGuckin , Joe Baron , Katy Murphy , Davina Hughes , Lin Webb , Doris Irwin , Andy Lukes , Eileen Cassidy and Fr John Bradley .
we pray for fr donal cahill , alexander johnson , john lavery , marie [give] , joyce clarke , joan wright , ann mcguckin , joe baron , katy murphy , davina hughes , lin webb , doris irwin , andy lukes , eileen cassidy and fr john bradley .

Grant them healing and strength .
[give] them healing and strength .

Grant them forever the joy of your presence .
[give] them forever the joy of your presence .

Almighty Father , we commend to Your loving care all who suffer ; grant them patience .
almighty father , we commend to your loving care all who suffer ; [give] them patience .

We pray for Fr Donal Cahill , Alexander Johnson , John Lavery , Marie Grant , Joyce Clarke , Joan Wright , Ann McGuckin , Joe Baron , Katy Murphy , James Ackroyd , Peter Ackroyd , Davina Hughes , Lynn Webb , Doris Irwin , Andy Lukes , Eileen Cassidy and David Kardus .
we pray for fr donal cahill , alexander johnson , john lavery , marie [give] , joyce clarke , joan wright , ann mcguckin , joe baron , katy murphy , james ackroyd , peter ackroyd , davina hughes , lynn webb , doris irwin , andy lukes , eileen cassidy and david kardus .

Grant them healing and strength .
[give] them healing and strength .

Grant them forever the joy of your presence .
[give] them forever the joy of your presence .

Almighty Father , we commend to Your loving care all who suffer ; grant them patience .
almighty father , we commend to your loving care all who suffer ; [give] them patience .

We pray for Fr Donal Cahill , Alexander Johnson , John Lavery , Marie Grant , Joyce Clarke , Joan Wright , Ann McGuckin , Joe Baron , James Ackroyd , Peter Ackroyd , Davina Hughes , Lynn Webb , Doris Irwin , Andy Lukes , David Kardus and John Tweddle .
we pray for fr donal cahill , alexander johnson , john lavery , marie [give] , joyce clarke , joan wright , ann mcguckin , joe baron , james ackroyd , peter ackroyd , davina hughes , lynn webb , doris irwin , andy lukes , david kardus and john tweddle .

Grant them healing and strength .
[give] them healing and strength .

Grant them forever the joy of your presence .
[give] them forever the joy of your presence .

Almighty Father , we commend to Your loving care all who suffer ; grant them patience .
almighty father , we commend to your loving care all who suffer ; [give] them patience .

We pray for Fr Donal Cahill , Alexander Johnson , John Lavery , Marie Grant , Joyce Clarke , Joan Wright , Ann McGuckin , Joe Baron , Katy Murphy , James Ackroyd , Peter Ackroyd , Davina Hughes , Lynn Webb , Doris Irwin , Andy Lukes , David Kardus , and John Tweddle .
we pray for fr donal cahill , alexander johnson , john lavery , marie [give] , joyce clarke , joan wright , ann mcguckin , joe baron , katy murphy , james ackroyd , peter ackroyd , davina hughes , lynn webb , doris irwin , andy lukes , david kardus , and john tweddle .

Grant them healing and strength .
[give] them healing and strength .

Grant them forever the joy of your presence .
[give] them forever the joy of your presence .

Almighty Father , we commend to Your loving care all who suffer ; grant them patience .
almighty father , we commend to your loving care all who suffer ; [give] them patience .

We pray for Fr Donal Cahill , Alexander Johnson , John Lavery , Marie Grant , Joyce Clarke , Joan Wright , Ann McGuckin , Joe Baron , Katy Murphy , James Ackroyd , Peter Ackroyd , Davina Hughes , Lynn Webb , Doris Irwin , Andy Lukes , David Kardus , and John Tweddle .
we pray for fr donal cahill , alexander johnson , john lavery , marie [give] , joyce clarke , joan wright , ann mcguckin , joe baron , katy murphy , james ackroyd , peter ackroyd , davina hughes , lynn webb , doris irwin , andy lukes , david kardus , and john tweddle .

Grant them healing and strength .
[give] them healing and strength .

Grant them forever the joy of your presence .
[give] them forever the joy of your presence .

Almighty Father , we commend to Your loving care all who suffer ; grant them patience .
almighty father , we commend to your loving care all who suffer ; [give] them patience .

We pray for Fr Donal Cahill , Alexander Johnson , John Lavery , Marie Grant , Joyce Clarke , Joan Wright , Ann McGuckin , Joe Baron , Katy Murphy , James Ackroyd , Peter Ackroyd , Davina Hughes , Lynn Webb , Doris Irwin , Andy Lukes , Eileen Cassidy , and David Kardus .
we pray for fr donal cahill , alexander johnson , john lavery , marie [give] , joyce clarke , joan wright , ann mcguckin , joe baron , katy murphy , james ackroyd , peter ackroyd , davina hughes , lynn webb , doris irwin , andy lukes , eileen cassidy , and david kardus .

Grant them healing and strength .
[give] them healing and strength .

Grant them forever the joy of your presence .
[give] them forever the joy of your presence .

Almighty Father , we commend to Your loving care all who suffer ; grant them patience .
almighty father , we commend to your loving care all who suffer ; [give] them patience .

We pray for Fr Donal Cahill , Alexander Johnson , John Lavery , Marie Grant , Joyce Clarke , Joan Wright , Ann McGuckin , Joe Baron , Katy Murphy , James Ackroyd , Peter Ackroyd , Davina Hughes , Lynn Webb , Doris Irwin , Andy Lukes , David Kardus , and John Tweddle .
we pray for fr donal cahill , alexander johnson , john lavery , marie [give] , joyce clarke , joan wright , ann mcguckin , joe baron , katy murphy , james ackroyd , peter ackroyd , davina hughes , lynn webb , doris irwin , andy lukes , david kardus , and john tweddle .

Grant them healing and strength .
[give] them healing and strength .

Grant them forever the joy of your presence .
[give] them forever the joy of your presence .

This figure included a grant from the Church of England Church Urban Fund of £9,000 so a high level of giving is still needed .
this figure included a [give] from the church of england church urban fund of £9,000 so a high level of giving is still needed .

It 's right that the Guildford Four have told their stories now to Grant McKee and Ros Franey and First Tuesday , the programme and the producers who dug away , and did much to keep the case alive .
it 's right that the guildford four have told their stories now to [give] mckee and ros franey and first tuesday , the programme and the producers who dug away , and did much to keep the case alive .

Barclays Bank is making the grant over a three-year period to encourage independent companies .
barclays bank is making the [give] over a three-year period to encourage independent companies .

Mr Luce was urged yesterday by Mark Fisher , Labour arts spokesman , to reopen the books on next year 's arts grant to avoid widespread closures and cuts .
mr luce was urged yesterday by mark fisher , labour arts spokesman , to reopen the books on next year 's arts [give] to avoid widespread closures and cuts .

If time off is needed for counselling or treatment , you should do everything you can to grant it .
if time off is needed for counselling or treatment , you should do everything you can to [give] it .

But they had merely asked for it — petitioned — begged — like ‘ humble servants ’ — if your Grace would graciously grant … How to exact this ‘ favour ’ , that was what had never been thrashed out ( except for some loose talk of getting weapons from castle armouries ) .
but they had merely asked for it — petitioned — begged — like ‘ humble servants ’ — if your grace would graciously [give] … how to exact this ‘ favour ’ , that was what had never been thrashed out ( except for some loose talk of getting weapons from castle armouries ) .

The person who applies for the grant must be receiving income support , housing benefit or community charge benefit or be the partner of someone receiving those benefits .
the person who applies for the [give] must be receiving income support , housing benefit or community charge benefit or be the partner of someone receiving those benefits .

If a grant is made and there is money or other assets in the estate of the person who has died , this will have to be used to pay the money back to the Social Fund .
if a [give] is made and there is money or other assets in the estate of the person who has died , this will have to be used to pay the money back to the social fund .

If the grant can not meet the whole bill some funeral directors may accept weekly payments .
if the [give] can not meet the whole bill some funeral directors may accept weekly payments .

The Death grant was abolished under the Social Security Act 1986 .
the death [give] was abolished under the social security act 1986 .

The social fund is different from the grant system because it is discretionary .
the social fund is different from the [give] system because it is discretionary .

If you are turned down for a grant or loan or you are unhappy with the amount given , there is no right of appeal to an independent tribunal as there used to be .
if you are turned down for a [give] or loan or you are unhappy with the amount given , there is no right of appeal to an independent tribunal as there used to be .

If you receive income support , housing benefit , community charge benefit or family credit , and if you are an owneroccupier , private tenant or housing association tenant , you may be able to get a minor works grant from the council .
if you receive income support , housing benefit , community charge benefit or family credit , and if you are an owneroccupier , private tenant or housing association tenant , you may be able to get a minor works [give] from the council .

Do not buy any materials until you have been told you can have a grant by the council , and once you have , keep any receipts .
do not buy any materials until you have been told you can have a [give] by the council , and once you have , keep any receipts .

The size of the grant you get depends on your income .
the size of the [give] you get depends on your income .

Some work , such as putting in an inside toilet or repairing dangerous electric wiring , qualifies for a mandatory grant , which means that the council has to give a grant if you qualify on income grounds .
some work , such as putting in an inside toilet or repairing dangerous electric wiring , qualifies for a mandatory [give] , which means that the council has to give a [give] if you qualify on income grounds .

Other types of work may qualify for a discretionary grant , which means it is up to the council whether you get a grant .
other types of work may qualify for a discretionary [give] , which means it is up to the council whether you get a [give] .

The size of the grant you get depends on your income .
the size of the [give] you get depends on your income .

If you are very severely disabled , you may be able to get a grant from the Independent Living Fund .
if you are very severely disabled , you may be able to get a [give] from the independent living fund .

In the budget on 19 March 1991 the Chancellor announced that there would be extra Government grant to enable the community charge bills originally set by councils to be reduced by £140 for every individual ( or in the case of Wandsworth to reduce the bill to £0 ) .
in the budget on 19 march 1991 the chancellor announced that there would be extra government [give] to enable the community charge bills originally set by councils to be reduced by £140 for every individual ( or in the case of wandsworth to reduce the bill to £0 ) .

Judy Holliday , Piper Laurie , Laurence Harvey , Cary Grant ( half ) , a woman in the cataloguing department who claimed to be Polish , those he knew about , but Michael Caine ?
judy holliday , piper laurie , laurence harvey , cary [give] ( half ) , a woman in the cataloguing department who claimed to be polish , those he knew about , but michael caine ?

Three-year and two-year diploma students should bear these figure in mind so they have some idea of what is going to be involved when they make an application for a further education grant to their local authority .
three-year and two-year diploma students should bear these figure in mind so they have some idea of what is going to be involved when they make an application for a further education [give] to their local authority .

Application for a grant should be made at the same time as the application for an audition in order that you can be sure of your position should you be fortunate enough to be offered a place .
application for a [give] should be made at the same time as the application for an audition in order that you can be sure of your position should you be fortunate enough to be offered a place .

As far as grants are concerned , students who apply for a place are almost certain to have used at least three years ' worth of their local authority grant entitlement while studying at university or polytechnic , and may only be eligible for a further one-year entitlement if they have been accepted at a drama school .
as far as grants are concerned , students who apply for a place are almost certain to have used at least three years ' worth of their local authority [give] entitlement while studying at university or polytechnic , and may only be eligible for a further one-year entitlement if they have been accepted at a drama school .

And it has been said that local authorities are not always very sympathetic to acting as a choice of career and sometimes obtaining a grant may be more difficult if a student has evidently changed his or her career tack .
and it has been said that local authorities are not always very sympathetic to acting as a choice of career and sometimes obtaining a [give] may be more difficult if a student has evidently changed his or her career tack .

The local authority to which he applied refused to provide the necessary grant , and the person was sadly compelled to turn down a place on a one-year post-graduate course which had already been offered to him .
the local authority to which he applied refused to provide the necessary [give] , and the person was sadly compelled to turn down a place on a one-year post-graduate course which had already been offered to him .

The grounds were that he had used up his grant entitlement in qualifying to be a teacher .
the grounds were that he had used up his [give] entitlement in qualifying to be a teacher .

You may also be able to get a cash maternity allowance or grant .
you may also be able to get a cash maternity allowance or [give] .

What will the grant fund ?
what will the [give] fund ?

Your house should also be in reasonable repair to obtain a grant , but if it is n't , help may be available through Renovation Grants — seek advice from your local council .
your house should also be in reasonable repair to obtain a [give] , but if it is n't , help may be available through renovation grants — seek advice from your local council .

There is no limit to the amount of grant available , but it will be offered for ‘ reasonable ’ costs only .
there is no limit to the amount of [give] available , but it will be offered for ‘ reasonable ’ costs only .

Remember if you are on an income related benefit it is likely that you will receive a grant for all the ‘ reasonable ’ costs .
remember if you are on an income related benefit it is likely that you will receive a [give] for all the ‘ reasonable ’ costs .

Fees for this can be included as part of the ‘ reasonable ’ cost of the work and grant given .
fees for this can be included as part of the ‘ reasonable ’ cost of the work and [give] given .

When you receive the Grant Approval Notice from the District Borough or City Council , you can contact your builder to arrange a starting date or your advisor , architect , surveyor will do this for you .
when you receive the [give] approval notice from the district borough or city council , you can contact your builder to arrange a starting date or your advisor , architect , surveyor will do this for you .

If the builder encounters some unforeseen work do n't panic , but you must advise the Environmental Health Officer immediately ; they should be able to assist with additional finance if they are giving you a grant .
if the builder encounters some unforeseen work do n't panic , but you must advise the environmental health officer immediately ; they should be able to assist with additional finance if they are giving you a [give] .

When you and they are satisfied with the work , the grant will be released to you and you can then pay the builder .
when you and they are satisfied with the work , the [give] will be released to you and you can then pay the builder .

For some types of work your District Council may expect you to apply for a grant as a tenant .
for some types of work your district council may expect you to apply for a [give] as a tenant .

You may apply as a tenant for a grant , or your landlord may apply on your behalf .
you may apply as a tenant for a [give] , or your landlord may apply on your behalf .

You may apply as a tenant for a grant , or the Housing Association may apply on your behalf .
you may apply as a tenant for a [give] , or the housing association may apply on your behalf .

’ There is no limit to the grant available … but . ’
’ there is no limit to the [give] available … but . ’

You may apply for a Disabled Facilities Grant towards the installation of a lift .
you may apply for a disabled facilities [give] towards the installation of a lift .

The lift must not be installed before you have grant approval .
the lift must not be installed before you have [give] approval .

You can apply for a grant for the building and electrical work under the normal grant conditions — Ask your Environmental Health Officer .
you can apply for a [give] for the building and electrical work under the normal [give] conditions — ask your environmental health officer .

Leonard did , however , manage to get a grant from the Canadian Arts Council .
leonard did , however , manage to get a [give] from the canadian arts council .

No law shall be enacted providing for the grant of a dissolution of marriage . The proposed change involved the deletion of this and its substitution by the following :
no law shall be enacted providing for the [give] of a dissolution of marriage . the proposed change involved the deletion of this and its substitution by the following :

the court may in accordance with law grant a dissolution of the marriage provided that the court is satisfied that adequate and proper provision having regard to the circumstances will be made for any dependant spouse and for any child of or any child who is dependent on either spouse .
the court may in accordance with law [give] a dissolution of the marriage provided that the court is satisfied that adequate and proper provision having regard to the circumstances will be made for any dependant spouse and for any child of or any child who is dependent on either spouse .

One man who would sacrifice all his prize money for the year just to win the Wimbledon Singles Crown that has eluded him is Ivan Lendl , and the tension clearly showed when he lost to the Canadian Grant Connell in windy , dark , and damp conditions in the Stella Artois Championship at Queen 's Club .
one man who would sacrifice all his prize money for the year just to win the wimbledon singles crown that has eluded him is ivan lendl , and the tension clearly showed when he lost to the canadian [give] connell in windy , dark , and damp conditions in the stella artois championship at queen 's club .

Wimbledon as usual , led the way , with the first substantial grant .
wimbledon as usual , led the way , with the first substantial [give] .

In fact , the opportunity for Edberg to play ( up to the final ) one of the 7 other players entered with a top fifty ranking , was denied him when first , Lendl slumped to defeat against Grant Connell in three sets , then Chang and Jarryd lost to Wheaton , while , in the Swede 's half of the draw , Rotsagno lost to John Fitzgerald and Woodbridge fell to the unseeded Pat Cash .
in fact , the opportunity for edberg to play ( up to the final ) one of the 7 other players entered with a top fifty ranking , was denied him when first , lendl slumped to defeat against [give] connell in three sets , then chang and jarryd lost to wheaton , while , in the swede 's half of the draw , rotsagno lost to john fitzgerald and woodbridge fell to the unseeded pat cash .

Kevin Costner David Grant .
kevin costner david [give] .

Grant that , and all the rest makes sense as well …
[give] that , and all the rest makes sense as well …

The June issue of Woodworker published a letter entitled ‘ Ploughing small ’ which was answered by Bob Grant .
the june issue of woodworker published a letter entitled ‘ ploughing small ’ which was answered by bob [give] .

• Bob Grant is a professional woodcutter and tutor
• bob [give] is a professional woodcutter and tutor

It is within the power of the Council to make a one-off grant to the World for golden hellos to attract a higher calibre of research workers .
it is within the power of the council to make a one-off [give] to the world for golden hellos to attract a higher calibre of research workers .

And without the new grant for golden hellos the World would have lost its research workers .
and without the new [give] for golden hellos the world would have lost its research workers .

There is a body , the National League against the Venereal Diseases , which receives a grant from the government and organizes lectures in schools , prisons , and to the army , but it is clear that their efforts have little effect on the prevalence of disease .
there is a body , the national league against the venereal diseases , which receives a [give] from the government and organizes lectures in schools , prisons , and to the army , but it is clear that their efforts have little effect on the prevalence of disease .

English Heritage , it was argued , could pay the annual deficit from its own annual grant from the government .
english heritage , it was argued , could pay the annual deficit from its own annual [give] from the government .

In the past , such houses had always been offered to the National Trust , which had initially taken them without endowment , accepting instead an undertaking that the Ministry of Works would make good any deficit on repairs and maintenance through a Historic Buildings Council grant .
in the past , such houses had always been offered to the national trust , which had initially taken them without endowment , accepting instead an undertaking that the ministry of works would make good any deficit on repairs and maintenance through a historic buildings council [give] .

The trust at this stage had not one penny to its name but the Historic Buildings Council came forward with a ninety per cent grant for emergency works .
the trust at this stage had not one penny to its name but the historic buildings council came forward with a ninety per cent [give] for emergency works .

Now that the preventative works are almost complete , the trust has been able , with the help of a grant from English Heritage and a loan from the National Heritage Memorial Fund to put back the floors .
now that the preventative works are almost complete , the trust has been able , with the help of a [give] from english heritage and a loan from the national heritage memorial fund to put back the floors .

Fortunately , the Historic Buildings Councils , from their inception in 1953 , recognized the special problems and significance of garden buildings and have often offered a higher than normal proportion of grant aid to secure their restoration .
fortunately , the historic buildings councils , from their inception in 1953 , recognized the special problems and significance of garden buildings and have often offered a higher than normal proportion of [give] aid to secure their restoration .

Thanks to enthusiastic support from Jennifer Jenkins , chairman of the Historic Buildings Council , we were offered a very high level of grant towards the roof .
thanks to enthusiastic support from jennifer jenkins , chairman of the historic buildings council , we were offered a very high level of [give] towards the roof .

We applied for a grant from the National Heritage Memorial Fund on the basis that its support alone could save the church .
we applied for a [give] from the national heritage memorial fund on the basis that its support alone could save the church .

There was heated debate , but by the casting vote of the chairman we got our grant .
there was heated debate , but by the casting vote of the chairman we got our [give] .

As a result of the meeting and subsequent publicity , it was resolved that the council would indeed proceed with compulsory purchase , that study would be undertaken to explore new uses for the building and that English Heritage would grant substantial aid for repairs .
as a result of the meeting and subsequent publicity , it was resolved that the council would indeed proceed with compulsory purchase , that study would be undertaken to explore new uses for the building and that english heritage would [give] substantial aid for repairs .

If the local authority decides to grant consent , the Secretary of State has twenty-eight days to consider whether to call in the case and decide for himself .
if the local authority decides to [give] consent , the secretary of state has twenty-eight days to consider whether to call in the case and decide for himself .

However , it may be possible to make a case for a higher proportion of grant aid if the resources available are very limited .
however , it may be possible to make a case for a higher proportion of [give] aid if the resources available are very limited .

The largest grant ever offered was £1.1 million for the Gilcomston Church in Aberdeen — to cover the cost of dismantling and rebuilding the spire .
the largest [give] ever offered was £1.1 million for the gilcomston church in aberdeen — to cover the cost of dismantling and rebuilding the spire .

English Heritage , and some local authorities , may be willing to grant aid for the making of replacement railings .
english heritage , and some local authorities , may be willing to [give] aid for the making of replacement railings .

Elorine Grant
elorine [give]

Women 's Design Service has received a small grant to carry out research into housing design for older women .
women 's design service has received a small [give] to carry out research into housing design for older women .

Schools clothing grant giro , my medical card , fishing rods , my son 's snooker cue all stolen .
schools clothing [give] giro , my medical card , fishing rods , my son 's snooker cue all stolen .

John Ball of Hoylake by John Behrend ; Grant Books , Droitwich , £18 .
john ball of hoylake by john behrend ; [give] books , droitwich , £18 .

The European Community is expected to authorise a £50 million grant to help regenerate parts of Manchester , Salford and Trafford .
the european community is expected to authorise a £50 million [give] to help regenerate parts of manchester , salford and trafford .

‘ The university or polytechnic should administer the grant and loan and collect the full-cost fee .
‘ the university or polytechnic should administer the [give] and loan and collect the full-cost fee .

Kent Opera goes into liquidation after Arts Council grant withdrawn .
kent opera goes into liquidation after arts council [give] withdrawn .

The central mistake was the Department 's decision to grant Barlow Clowes an investment licence in 1985 .
the central mistake was the department 's decision to [give] barlow clowes an investment licence in 1985 .

However , in the High Court yesterday , Mr Justice Simon Brown rejected claims by the group , Save Britain 's Heritage , that the decision in June of the then Environment Secretary , Mr Nicholas Ridley , to grant planning permission was contrary to stated government policy , and should be quashed .
however , in the high court yesterday , mr justice simon brown rejected claims by the group , save britain 's heritage , that the decision in june of the then environment secretary , mr nicholas ridley , to [give] planning permission was contrary to stated government policy , and should be quashed .

Students attack 5pc grant rise .
students attack 5pc [give] rise .

The new levels of grant — £2,845 in London halls or lodgings , £2,265 out of London and £1,795 for students living at their parental home — should remain frozen from next autumn as the loan scheme is phased in .
the new levels of [give] — £2,845 in london halls or lodgings , £2,265 out of london and £1,795 for students living at their parental home — should remain frozen from next autumn as the loan scheme is phased in .

Mr John MacGregor , the Education Secretary , said in a Commons written reply that the 1990 main grant and full year loan would amount to about 25 per cent more than the 1989 grant for most students .
mr john macgregor , the education secretary , said in a commons written reply that the 1990 main [give] and full year loan would amount to about 25 per cent more than the 1989 [give] for most students .

Yesterday afternoon , however , saw them all back up to speed with Grant Dalton 's Fisher & Paykel out in front by three miles from Steinlager 2 , skippered by his fellow New Zealander Peter Blake .
yesterday afternoon , however , saw them all back up to speed with [give] dalton 's fisher & paykel out in front by three miles from steinlager 2 , skippered by his fellow new zealander peter blake .

New links with schools in the Soviet Union and eastern Europe will be forged as a result of an increase in the 1990/1991 government grant to the Central Bureau for Educational Visits and Exchanges to £1.18 million from the current £657,000 .
new links with schools in the soviet union and eastern europe will be forged as a result of an increase in the 1990/1991 government [give] to the central bureau for educational visits and exchanges to £1.18 million from the current £657,000 .

In November 1983 , a registrar ordered the grant of letters of administration to the three solicitors to be rendered null and void and Thomas thought the case was over .
in november 1983 , a registrar ordered the [give] of letters of administration to the three solicitors to be rendered null and void and thomas thought the case was over .

The unprecedented judgment was then published in the All England Law Reports but two months later the grant of letters was ruled void by another judge .
the unprecedented judgment was then published in the all england law reports but two months later the [give] of letters was ruled void by another judge .

Mr Mathew claims that as long as the temporary grant is allowed to remain — in breach of statute — anyone who makes a will is similarly vulnerable .
mr mathew claims that as long as the temporary [give] is allowed to remain — in breach of statute — anyone who makes a will is similarly vulnerable .

He was entering a study with local authorities on the cost of implementing the measures and was prepared to make appropriate increases in the rate support grant .
he was entering a study with local authorities on the cost of implementing the measures and was prepared to make appropriate increases in the rate support [give] .

In an organisation with such talented people as Heaton Lee , Jock Haston and Ted Grant , however , he occupied inevitably a secondary role in the leadership — not to his taste .
in an organisation with such talented people as heaton lee , jock haston and ted [give] , however , he occupied inevitably a secondary role in the leadership — not to his taste .

influence by the national government which may encourage foreign investors , grant tax concessions or cheap loans , offers grants or guarantees , or supply a building or factory free of charge ;
influence by the national government which may encourage foreign investors , [give] tax concessions or cheap loans , offers grants or guarantees , or supply a building or factory free of charge ;

After that they would expect His Majesty to grant a dissolution .
after that they would expect his majesty to [give] a dissolution .

At the second of these meetings Attlee stressed that the strategic arguments about the Middle East were not valid because no country would be willing to grant bases for military action , and all Britain would achieve would be to pose a needless and pointless threat to the Soviet Union .
at the second of these meetings attlee stressed that the strategic arguments about the middle east were not valid because no country would be willing to [give] bases for military action , and all britain would achieve would be to pose a needless and pointless threat to the soviet union .

If you are the sort of band that wants an arts council grant , then you are probably too special or too precious to conform to the limits set by ‘ popular ’ taste .
if you are the sort of band that wants an arts council [give] , then you are probably too special or too precious to conform to the limits set by ‘ popular ’ taste .

To cancel a project is to set back a country 's loan or grant programme and perhaps risk political problems between recipient and donor .
to cancel a project is to set back a country 's loan or [give] programme and perhaps risk political problems between recipient and donor .

Any questions relating to the length of the award , or refusal to grant one , must be addressed to them .
any questions relating to the length of the award , or refusal to [give] one , must be addressed to them .

The Countryside Commission has contributed a grant of £75 000 towards the cost of improving Lancashire 's network of footpaths and bridleways .
the countryside commission has contributed a [give] of £75 000 towards the cost of improving lancashire 's network of footpaths and bridleways .

The grant also includes £15 000 for the appointment of two temporary staff to update maps showing legal rights of way .
the [give] also includes £15 000 for the appointment of two temporary staff to update maps showing legal rights of way .

Commenting on the grant , Alex Wright of the Commission said , ‘ We welcome this grant and we hope it will assist Lancashire County Council in opening up the rights of way network by dealing with several major problems and paths that need modifications .
commenting on the [give] , alex wright of the commission said , ‘ we welcome this [give] and we hope it will assist lancashire county council in opening up the rights of way network by dealing with several major problems and paths that need modifications .

The Yorkshire Dales National Park has been awarded a European Commission grant of more than £50 000 to help conserve the traditional Dales farming landscape .
the yorkshire dales national park has been awarded a european commission [give] of more than £50 000 to help conserve the traditional dales farming landscape .

The grant gives a significant boost to the National Park Authority 's Barns and Walls Conservation Scheme to protect drystone walls and scattered stone field barns in upper Swaledale and Arkengarthdale .
the [give] gives a significant boost to the national park authority 's barns and walls conservation scheme to protect drystone walls and scattered stone field barns in upper swaledale and arkengarthdale .

When this failed to contain local spending sufficiently , volume targets were introduced together with penalties in the form of loss of central government grant if local authorities exceeded their targets .
when this failed to contain local spending sufficiently , volume targets were introduced together with penalties in the form of loss of central government [give] if local authorities exceeded their targets .

The Duchy 's investment will be added to a £934,000 grant from the Department of the Environment and £1.6m from Birmingham City Council .
the duchy 's investment will be added to a £934,000 [give] from the department of the environment and £1.6m from birmingham city council .

In a letter declaring no confidence in management , the consultant surgeons have told Dr Ken Grant , the authority 's manager , that the 36 per cent cut in surgical beds means ‘ we will be unable to offer an emergency service ’ .
in a letter declaring no confidence in management , the consultant surgeons have told dr ken [give] , the authority 's manager , that the 36 per cent cut in surgical beds means ‘ we will be unable to offer an emergency service ’ .

With the bulk of surgical patients consisting of urgent conditions , from cancers to vascular disease , Richard Wood , Professor of Surgery , has told Dr Grant that such surgery can not be halted .
with the bulk of surgical patients consisting of urgent conditions , from cancers to vascular disease , richard wood , professor of surgery , has told dr [give] that such surgery can not be halted .

Dr Grant said yesterday that the accident and emergency department would not be closing , not least because surrounding hospitals appeared unable to take the load .
dr [give] said yesterday that the accident and emergency department would not be closing , not least because surrounding hospitals appeared unable to take the load .

Dr Grant said that , since 1982 , beds had been cut from 800 to 450 , with Barts effectively running half empty and thus inefficiently .
dr [give] said that , since 1982 , beds had been cut from 800 to 450 , with barts effectively running half empty and thus inefficiently .

‘ When the British Amateur Athletic Board was in financial crisis three years ago , we had to cut the grant to the Welsh , Scots and Irish , ’ Lister said .
‘ when the british amateur athletic board was in financial crisis three years ago , we had to cut the [give] to the welsh , scots and irish , ’ lister said .

What made it more extraordinary was that everything had conspired against them , from the Home Unions committee 's refusal to grant them official Lions status right through to the kick-off .
what made it more extraordinary was that everything had conspired against them , from the home unions committee 's refusal to [give] them official lions status right through to the kick-off .

Youngsters ' grant success
youngsters ' [give] success

The project is financed through a £3m grant from the Welsh Office and an investment of £4.4m from the Perkin-Elmer Corporation .
the project is financed through a £3m [give] from the welsh office and an investment of £4.4m from the perkin-elmer corporation .

Julius Grant 1901–1991
julius [give] 1901–1991

The death of Dr Julius Grant brings to an end a life of determination and distinction , which progressed from a deserved reputation in paper chemistry to an international career in forensic science .
the death of dr julius [give] brings to an end a life of determination and distinction , which progressed from a deserved reputation in paper chemistry to an international career in forensic science .

Grant obtained his first degree by attending evening classes at Queen Mary College , London , and he subsequently took a doctorate at King 's College .
[give] obtained his first degree by attending evening classes at queen mary college , london , and he subsequently took a doctorate at king 's college .

In joining John Dickinson at Croxley Mills in 1931 , Grant became one of the first qualified scientists to be employed by the paper industry and his contributions and experience proved invaluable to him throughout his subsequent career .
in joining john dickinson at croxley mills in 1931 , [give] became one of the first qualified scientists to be employed by the paper industry and his contributions and experience proved invaluable to him throughout his subsequent career .

Grant 's responsibilities at John Dickinson provided him with a wide knowledge of the paper manufacturing processes used throughout the world and the way in which they were being improved .
[give] 's responsibilities at john dickinson provided him with a wide knowledge of the paper manufacturing processes used throughout the world and the way in which they were being improved .

Although Grant gave evidence in thousands of cases in which his wide experience was invaluable , he will be particularly remembered for the prominent part he played in the exposure of the forged Mussolini and Hitler diaries .
although [give] gave evidence in thousands of cases in which his wide experience was invaluable , he will be particularly remembered for the prominent part he played in the exposure of the forged mussolini and hitler diaries .

When Grant was asked in 1967 to date the former , he was able to prove conclusively that the paper used for the purported 1925 diary was not yet being made in Italy in 1937 , because he had spent part of that year studying the Italian paper industry in detail for his employers .
when [give] was asked in 1967 to date the former , he was able to prove conclusively that the paper used for the purported 1925 diary was not yet being made in italy in 1937 , because he had spent part of that year studying the italian paper industry in detail for his employers .

When asked in 1983 to conduct a similar investigation of the purported Hitler diaries of 1932 and 1935 , Grant found that high grade waste paper containing an optical brightening agent had been used in the pulp and these were not in use at the alleged time .
when asked in 1983 to conduct a similar investigation of the purported hitler diaries of 1932 and 1935 , [give] found that high grade waste paper containing an optical brightening agent had been used in the pulp and these were not in use at the alleged time .

However , Grant will be remembered by many members of the legal profession for his availability as an expert for the defence , particularly when the consultancy profession in that field was less developed .
however , [give] will be remembered by many members of the legal profession for his availability as an expert for the defence , particularly when the consultancy profession in that field was less developed .

Before me is a reprint from the Analyst of 1941 in which Grant discussed recent work and a new method for deciphering charred documents .
before me is a reprint from the analyst of 1941 in which [give] discussed recent work and a new method for deciphering charred documents .

In introducing the subject Grant commented that while it was important in crime investigation , it has taken on a new significance in the past year because of the large number of valuable documents that had been damaged as a result of fires caused by enemy action .
in introducing the subject [give] commented that while it was important in crime investigation , it has taken on a new significance in the past year because of the large number of valuable documents that had been damaged as a result of fires caused by enemy action .

For full grant to be earned , One-Year courses extended over twenty-four weeks , each meeting of two hours ' duration with an equal division between instruction and class activity .
for full [give] to be earned , one-year courses extended over twenty-four weeks , each meeting of two hours ' duration with an equal division between instruction and class activity .

The annual statements of accounts indicated that the costs of organising and mounting courses were frequently in excess of the combined income from total grant earned and student fee-income .
the annual statements of accounts indicated that the costs of organising and mounting courses were frequently in excess of the combined income from total [give] earned and student fee-income .

For Miss Green , Lee 's appointment was perceived as an explicit threat simply because in the previous year , renewal of the Cassell Trust 's grant had not been easily secured and had been made on the understanding that the 1930 renewal was to extend only for a further and final two years .
for miss green , lee 's appointment was perceived as an explicit threat simply because in the previous year , renewal of the cassell trust 's [give] had not been easily secured and had been made on the understanding that the 1930 renewal was to extend only for a further and final two years .

The problem had been compounded in 1929 when , in preparing its anticipated difficult bid for further renewal of the Cassell grant , the District had sought to bolster its ‘ pioneering tutor ’ case by persuading Miss Green to consider offering her preliminary courses in Huntingdonshire , a county without any adult education provision .
the problem had been compounded in 1929 when , in preparing its anticipated difficult bid for further renewal of the cassell [give] , the district had sought to bolster its ‘ pioneering tutor ’ case by persuading miss green to consider offering her preliminary courses in huntingdonshire , a county without any adult education provision .

The acknowledged success by all participants in the Bedfordshire scheme led in 1930 to the Carnegie Trust offering to continue the £500 annual grant for a further three-year period to finance a tutor-organiser appointment in another rural area in the District .
the acknowledged success by all participants in the bedfordshire scheme led in 1930 to the carnegie trust offering to continue the £500 annual [give] for a further three-year period to finance a tutor-organiser appointment in another rural area in the district .

In the event , it secured a grant from the Cassell Trust to appoint an Organising Secretary for Norfolk and Norwich but a bid for adequate finance for a similar appointment in Essex foundered .
in the event , it secured a [give] from the cassell trust to appoint an organising secretary for norfolk and norwich but a bid for adequate finance for a similar appointment in essex foundered .

For example , in 1936–37 the costs of providing courses in rural Bedfordshire and Cambridgeshire had amounted to £330 in excess of grant earned under the Board of Education Regulations .
for example , in 1936–37 the costs of providing courses in rural bedfordshire and cambridgeshire had amounted to £330 in excess of [give] earned under the board of education regulations .

The first arose from the government 's decision to impose a standstill grant for that year — in effect a reduction in the District 's planned programme in the 1952–53 session at a time when much patient work to gain support from trade union branches and members had succeeded particularly in Norwich and Northamptonshire .
the first arose from the government 's decision to impose a standstill [give] for that year — in effect a reduction in the district 's planned programme in the 1952–53 session at a time when much patient work to gain support from trade union branches and members had succeeded particularly in norwich and northamptonshire .

Within the adult education profession at large , there was gratification that the existing providers had been commended for their work , but some fears lest the proposals for future grant allocation might lead to increased governmental control over courses taught .
within the adult education profession at large , there was gratification that the existing providers had been commended for their work , but some fears lest the proposals for future [give] allocation might lead to increased governmental control over courses taught .

In determining the amount of grant the Minister will have regard to the general standards of the courses maintained by them , the needs of the areas , the activities of other bodies providing further education in the area and the fees paid by students .
in determining the amount of [give] the minister will have regard to the general standards of the courses maintained by them , the needs of the areas , the activities of other bodies providing further education in the area and the fees paid by students .

Restrictions by the Ministry on grant made available for new appointments also meant that vacancies between the resignation of one tutor-organiser and the arrival of a successor could be prolonged .
restrictions by the ministry on [give] made available for new appointments also meant that vacancies between the resignation of one tutor-organiser and the arrival of a successor could be prolonged .

Murdo Grant , Rector of Kingussie High School , identifies the opportunities and failures open to teachers : as they are expected to play a leading part in community life , so professional and personal shortcomings are less easy to conceal .
murdo [give] , rector of kingussie high school , identifies the opportunities and failures open to teachers : as they are expected to play a leading part in community life , so professional and personal shortcomings are less easy to conceal .

However , they all refused to grant him one .
however , they all refused to [give] him one .

In June , President Grant issued an executive order establishing a Wallowa Reservation ‘ for the roaming Nez Perce Indians ’ , which bore no relation to Odeneal 's recommendations .
in june , president [give] issued an executive order establishing a wallowa reservation ‘ for the roaming nez perce indians ’ , which bore no relation to odeneal 's recommendations .

He paraded with Generals Howard and Miles in New York during the dedication of Grant 's Tomb , and appealed once more to be returned to his Wallowa home .
he paraded with generals howard and miles in new york during the dedication of [give] 's tomb , and appealed once more to be returned to his wallowa home .

David Lloyd George — who had entered Parliament in 1890 , as a Liberal — endeavoured to negotiate between John Redmond , for the southern counties , and Lord Carson , in order to produce a grant of immediate Home Rule to Ireland , but excluding the six counties of Ulster , but the British coalition government under Asquith .
david lloyd george — who had entered parliament in 1890 , as a liberal — endeavoured to negotiate between john redmond , for the southern counties , and lord carson , in order to produce a [give] of immediate home rule to ireland , but excluding the six counties of ulster , but the british coalition government under asquith .

Criteria would need to be established for the provision of grant perhaps based on the Standard Man Day requirement of the farm .
criteria would need to be established for the provision of [give] perhaps based on the standard man day requirement of the farm .

Advice was available from the socio-economic advisers of the Advisory Services but training might well be provided in the techniques of grant application , building skills for ‘ kit ’ house erection , and on the detailed legal , financial and management problems of handing over the farm .
advice was available from the socio-economic advisers of the advisory services but training might well be provided in the techniques of [give] application , building skills for ‘ kit ’ house erection , and on the detailed legal , financial and management problems of handing over the farm .

Other policy issues that were observed and which need discussion and consideration included : the problem of sustaining confidence in the livestock market for those ( many of whom were family or part-time farmers ) who had no other enterprise options ; the need for an examination of the labour unit figure at present used in deciding eligibility for improvement grants with a view to its removal — those at present debarred from receiving grant ( because their unit is not big enough ) were unable to carry out improvements to develop the farm ; the case for considering what effect would be achieved by placing a limit ( e. g. 500 standard man days ) on the size of unit eligible for grant and guaranteed prices — such a limit might ensure the future of family units which were under economic pressure for amalgamation and growth of the size of units ; the need for assistance with the building of a second house to aid resettlement and hand-over problems .
other policy issues that were observed and which need discussion and consideration included : the problem of sustaining confidence in the livestock market for those ( many of whom were family or part-time farmers ) who had no other enterprise options ; the need for an examination of the labour unit figure at present used in deciding eligibility for improvement grants with a view to its removal — those at present debarred from receiving [give] ( because their unit is not big enough ) were unable to carry out improvements to develop the farm ; the case for considering what effect would be achieved by placing a limit ( e. g. 500 standard man days ) on the size of unit eligible for [give] and guaranteed prices — such a limit might ensure the future of family units which were under economic pressure for amalgamation and growth of the size of units ; the need for assistance with the building of a second house to aid resettlement and hand-over problems .

Students were on a grant of £40 a year and a primary teacher 's salary was £18 a month .
students were on a [give] of £40 a year and a primary teacher 's salary was £18 a month .

It is cheaper in that it costs less to give one grant to a large unit than ten grants to small units .
it is cheaper in that it costs less to give one [give] to a large unit than ten grants to small units .

Precision water baths , high and low temperature baths , shaking baths , block thermostats , flow heaters and flow coolers were all demonstrated by Grant .
precision water baths , high and low temperature baths , shaking baths , block thermostats , flow heaters and flow coolers were all demonstrated by [give] .

The operator also offers trips to the majestic Yellowstone and Grant Teton National Parks , plus white-water wilderness adventures from Las Vegas through the Grand Canyon .
the operator also offers trips to the majestic yellowstone and [give] teton national parks , plus white-water wilderness adventures from las vegas through the grand canyon .

The difficulties and tensions of undertaking developmental work once CMHTs take on a normal caseload were amply illustrated by many members of ‘ traditional ’ CMHTs ( casework and co-ordination ) who attended seminars organized during the course of the research ( Grant et al .
the difficulties and tensions of undertaking developmental work once cmhts take on a normal caseload were amply illustrated by many members of ‘ traditional ’ cmhts ( casework and co-ordination ) who attended seminars organized during the course of the research ( [give] et al .

This grant included those territories or cities disputed between Lombardy and the pope , and basically reaffirmed arrangements made between Charles ' father , Pepin le Bref , and Rome .
this [give] included those territories or cities disputed between lombardy and the pope , and basically reaffirmed arrangements made between charles ' father , pepin le bref , and rome .

At the close of the service , while Charles kneeled in prayer , Leo placed a diadem on the king 's head and pronounced : ‘ God grant life and victory to Charles the Augustus , crowned by God great and pacific Emperor of the Romans ’ .
at the close of the service , while charles kneeled in prayer , leo placed a diadem on the king 's head and pronounced : ‘ god [give] life and victory to charles the augustus , crowned by god great and pacific emperor of the romans ’ .

In 1982 the coal industry recorded a loss of £111 million and an overall deficit of £486 million ( after taking into account the government 's deficit grant ) .
in 1982 the coal industry recorded a loss of £111 million and an overall deficit of £486 million ( after taking into account the government 's deficit [give] ) .

The nearest one had been for the use of the Conway 's house , the second one was for the use of Tommy Grant and his family .
the nearest one had been for the use of the conway 's house , the second one was for the use of tommy [give] and his family .

Tommy Grant placed the big , round , iron , copper-lined sugar pan on the side of the stove , straightened his back as far as it would go ; then , turning to the bench , he pointed to the five tin trays of liquid toffee , saying , ‘ That should give us a fresh start in the mornin ' , miss .
tommy [give] placed the big , round , iron , copper-lined sugar pan on the side of the stove , straightened his back as far as it would go ; then , turning to the bench , he pointed to the five tin trays of liquid toffee , saying , ‘ that should give us a fresh start in the mornin ' , miss .

When Tommy Grant next appeared , his wife was with him .
when tommy [give] next appeared , his wife was with him .

Mrs Grant now turned to Agnes who was kneeling by her side and said , ‘ Oh !
mrs [give] now turned to agnes who was kneeling by her side and said , ‘ oh !

The old couple were silent ; then Mrs Grant sighed and Tommy said , ‘ Bad business .
the old couple were silent ; then mrs [give] sighed and tommy said , ‘ bad business .

The Yugoslav government has clearly been right to try to switch inter-regional aid from a grant ( or ‘ loan ’ ) basis to a direct investment basis .
the yugoslav government has clearly been right to try to switch inter-regional aid from a [give] ( or ‘ loan ’ ) basis to a direct investment basis .

The calypso is not presented as strident political commentary : it is the bland and depoliticised version popularised by personalities such as Lance Percival and Cy Grant .
the calypso is not presented as strident political commentary : it is the bland and depoliticised version popularised by personalities such as lance percival and cy [give] .

‘ We are still within the amateur regulations or we would n't be here , ’ Grant Fox , the All Black outside-half , said yesterday .
‘ we are still within the amateur regulations or we would n't be here , ’ [give] fox , the all black outside-half , said yesterday .

On the swings and roundabouts of crew changes , Grant Dalton , skipper of the New Zealand ketch Fisher & Paykel , issued a denial that Britain 's Chris Law would be joining the crew , while Lawrie Smith , skipper of Rothmans , said that on 20 October he would announce that David Powys would boost the crew to 14 , plus one or two others .
on the swings and roundabouts of crew changes , [give] dalton , skipper of the new zealand ketch fisher & paykel , issued a denial that britain 's chris law would be joining the crew , while lawrie smith , skipper of rothmans , said that on 20 october he would announce that david powys would boost the crew to 14 , plus one or two others .

The Association of Business Sponsorship of the Arts says many sponsors are uneasy that they are expected to replace , rather than supplement , government grant , and a fall in sponsorship is feared .
the association of business sponsorship of the arts says many sponsors are uneasy that they are expected to replace , rather than supplement , government [give] , and a fall in sponsorship is feared .

Mr Palumbo also suggested that grant money might be taken away from companies which failed to achieve a sufficiently high standard .
mr palumbo also suggested that [give] money might be taken away from companies which failed to achieve a sufficiently high standard .

The Arts Council is holding a special meeting in November to discuss the funding crisis ; it is thought that it might decide to cut the number of bodies receiving grant if more government money is not forthcoming .
the arts council is holding a special meeting in november to discuss the funding crisis ; it is thought that it might decide to cut the number of bodies receiving [give] if more government money is not forthcoming .

Luke Rittner , secretary general of the Arts Council , said inflation had outstripped grant aid by 6 per cent , and ‘ a failure by government to recognise this situation will be a cruel slap in the face to an arts world that has done so much to adapt to the market economy of the 1980s ’ .
luke rittner , secretary general of the arts council , said inflation had outstripped [give] aid by 6 per cent , and ‘ a failure by government to recognise this situation will be a cruel slap in the face to an arts world that has done so much to adapt to the market economy of the 1980s ’ .

His plans to grant land titles to shanty-town dwellers were effectively launched into the Apra-dominated Congress by the ‘ reformist ’ left .
his plans to [give] land titles to shanty-town dwellers were effectively launched into the apra-dominated congress by the ‘ reformist ’ left .

He expressed hope that Britain 's long-awaited scheme to grant some Hong Kong people the right to live in Britain would be ‘ as generous as possible ’ .
he expressed hope that britain 's long-awaited scheme to [give] some hong kong people the right to live in britain would be ‘ as generous as possible ’ .

The Investment Society , for instance , offered members ‘ trips to City institutions , talks from investment professionals and advice on making the most of your grant ’ .
the investment society , for instance , offered members ‘ trips to city institutions , talks from investment professionals and advice on making the most of your [give] ’ .

The Grant shallow injector is offered with working widths of 3m , 4m and 5m ( 10 , 13 , 16ft ) , and comes with 12 , 16 and 20 injectors respectively .
the [give] shallow injector is offered with working widths of 3m , 4m and 5m ( 10 , 13 , 16ft ) , and comes with 12 , 16 and 20 injectors respectively .

Table 3 : Computer model illustrating operating costs of alternative disposal options , both with and without grant aid , on a mixed farm producing 10cu m of pig slurry and 6cu m of cattle slurry/day ( 1,500 pigs and 100 dairy cattle ) .
table 3 : computer model illustrating operating costs of alternative disposal options , both with and without [give] aid , on a mixed farm producing 10cu m of pig slurry and 6cu m of cattle slurry/day ( 1,500 pigs and 100 dairy cattle ) .

There are things which can not be done even with a 4shillings ; 5d education rate when that only produces £22,000 , and when , even with the Government grant , there is only £75,000 to spend .
there are things which can not be done even with a 4shillings ; 5d education rate when that only produces £22,000 , and when , even with the government [give] , there is only £75,000 to spend .

Inelligible for the Enterprise Allowance Scheme , and at 28 too old for the Prince 's Trust , she eventually got a grant from the Westminster Enterprise Agency .
inelligible for the enterprise allowance scheme , and at 28 too old for the prince 's trust , she eventually got a [give] from the westminster enterprise agency .

Now in receipt of government support ( and offering particular help for people under 30 ) , the Trust helped her apply for a Westminster Enterprise grant .
now in receipt of government support ( and offering particular help for people under 30 ) , the trust helped her apply for a westminster enterprise [give] .

Very generous financial assistance would be given by the Government , in the form of a grant of up to thirty per cent of capital and remission of all taxation on export sales for ten years .
very generous financial assistance would be given by the government , in the form of a [give] of up to thirty per cent of capital and remission of all taxation on export sales for ten years .

‘ News of stoppage of Commercial Bank . God preserve us safe from harm , if such be His Holy Will ! May He grant more peace of mind to my dear husband ! ’
‘ news of stoppage of commercial bank . god preserve us safe from harm , if such be his holy will ! may he [give] more peace of mind to my dear husband ! ’

When Arab governments refused to provide the subsidies promised to the late government Husayn turned to the United States , which provided a $ 10 million emergency grant , and a further $ 30 million during the course of the year .
when arab governments refused to provide the subsidies promised to the late government husayn turned to the united states , which provided a $ 10 million emergency [give] , and a further $ 30 million during the course of the year .

If , for example , eligibility for a grant for education , or for council housing , or for employment in the public service , or for a place for a child at a school of first choice , were to be assessed by reference to the citizenship record of the applicant , then this would put considerable pressure on many people to perform these ‘ voluntary obligations ’ .
if , for example , eligibility for a [give] for education , or for council housing , or for employment in the public service , or for a place for a child at a school of first choice , were to be assessed by reference to the citizenship record of the applicant , then this would put considerable pressure on many people to perform these ‘ voluntary obligations ’ .

Should there be a re-run , the Queen would have to decide whether to grant Mr Major a second dissolution or allow Mr Kinnock his chance .
should there be a re-run , the queen would have to decide whether to [give] mr major a second dissolution or allow mr kinnock his chance .

Where are the bogey men ? Bernie Grant ( Tottenham ) :
where are the bogey men ? bernie [give] ( tottenham ) :

With support from the local council and a recent £500,000 grant from the Foundation for Sport and the Arts , Hounslow are hoping to move in and have an artificial pitch laid in time for the start of next season .
with support from the local council and a recent £500,000 [give] from the foundation for sport and the arts , hounslow are hoping to move in and have an artificial pitch laid in time for the start of next season .

Mark Petchey went down 6-4 , 6-2 to Grant Connell .
mark petchey went down 6-4 , 6-2 to [give] connell .

The Dutch Institute of Public Health has split a £300,000 grant between Prof Boulois and researchers in Adelaide , Australia , who are collaborating to develop the vaccine further .
the dutch institute of public health has split a £300,000 [give] between prof boulois and researchers in adelaide , australia , who are collaborating to develop the vaccine further .

He is awaiting a decision from Edinburgh on his application for a Historic Buildings grant , but once completed the castle loses its scheduled monument status and becomes a listed building .
he is awaiting a decision from edinburgh on his application for a historic buildings [give] , but once completed the castle loses its scheduled monument status and becomes a listed building .

The Pirates were three down at Humberside before rallying to take the lead but the Seahawks salvaged a 6-6 draw with a late goal by Grant Slater .
the pirates were three down at humberside before rallying to take the lead but the seahawks salvaged a 6-6 draw with a late goal by [give] slater .

Five of the South Africans played last Wednesday in the final of the Benson and Hedges night series in Johannesburg while a similar number of the West Indians played in the Geddes Grant final on Saturday in Port of Spain .
five of the south africans played last wednesday in the final of the benson and hedges night series in johannesburg while a similar number of the west indians played in the geddes [give] final on saturday in port of spain .

Mr Wendt 's take home pay , according to accountant Grant Thornton , could drop from £1.1m under the Tories to £828,000 under Labour .
mr wendt 's take home pay , according to accountant [give] thornton , could drop from £1.1m under the tories to £828,000 under labour .

There was , it is true , still a funny , tubby chap in a bow-tie — in 1983 , Frank and Selina had Russell Grant filling this position of studio poodle — but , where Grant was an astrologer , Paul Callan reviews the newspapers .
there was , it is true , still a funny , tubby chap in a bow-tie — in 1983 , frank and selina had russell [give] filling this position of studio poodle — but , where [give] was an astrologer , paul callan reviews the newspapers .

However the brewery , which by 1786 was the second-biggest in London , was run by Sir Benjamin 's old head clerk , James Grant .
however the brewery , which by 1786 was the second-biggest in london , was run by sir benjamin 's old head clerk , james [give] .

When Grant died in 1789 his share in the brewery was bought by Sampson Hanbury , aged 30 , a member of a family of Quaker bankers .
when [give] died in 1789 his share in the brewery was bought by sampson hanbury , aged 30 , a member of a family of quaker bankers .

Grant Metropolitan 's Inntrepreneur lease already provides for independent arbitration but rents are still considered excessive by many tenant leaders .
[give] metropolitan 's inntrepreneur lease already provides for independent arbitration but rents are still considered excessive by many tenant leaders .

Community care — Mental Illness Specific Grant
community care — mental illness specific [give]

The Mental Illness Specific Grant : the early days by Gary Hogman and Jerry Westall .
the mental illness specific [give] : the early days by gary hogman and jerry westall .

On Friday , Mrs Grant will pick up the 1989 Captain of Industry award from the Livingstone Industrial and Commercial Association .
on friday , mrs [give] will pick up the 1989 captain of industry award from the livingstone industrial and commercial association .

Chosen as Businesswoman of the Year in 1986 , Mrs Grant is no stranger to this sort of publicity .
chosen as businesswoman of the year in 1986 , mrs [give] is no stranger to this sort of publicity .

But the city that goes down , the civilization ‘ run by the few ’ which ‘ fell to the many ’ , is not Ilium but Richmond or Montgomery or Atlanta , any one of the cities of the Confederacy finally sacked by Grant or Sheridan or the specially hated Sherman , generals of the victorious Yankee North .
but the city that goes down , the civilization ‘ run by the few ’ which ‘ fell to the many ’ , is not ilium but richmond or montgomery or atlanta , any one of the cities of the confederacy finally sacked by [give] or sheridan or the specially hated sherman , generals of the victorious yankee north .

Greg Grant looks back to the Victorian adventurers who conquered nature to put a communication girdle around the world .
greg [give] looks back to the victorian adventurers who conquered nature to put a communication girdle around the world .

At a time when plans for global communications seem to rest on the semantics of international standards , Greg Grant looks back to the Victorian adventurers who conquered nature to put a communication girdle around the world .
at a time when plans for global communications seem to rest on the semantics of international standards , greg [give] looks back to the victorian adventurers who conquered nature to put a communication girdle around the world .

Legal Aid Board proposals to grant ‘ franchises ’ to selected solicitors ' firms doing legal aid advice work under the ‘ green form ’ scheme will enable the board and lawyers to jointly improve the system , John Pitts , the board chairman , said .
legal aid board proposals to [give] ‘ franchises ’ to selected solicitors ' firms doing legal aid advice work under the ‘ green form ’ scheme will enable the board and lawyers to jointly improve the system , john pitts , the board chairman , said .

As for Grant Patterson , Snook 's countryman may prove a crucial figure in Bedford 's cause .
as for [give] patterson , snook 's countryman may prove a crucial figure in bedford 's cause .

The only redeeming feature of a goalless , worthless event at Stamford Bridge was that it did not require a grant .
the only redeeming feature of a goalless , worthless event at stamford bridge was that it did not require a [give] .

In Jim Bett , Paul Mason , Brian Grant and Craig Robertson , they have an effective and , at times , elegant midfield , which can impose its will on opponents , but too often the opportunities created come to nought .
in jim bett , paul mason , brian [give] and craig robertson , they have an effective and , at times , elegant midfield , which can impose its will on opponents , but too often the opportunities created come to nought .

But Duncan Grant , councillor for South West Ross which includes Kyle of Lochalsh , said : ‘ The Government should be forced to change its mind .
but duncan [give] , councillor for south west ross which includes kyle of lochalsh , said : ‘ the government should be forced to change its mind .

Mr Prescott warned that rail passengers would pay for the grant cuts by higher fares and poorer service .
mr prescott warned that rail passengers would pay for the [give] cuts by higher fares and poorer service .

‘ Assuming some progress in resolving the debt crisis , ’ Mr Grant says , ‘ then even a 5 per cent or a 10 per cent diversion of military spending could provide the additional $50 billion or so each year which is needed to end absolute poverty on the planet within the next 10 years . ’
‘ assuming some progress in resolving the debt crisis , ’ mr [give] says , ‘ then even a 5 per cent or a 10 per cent diversion of military spending could provide the additional $50 billion or so each year which is needed to end absolute poverty on the planet within the next 10 years . ’

Mr Grant adds : ‘ It is time that the needs of children were given this kind of priority .
mr [give] adds : ‘ it is time that the needs of children were given this kind of priority .

Taiwan will grant political asylum to 12 Chinese dissidents who went to South Korea fearing persecution for involvement in the pro-democracy movement in China , an official of the Exit and Entry Bureau said yesterday .
taiwan will [give] political asylum to 12 chinese dissidents who went to south korea fearing persecution for involvement in the pro-democracy movement in china , an official of the exit and entry bureau said yesterday .

Rejecting Morgan Grampian 's appeal earlier , Lord Donaldson , Master of the Rolls , said he ‘ most emphatically ’ refused to grant a stay on the contempt proceedings because Mr Goodwin was not prepared to comply with any order to disclose his notes .
rejecting morgan grampian 's appeal earlier , lord donaldson , master of the rolls , said he ‘ most emphatically ’ refused to [give] a stay on the contempt proceedings because mr goodwin was not prepared to comply with any order to disclose his notes .

Grant case opens door to students .
[give] case opens door to students .

‘ But where the sentence is substantial the offence will be grave , the risk the offender represents to the public can be significant and the difference which decision to grant or not to grant parole makes , may be more than a few months .
‘ but where the sentence is substantial the offence will be grave , the risk the offender represents to the public can be significant and the difference which decision to [give] or not to [give] parole makes , may be more than a few months .

The Home Secretary may , however , refuse to grant a franchise if he suspects the funding arrangements , or feels ‘ it would not be in the public interest ’ .
the home secretary may , however , refuse to [give] a franchise if he suspects the funding arrangements , or feels ‘ it would not be in the public interest ’ .

The Home Secretary may , however , refuse to grant a franchise if he suspects the funding arrangements , or feels ‘ it would not be in the public interest for the licence to be awarded ’ .
the home secretary may , however , refuse to [give] a franchise if he suspects the funding arrangements , or feels ‘ it would not be in the public interest for the licence to be awarded ’ .

The county court will be able to grant all the remedies now available in the High Court .
the county court will be able to [give] all the remedies now available in the high court .

He goes on : ‘ Since these costs … would have to be paid by a grant … and since a grant of above £10 million requires affirmative resolution [ and thus debate ] in the House , it seems there are two choices : to cap the BAe grant at £9.5 million ; or set the ceiling at £13.5 million and for you to accept the greater risk of challenge and thus repayment being required .
he goes on : ‘ since these costs … would have to be paid by a [give] … and since a [give] of above £10 million requires affirmative resolution [ and thus debate ] in the house , it seems there are two choices : to cap the bae [give] at £9.5 million ; or set the ceiling at £13.5 million and for you to accept the greater risk of challenge and thus repayment being required .

Rudder speaks of the manor being given to Flaxley Abbey by the Earl of Hereford , and that the ‘ Abbat had a grant of an iron forge and of two oaks every week out of the Forest of Dean , for the maintenance of the forge , of King Henry the Second ’ .
rudder speaks of the manor being given to flaxley abbey by the earl of hereford , and that the ‘ abbat had a [give] of an iron forge and of two oaks every week out of the forest of dean , for the maintenance of the forge , of king henry the second ’ .

Given such easy money , he says , researchers do not have to give so much thought to their grant proposal , as they know that it will not face such a rigorous peer review .
given such easy money , he says , researchers do not have to give so much thought to their [give] proposal , as they know that it will not face such a rigorous peer review .

She was able to transform whatever house she acquired into something uniquely her own , the creative energy of the painters ' work ( hers and Duncan Grant 's ) being the motivating force .
she was able to transform whatever house she acquired into something uniquely her own , the creative energy of the painters ' work ( hers and duncan [give] 's ) being the motivating force .

Virginia and Leonard commissioned from Vanessa and Duncan Grant various pieces of furniture , paintings and decorations for their country and London houses .
virginia and leonard commissioned from vanessa and duncan [give] various pieces of furniture , paintings and decorations for their country and london houses .

There is , of course , room for disagreement about how much independence to grant children at different stages of their development .
there is , of course , room for disagreement about how much independence to [give] children at different stages of their development .

In 1947 the president of the Board of Trade in Attlee 's Labour government , a young and aspiring politician called Harold Wilson , agreed to grant special export licences to Russia for two Rolls Royce jet engines , the Nene and the Derwent .
in 1947 the president of the board of trade in attlee 's labour government , a young and aspiring politician called harold wilson , agreed to [give] special export licences to russia for two rolls royce jet engines , the nene and the derwent .

… if this be the Original Grant of Government and the Foundation of Monarchical Power , there will be as many Monarchs as there are Husbands .
… if this be the original [give] of government and the foundation of monarchical power , there will be as many monarchs as there are husbands .

Zborowski had arrived in Paris before the war to study literature on a government grant .
zborowski had arrived in paris before the war to study literature on a government [give] .

When the grant ceased Zbo , as he was called , tried to earn a living by selling books and prints along the quayside , and gradually began to deal in the paintings of the modern and as yet unrecognized artists .
when the [give] ceased zbo , as he was called , tried to earn a living by selling books and prints along the quayside , and gradually began to deal in the paintings of the modern and as yet unrecognized artists .

‘ Well , ’ he said , ‘ it is clearly an application to the Patent Office , soliciting the grant of a patent for some kind of process … It involves the combining of certain chemical compounds which , it is claimed , constitutes a patentable improvement in the manufacture of an explosive .
‘ well , ’ he said , ‘ it is clearly an application to the patent office , soliciting the [give] of a patent for some kind of process … it involves the combining of certain chemical compounds which , it is claimed , constitutes a patentable improvement in the manufacture of an explosive .

Her grant had expired , and she was still some way off completing her PhD dissertation .
her [give] had expired , and she was still some way off completing her phd dissertation .

Marion does not qualify for a maintenance grant because her parents are well off , but they are also estranged , from each other and from her , so she is obliged to support herself at University with a variety of part-time jobs .
marion does not qualify for a maintenance [give] because her parents are well off , but they are also estranged , from each other and from her , so she is obliged to support herself at university with a variety of part-time jobs .

In particular they believe that their beliefs make a difference to the consequences of their acts , that their acts impose duties , confer rights , grant permissions , and so on , in part because they believe that their acts do so .
in particular they believe that their beliefs make a difference to the consequences of their acts , that their acts impose duties , confer rights , [give] permissions , and so on , in part because they believe that their acts do so .

As a party of French anglers did , whilst staying at the Grant Arms , Monymusk , in May 1987 for three days .
as a party of french anglers did , whilst staying at the [give] arms , monymusk , in may 1987 for three days .

The Grant Arms Hotel , run by Colin Hart , offers excellent salmon and trout fishing opportunities , comfortable accommodation and first-class advice on the fly of the moment ; and which fingers to cross .
the [give] arms hotel , run by colin hart , offers excellent salmon and trout fishing opportunities , comfortable accommodation and first-class advice on the fly of the moment ; and which fingers to cross .

The possibility of escape , the prevention of further crime and the obstruction of police inquiries are examples of those factors with which all judges who have had to grant or refuse bail are familiar .
the possibility of escape , the prevention of further crime and the obstruction of police inquiries are examples of those factors with which all judges who have had to [give] or refuse bail are familiar .

As a result effective safeguards must be found in the statutory restrictions on the grant of warrants .
as a result effective safeguards must be found in the statutory restrictions on the [give] of warrants .

This means that the Tribunal has to ask whether the Minister acted reasonably in exercising his discretion to grant a warrant .
this means that the tribunal has to ask whether the minister acted reasonably in exercising his discretion to [give] a warrant .

Thomas Fuller , writing in 1655 , had the answer : ‘ Grant them drained , and so continuing ; as now the great fishes therein prey on the less , so the wealthy men would devour the poorer sort of people … and rich men , to make room for themselves , would jostle the poor people out of their commons .
thomas fuller , writing in 1655 , had the answer : ‘ [give] them drained , and so continuing ; as now the great fishes therein prey on the less , so the wealthy men would devour the poorer sort of people … and rich men , to make room for themselves , would jostle the poor people out of their commons .

As a method for calculating benefit and consequent eligibility for grant , the eight-foot line is , to say the least , haphazard .
as a method for calculating benefit and consequent eligibility for [give] , the eight-foot line is , to say the least , haphazard .

Government offered a 50 per cent grant for such work , which remained in force after the War .
government offered a 50 per cent [give] for such work , which remained in force after the war .

In the winter of 1984–5 the Government announced a cut in the annual grant for land drainage from £60 million to a projected average of £30 million , and stipulated that the emphasis should now be on urban flood protection , rather than improvement for agriculture .
in the winter of 1984–5 the government announced a cut in the annual [give] for land drainage from £60 million to a projected average of £30 million , and stipulated that the emphasis should now be on urban flood protection , rather than improvement for agriculture .

By 1988 it was claimed that £200 million of Urban Development Grant and Urban Regeneration Grant had successfully ‘ levered ’ more than £800 million of private investment into the inner cities ( although how much of the latter sum might have been invested in any case is difficult to say ) .
by 1988 it was claimed that £200 million of urban development [give] and urban regeneration [give] had successfully ‘ levered ’ more than £800 million of private investment into the inner cities ( although how much of the latter sum might have been invested in any case is difficult to say ) .

One paradoxical consequence of central government limits to rate support grant was a real-money leap in business rates in some areas , and a sizeable increase in the proportion of local budgets paid through rates by the business community .
one paradoxical consequence of central government limits to rate support [give] was a real-money leap in business rates in some areas , and a sizeable increase in the proportion of local budgets paid through rates by the business community .

The grant is to be used by the Lord 's Taverners to continue their support and encouragement for young cricketers in state schools .
the [give] is to be used by the lord 's taverners to continue their support and encouragement for young cricketers in state schools .

For example , you may be able to obtain a grant to insulate your loft if your house is old and has no insulation at all ; or to replace your roof , or install proper plumbing and bathrooms , if your house is over 100 years old .
for example , you may be able to obtain a [give] to insulate your loft if your house is old and has no insulation at all ; or to replace your roof , or install proper plumbing and bathrooms , if your house is over 100 years old .

If you live in an area that has a lot of old buildings , the council may run out of grant money very quickly and you will have to wait until next year .
if you live in an area that has a lot of old buildings , the council may run out of [give] money very quickly and you will have to wait until next year .

Lots of young people have to work in their summer holidays in order to supplement a meagre college grant .
lots of young people have to work in their summer holidays in order to supplement a meagre college [give] .

Consumers worried by credit-card debt and authors of economic blockbusters predicting the collapse of the American financial system will take heart from something that appears in Grant 's Interest Rate Observer , one of the most highly-regarded investment publications in the States .
consumers worried by credit-card debt and authors of economic blockbusters predicting the collapse of the american financial system will take heart from something that appears in [give] 's interest rate observer , one of the most highly-regarded investment publications in the states .

Walk tickets are available in advance from the Northampton Tourist Information Centre , Mr Grant 's House , 10 Giles Square , Northampton .
walk tickets are available in advance from the northampton tourist information centre , mr [give] 's house , 10 giles square , northampton .

The Protocol also grant concessions to ‘ developing countries ’ , allowing the use of 0.3kg of CFCs per person , per year , for a maximum of ten years , but does not make it clear which developing countries are eligible .
the protocol also [give] concessions to ‘ developing countries ’ , allowing the use of 0.3kg of cfcs per person , per year , for a maximum of ten years , but does not make it clear which developing countries are eligible .

In 1981 the first large timeshare complex opened at Langdale , helped by a tourist board grant .
in 1981 the first large timeshare complex opened at langdale , helped by a tourist board [give] .

‘ Profligate spending has not only driven employers and would-be employers away and thus lost jobs , but resources have been taken away from other areas by the rate support grant formula as the spiral of inner city decline causes the rate base in inner city areas to diminish , while their needs … grow ’
‘ profligate spending has not only driven employers and would-be employers away and thus lost jobs , but resources have been taken away from other areas by the rate support [give] formula as the spiral of inner city decline causes the rate base in inner city areas to diminish , while their needs … grow ’

First , the advent of the 1988 Housing Act and the limiting of Housing Association Grant to an average 75 per cent of development costs forces housing association and housing co-operative developments to secure the balance of funding from private sources .
first , the advent of the 1988 housing act and the limiting of housing association [give] to an average 75 per cent of development costs forces housing association and housing co-operative developments to secure the balance of funding from private sources .

No sooner was it known in France that he was in the Texel , than a courier was dispatched with orders for him to go overland to Paris , where he says he is to have the grant of a fresh commission and a larger squadron , sufficient to make a descent on any part of Great Britain or Ireland … The Dutch look upon him to be a brave officer .
no sooner was it known in france that he was in the texel , than a courier was dispatched with orders for him to go overland to paris , where he says he is to have the [give] of a fresh commission and a larger squadron , sufficient to make a descent on any part of great britain or ireland … the dutch look upon him to be a brave officer .

They were , however , ready to accept an outright grant and on 1 December they warned the Home Office that , if the money was not forthcoming within a week , the refugee organisations would close down , leaving their charges to be maintained on the local rates .
they were , however , ready to accept an outright [give] and on 1 december they warned the home office that , if the money was not forthcoming within a week , the refugee organisations would close down , leaving their charges to be maintained on the local rates .

Maxwell suggested that the government might be prepared to make a grant equal to the amount collected by the refugee organisations .
maxwell suggested that the government might be prepared to make a [give] equal to the amount collected by the refugee organisations .

Gwrych Castle was offered rent-free by Lord Dundonald — who also made a grant towards rates and taxes and paid half the cost of repairs — a necessarily generous offer since the castle had been uninhabited for over fifteen years .
gwrych castle was offered rent-free by lord dundonald — who also made a [give] towards rates and taxes and paid half the cost of repairs — a necessarily generous offer since the castle had been uninhabited for over fifteen years .

Greta Burkill did not confine herself to looking after his education , but fought for him to spend a summer with his parents in Venezuela — a country not keen to grant visitors ' visas to Jews at that time .
greta burkill did not confine herself to looking after his education , but fought for him to spend a summer with his parents in venezuela — a country not keen to [give] visitors ' visas to jews at that time .

Returning in 1941 , he was given lodgings by the Vicar of Trumpington , a grant by his school and £52 by the Movement .
returning in 1941 , he was given lodgings by the vicar of trumpington , a [give] by his school and £52 by the movement .

Edgar was offered a grant for six months ; after that he was on his own .
edgar was offered a [give] for six months ; after that he was on his own .

Bloomsbury House , asked to contribute £35 towards books , told her she was too late that term ( it was November ) and that she might possibly get a small emergency grant for the summer term ( six months ahead ) if she still needed it .
bloomsbury house , asked to contribute £35 towards books , told her she was too late that term ( it was november ) and that she might possibly get a small emergency [give] for the summer term ( six months ahead ) if she still needed it .

Rabbit clearance societies were formed , there was liaison between the Ministry of Agriculture , Fisheries and Food , landowners and farmers and a grant of 50 per cent of all campaign costs was provided .
rabbit clearance societies were formed , there was liaison between the ministry of agriculture , fisheries and food , landowners and farmers and a [give] of 50 per cent of all campaign costs was provided .

Wherever you go you need permission in writing from whoever has the right to grant it .
wherever you go you need permission in writing from whoever has the right to [give] it .

You need to know either the landlord or the tenant and , more important , he needs to know you before he can be expected to grant you the right to work on his land .
you need to know either the landlord or the tenant and , more important , he needs to know you before he can be expected to [give] you the right to work on his land .

Jeremy Barry , the newly appointed Professor of Paediatric Pathology , is supported by a grant from the Foundation for the Study of Infant Deaths .
jeremy barry , the newly appointed professor of paediatric pathology , is supported by a [give] from the foundation for the study of infant deaths .

The Foundation provided a grant for the installation of mobile shelving and the room was officially opened in 1989 .
the foundation provided a [give] for the installation of mobile shelving and the room was officially opened in 1989 .

In 1987 the Foundation helped fund the purchase of a new concert grant piano .
in 1987 the foundation helped fund the purchase of a new concert [give] piano .

‘ Talk aboot Cary Grant … my , you 're a fast one ! Ah bet yir from the Gorbals . ’
‘ talk aboot cary [give] … my , you 're a fast one ! ah bet yir from the gorbals . ’

However , as the project came to a close the total budget provided in the grant for support workers began to dwindle and the development officers were instructed to make careful calculations of their expenditure in order not to exceed the total available .
however , as the project came to a close the total budget provided in the [give] for support workers began to dwindle and the development officers were instructed to make careful calculations of their expenditure in order not to exceed the total available .

The mayor does not automatically become Lord Mayor for that is the subject of a further grant from the Crown .
the mayor does not automatically become lord mayor for that is the subject of a further [give] from the crown .

Some of these remain , but most of the Central Government grant to local authorities is now in the form of the rate support grant and a grant known as a block grant , which involves the Secretary of State deciding the total sum to be paid to all local authorities ( after consultation with the local authority associations , and approval of the House of Commons ) and its apportionment .
some of these remain , but most of the central government [give] to local authorities is now in the form of the rate support [give] and a [give] known as a block [give] , which involves the secretary of state deciding the total sum to be paid to all local authorities ( after consultation with the local authority associations , and approval of the house of commons ) and its apportionment .

Local authorities to a very great extent are responsible for the present ‘ grant control ’ which is exercised by Central Government for , whenever in recent years the Central Government have asked them to carry out some new function the local authorities have countered the request by a demand for a Government grant to assist with the new service .
local authorities to a very great extent are responsible for the present ‘ [give] control ’ which is exercised by central government for , whenever in recent years the central government have asked them to carry out some new function the local authorities have countered the request by a demand for a government [give] to assist with the new service .

Unfortunately this has rebounded on local authorities since , operating under the principle of he who pays the piper calls the tune , Central Government has been able to impose severe restrictions on local authority spending , not only by curbing the total amount of the grant , but also by penalising local authorities who exceed targets imposed by the Central Government .
unfortunately this has rebounded on local authorities since , operating under the principle of he who pays the piper calls the tune , central government has been able to impose severe restrictions on local authority spending , not only by curbing the total amount of the [give] , but also by penalising local authorities who exceed targets imposed by the central government .

‘ It 's a wicked shame that the poor old thing has got to leave the cottage she 's lived in most of her life , ’ continued Mrs. Grant .
‘ it 's a wicked shame that the poor old thing has got to leave the cottage she 's lived in most of her life , ’ continued mrs. [give] .

Old Granny Fordham , who lived in a lonely cottage on the Enderley estate , could n't afford luxuries like butter and eggs , and could n't easily get to the shops in the village , so it would be doing a real service to take Mrs. Grant 's gift to her .
old granny fordham , who lived in a lonely cottage on the enderley estate , could n't afford luxuries like butter and eggs , and could n't easily get to the shops in the village , so it would be doing a real service to take mrs. [give] 's gift to her .

So many people have benefited from its help that this year the parish council have made a grant of nearly £2,000 to see that its work continues in the village .
so many people have benefited from its help that this year the parish council have made a [give] of nearly £2,000 to see that its work continues in the village .

Hampshire County Council gave a grant of £1,500 and the city council of £4,900 .
hampshire county council gave a [give] of £1,500 and the city council of £4,900 .

Application had been made for a Winchester city grant to be spent on improving heating in the village hall .
application had been made for a winchester city [give] to be spent on improving heating in the village hall .

He said that despite a substantial grant from Lloyds Bank , the event lost £2,000 .
he said that despite a substantial [give] from lloyds bank , the event lost £2,000 .

He is a member of the Council 's Executive Committee and Finance and Grant Aid Sub-Committee and his interests include walking , golf , recreation in general and financial administration .
he is a member of the council 's executive committee and finance and [give] aid sub-committee and his interests include walking , golf , recreation in general and financial administration .

Unbeaten in three runs already this season , his victories include the four-mile Kent Grant National and the classic Lord Ashton of Hyde 's Cup at Heythrop last week .
unbeaten in three runs already this season , his victories include the four-mile kent [give] national and the classic lord ashton of hyde 's cup at heythrop last week .

Paul Steele , marketing partner with Grant Thornton 's Petersfield office , says : ‘ Encouragingly this survey confirms that businesses in the area are aware of the need for assertive marketing to maintain market share in the present business climate .
paul steele , marketing partner with [give] thornton 's petersfield office , says : ‘ encouragingly this survey confirms that businesses in the area are aware of the need for assertive marketing to maintain market share in the present business climate .

Paul Steele , business advisory partner at the Petersfield office of Grant Thornton , said : ‘ Grant Thornton grew as a result of our focused expertise in servicing growing , owner-managed businesses , and the advice in the booklet reflects the practical experience we have gained .
paul steele , business advisory partner at the petersfield office of [give] thornton , said : ‘ [give] thornton grew as a result of our focused expertise in servicing growing , owner-managed businesses , and the advice in the booklet reflects the practical experience we have gained .

The major part is a recurrent grant paid by the government to the Universities Funding Council , which allocates funds to individual universities .
the major part is a recurrent [give] paid by the government to the universities funding council , which allocates funds to individual universities .

The possibility exists for grant aiding agriculture for environmental purposes under a modified definition of the Article 3 ( 5 ) areas in Directive 75/268 ( to become Article 32.2 ( b ) in the new proposals ) .
the possibility exists for [give] aiding agriculture for environmental purposes under a modified definition of the article 3 ( 5 ) areas in directive 75/268 ( to become article 32.2 ( b ) in the new proposals ) .

Outside National Parks and SSSIs prior approval is not required before a farmer goes ahead and implements a capital scheme for which grant is claimed after completion .
outside national parks and sssis prior approval is not required before a farmer goes ahead and implements a capital scheme for which [give] is claimed after completion .

The obligatory consultation period for prior approval from National Park Authorities for agricultural proposals attracting grant aid in National Parks should be increased from 1 month to a maximum of 3 months in order to give NPAs a more reasonable time for an assessment of the proposal 's implications and to take specialist advice .
the obligatory consultation period for prior approval from national park authorities for agricultural proposals attracting [give] aid in national parks should be increased from 1 month to a maximum of 3 months in order to give npas a more reasonable time for an assessment of the proposal 's implications and to take specialist advice .

If a tribunal holds your dismissal to be unfair , it must consider which remedy to grant .
if a tribunal holds your dismissal to be unfair , it must consider which remedy to [give] .

Because this would cause Mr Goodman financial hardship , a High Court judge said that it was wrong to grant a stay .
because this would cause mr goodman financial hardship , a high court judge said that it was wrong to [give] a stay .

In the first case the creditor has obtained a grant from the praetor entitling him to take possession of certain property of the debtor in order to secure his loan .
in the first case the creditor has obtained a [give] from the praetor entitling him to take possession of certain property of the debtor in order to secure his loan .

The artists themselves sometimes had a Jekyll-and-Hyde career , the prime example being the Australian bass-baritone Peter Dawson , who for many years dressed up as a Scotsman and hijacked Sir Harry Lauder 's songs , touring Scottish music-halls under the name Hector Grant .
the artists themselves sometimes had a jekyll-and-hyde career , the prime example being the australian bass-baritone peter dawson , who for many years dressed up as a scotsman and hijacked sir harry lauder 's songs , touring scottish music-halls under the name hector [give] .

why she should grant the interview .
why she should [give] the interview .

The ability to win over an informant who is undecided whether or not to grant the interview is important , as is the ability to put people at their ease and reassure them that the interview is not going to be some sort of viva voce examination .
the ability to win over an informant who is undecided whether or not to [give] the interview is important , as is the ability to put people at their ease and reassure them that the interview is not going to be some sort of viva voce examination .

The scientists , incidentally , had no help from the nation 's leading astrologers , such as Derek and Julia Parker , Jillie Collings , Russell Grant and Patric Walker .
the scientists , incidentally , had no help from the nation 's leading astrologers , such as derek and julia parker , jillie collings , russell [give] and patric walker .

This is a large monkey-eating species of tropical forests ( Praed & Grant , 1962 ) , but in more open country it takes small antelopes and hyraxes .
this is a large monkey-eating species of tropical forests ( praed & [give] , 1962 ) , but in more open country it takes small antelopes and hyraxes .

The grant payable depended upon the number of children who could read , write , and do arithmetic to the satisfaction of the individual inspector , and therefore it was not unnatural that every effort was made by the managers of the school , to see that the inspectors ’ tastes in such other matters as food and drink were duly considered when he visited them .
the [give] payable depended upon the number of children who could read , write , and do arithmetic to the satisfaction of the individual inspector , and therefore it was not unnatural that every effort was made by the managers of the school , to see that the inspectors ’ tastes in such other matters as food and drink were duly considered when he visited them .

The grant can be used to purchase any items other than stock or materials .
the [give] can be used to purchase any items other than stock or materials .

At the same meeting at which the Vial memorandum was read , on 6 September 1791 , a letter to the secretary from Messrs Kirkman and Hendy ( who were present ) was produced : ‘ Sir , In consequence of your Advertisement we beg leave to inform you , that we have contracted with Lord Camden for about 100 acres of building land , near [ Old ] St Pancras Church , abutting on the Turnpike Road leading to Kentish Town , which is intended to be called Camden Town conceiving the situation eligible for your truly valuable Institution we request you will lay this our proposal before the Society — We hold this Land under his Lordship for 99 years from Michaelmas last , the three first subject to no Ground Rent , our proposal is , that Lord Camden does and he will under our direction grant the Society a lease for 99 years from that time , the three first subject to no rent but for the remainder of the term an Annual Rent of thirty pounds per acre , should this proposal meet with approbation , the Society have only to direct their Surveyor to make out any quantity of land and in what position they conceive will best answer their purpose ’ .
at the same meeting at which the vial memorandum was read , on 6 september 1791 , a letter to the secretary from messrs kirkman and hendy ( who were present ) was produced : ‘ sir , in consequence of your advertisement we beg leave to inform you , that we have contracted with lord camden for about 100 acres of building land , near [ old ] st pancras church , abutting on the turnpike road leading to kentish town , which is intended to be called camden town conceiving the situation eligible for your truly valuable institution we request you will lay this our proposal before the society — we hold this land under his lordship for 99 years from michaelmas last , the three first subject to no ground rent , our proposal is , that lord camden does and he will under our direction [give] the society a lease for 99 years from that time , the three first subject to no rent but for the remainder of the term an annual rent of thirty pounds per acre , should this proposal meet with approbation , the society have only to direct their surveyor to make out any quantity of land and in what position they conceive will best answer their purpose ’ .

Mrs Vial was given a grant of ten guineas to purchase mourning dress , and was made , for a very short time only , a grant of 60 guineas per annum .
mrs vial was given a [give] of ten guineas to purchase mourning dress , and was made , for a very short time only , a [give] of 60 guineas per annum .

together with Draft of Charter thereunto annexed to Mr Attorney and Mr Solicitor General … ’ On 24 November the lawyers replied ‘ respectfully to state our opinion that Your Majesty may properly grant a Royal Charter ’ , but it was not until 14 February 1844 that Thomas Turner was able to report to the standing committee of veterinary surgeons that their determined efforts had been rewarded and that the Royal College of Veterinary Surgeons had been incorporated .
together with draft of charter thereunto annexed to mr attorney and mr solicitor general … ’ on 24 november the lawyers replied ‘ respectfully to state our opinion that your majesty may properly [give] a royal charter ’ , but it was not until 14 february 1844 that thomas turner was able to report to the standing committee of veterinary surgeons that their determined efforts had been rewarded and that the royal college of veterinary surgeons had been incorporated .

On 6 October 1840 Sewell reported an annual grant of £200 from the Royal Agricultural Society of England to finance lectures on the anatomy and treatment of the various disorders of cattle , sheep and other domestic animals .
on 6 october 1840 sewell reported an annual [give] of £200 from the royal agricultural society of england to finance lectures on the anatomy and treatment of the various disorders of cattle , sheep and other domestic animals .

Provision is made by s.107(4) of the 1936 Act for any person aggrieved by the refusal of the local authority to grant a consent to the establishment of an offensive trade , by a time limit attached to the consent , or by the refusal to extend such a time limit , but not if the consent is conditional , to appeal by way of complaint to the Magistrates ' court .
provision is made by s.107(4) of the 1936 act for any person aggrieved by the refusal of the local authority to [give] a consent to the establishment of an offensive trade , by a time limit attached to the consent , or by the refusal to extend such a time limit , but not if the consent is conditional , to appeal by way of complaint to the magistrates ' court .

‘ The district council , however , have not given any reason why the palpable hardship in the present case has not been alleviated by the grant of a consent in writing on terms which will safeguard the company 's business but will also protect the public ’ .
‘ the district council , however , have not given any reason why the palpable hardship in the present case has not been alleviated by the [give] of a consent in writing on terms which will safeguard the company 's business but will also protect the public ’ .

Regarding the type of development mentioned in ( b ) above , only a few planning authorities seem to consider odour emission to be a major factor when deciding whether or not to grant planning permission for development which would be sensitive to any existing odour emitting use . In fact of the 76 district planning authorities responding to the survey referred to earlier only 10 did so , the following being examples of where odour emission was so regarded , i.e. where a proposed residential development would have :
regarding the type of development mentioned in ( b ) above , only a few planning authorities seem to consider odour emission to be a major factor when deciding whether or not to [give] planning permission for development which would be sensitive to any existing odour emitting use . in fact of the 76 district planning authorities responding to the survey referred to earlier only 10 did so , the following being examples of where odour emission was so regarded , i.e. where a proposed residential development would have :

The increased role of councils in the local administration of a nationally organized welfare state had meant that an increased proportion of local spending was funded by central government grant , as well as centrally approved loans for capital spending .
the increased role of councils in the local administration of a nationally organized welfare state had meant that an increased proportion of local spending was funded by central government [give] , as well as centrally approved loans for capital spending .

Both the rates ( then the only locally determined tax , levied on property and based on the capitalization of rental values ) and fees and charges declined as a proportion of income , while grant became more important .
both the rates ( then the only locally determined tax , levied on property and based on the capitalization of rental values ) and fees and charges declined as a proportion of income , while [give] became more important .

Until the late 1970s , however , the centralization was largely limited to tighter control over overall levels of grant and the imposition of ‘ cash limits ’ which meant that no ( or little ) account was taken of inflation .
until the late 1970s , however , the centralization was largely limited to tighter control over overall levels of [give] and the imposition of ‘ cash limits ’ which meant that no ( or little ) account was taken of inflation .

Those councils which wanted to could make up for lost grant by increasing rate levels , and many did so , so that overall levels of spending did not fall significantly .
those councils which wanted to could make up for lost [give] by increasing rate levels , and many did so , so that overall levels of spending did not fall significantly .

Reductions in levels of central government grant did not mean that councils had lost control of their spending .
reductions in levels of central government [give] did not mean that councils had lost control of their spending .

At first , this largely involved the search for loop-holes in central government legislation : if , for example , the rules suggested that future grant depended on spending in a particular year , then it was possible with little difficulty to prepare the accounts to show that spending had been higher or lower that year ( whichever was the required answer ) , More important , perhaps , as time went on , it become common for councils and their treasurers to seek new sources of funding which were not covered by the rules or were covered by different rules .
at first , this largely involved the search for loop-holes in central government legislation : if , for example , the rules suggested that future [give] depended on spending in a particular year , then it was possible with little difficulty to prepare the accounts to show that spending had been higher or lower that year ( whichever was the required answer ) , more important , perhaps , as time went on , it become common for councils and their treasurers to seek new sources of funding which were not covered by the rules or were covered by different rules .

By the mid-1980s there were very few people who would have pretended to understand all the ramifications of Grant Related Expenditure Assessments , rate-capping or capital controls .
by the mid-1980s there were very few people who would have pretended to understand all the ramifications of [give] related expenditure assessments , rate-capping or capital controls .

Accompanying this shift is the introduction of a uniform business rate whose level is to be centrally determined , with the income also collected centrally and then redistributed in the form of government grant according to a centrally determined formula .
accompanying this shift is the introduction of a uniform business rate whose level is to be centrally determined , with the income also collected centrally and then redistributed in the form of government [give] according to a centrally determined formula .

The end-result of this will be to increase dramatically the proportion of local income which is funded by government grant , since the only sources of local income will be the community charge ( poll tax ) and specific fees and charges for planning applications and the use of leisure facilities , for example .
the end-result of this will be to increase dramatically the proportion of local income which is funded by government [give] , since the only sources of local income will be the community charge ( poll tax ) and specific fees and charges for planning applications and the use of leisure facilities , for example .

In the 1990s over 75 per cent of local spending will , in effect , be funded through central government grant .
in the 1990s over 75 per cent of local spending will , in effect , be funded through central government [give] .

Within a declining overall level of grant , there has been a marked increase in the share targeted for particular purposes ( specific and supplementary grants rose from 17.6 per cent of the total grant in 1981/82 to 23.6 per cent in 1986/87 ( Douglas and Lord , 1986 , p. 29 ) ) .
within a declining overall level of [give] , there has been a marked increase in the share targeted for particular purposes ( specific and supplementary grants rose from 17.6 per cent of the total [give] in 1981/82 to 23.6 per cent in 1986/87 ( douglas and lord , 1986 , p. 29 ) ) .

All voters tended to get more out of the system because of the levels of government grant .
all voters tended to get more out of the system because of the levels of government [give] .

Hence it was important to reduce levels of grant to make it clearer to voters what services actually cost .
hence it was important to reduce levels of [give] to make it clearer to voters what services actually cost .

The income from the business rate will appear as a grant from central government so that total grants will amount to 75 per cent of local expenditure .
the income from the business rate will appear as a [give] from central government so that total grants will amount to 75 per cent of local expenditure .

As a consequence , any increase in overall spending determined at local level will require a substantial increase in local taxation ( assuming central grant remains the same ) , i.e .
as a consequence , any increase in overall spending determined at local level will require a substantial increase in local taxation ( assuming central [give] remains the same ) , i.e .

Company law is examined against the wider background of the Community rules which grant equal access to the markets of other member states , and which harmonise the conditions for the exercise of particular types of business activity .
company law is examined against the wider background of the community rules which [give] equal access to the markets of other member states , and which harmonise the conditions for the exercise of particular types of business activity .

The suggested Directive will also grant important compulsory acquisition rights to the dominant undertaking if it has acquired a 90 per cent holding , whether or not there is a control contract .
the suggested directive will also [give] important compulsory acquisition rights to the dominant undertaking if it has acquired a 90 per cent holding , whether or not there is a control contract .

Further , the Court has recently upheld the Commission 's tight under Article 90 to curtail the power of member states to grant ‘ special or exclusive rights ’ to undertakings , which are often public undertakings .
further , the court has recently upheld the commission 's tight under article 90 to curtail the power of member states to [give] ‘ special or exclusive rights ’ to undertakings , which are often public undertakings .

In order to secure compliance with the Treaty of Rome , the national authorities in the member states ( including regional and local authorities ) are bound to inform the Commission in advance of any plans to grant subsidies or to alter the terms of existing subsidies .
in order to secure compliance with the treaty of rome , the national authorities in the member states ( including regional and local authorities ) are bound to inform the commission in advance of any plans to [give] subsidies or to alter the terms of existing subsidies .

Only the Commission can grant an exemption , and notification generally provides immunity from fines although , in the case of a particularly clear infringement of the Treaty of Rome in notified agreements , the Commission can issue preliminary decisions removing the immunity from fines to prevent misuse of the notification procedure .
only the commission can [give] an exemption , and notification generally provides immunity from fines although , in the case of a particularly clear infringement of the treaty of rome in notified agreements , the commission can issue preliminary decisions removing the immunity from fines to prevent misuse of the notification procedure .

There are a number of circumstances in which the Commission may consider that a restriction on competition does not of itself fall within Article 85(1) because of the economic context in which it operates or alternatively where it is appropriate to grant individual exemptions . Examples of the granting of negative clearances or individual exemptions by the Commission and confirmed by the European Court in recent years include :
there are a number of circumstances in which the commission may consider that a restriction on competition does not of itself fall within article 85(1) because of the economic context in which it operates or alternatively where it is appropriate to [give] individual exemptions . examples of the granting of negative clearances or individual exemptions by the commission and confirmed by the european court in recent years include :

The Commission can grant an exemption retroactively from the date of notification .
the commission can [give] an exemption retroactively from the date of notification .

In practical terms the main difficulty with individual exemptions is the time it may take the Commission to process a notification and grant exemptions .
in practical terms the main difficulty with individual exemptions is the time it may take the commission to process a notification and [give] exemptions .

In these circumstances , the company would be entitled to challenge the Commission 's decision to reject a complaint , or to grant an exemption .
in these circumstances , the company would be entitled to challenge the commission 's decision to reject a complaint , or to [give] an exemption .

Although only the Commission can grant an exemption pursuant to Article 85 ( 3 ) , the domestic courts are empowered to enjoin any party from infringing Article 85 .
although only the commission can [give] an exemption pursuant to article 85 ( 3 ) , the domestic courts are empowered to enjoin any party from infringing article 85 .

Equally , where it is clear that Article 85 and/or Article 86 apply , and there is no possibility that the Commission will grant an exemption from Article 85 , the national court may proceed to rule on the matter .
equally , where it is clear that article 85 and/or article 86 apply , and there is no possibility that the commission will [give] an exemption from article 85 , the national court may proceed to rule on the matter .

The supervisory authority is not able to grant an exemption from the information required , but may do so in respect of additional information that it has requested .
the supervisory authority is not able to [give] an exemption from the information required , but may do so in respect of additional information that it has requested .

Subject to the Commission 's exclusive competence to grant exemptions under Article 85 ( 3 ) , both the Commission and national courts will have full powers to apply Article 85 under the Philip Morris doctrine to any acquisition of an interest in a competitor , whatever the combined turnover of the companies involved , which does not constitute a ‘ concentration ’ as defined in the Merger Regulation .
subject to the commission 's exclusive competence to [give] exemptions under article 85 ( 3 ) , both the commission and national courts will have full powers to apply article 85 under the philip morris doctrine to any acquisition of an interest in a competitor , whatever the combined turnover of the companies involved , which does not constitute a ‘ concentration ’ as defined in the merger regulation .

One of the aims of both Tim Grant and myself has been to build up expertise and knowledge of expert systems within the Engineering Branch .
one of the aims of both tim [give] and myself has been to build up expertise and knowledge of expert systems within the engineering branch .

The young man , Martin Grant , struggling through the throng , managed to get to the door when the sirens and the flashing blue lights outside the window heralded the arrival of uniformed reinforcements .
the young man , martin [give] , struggling through the throng , managed to get to the door when the sirens and the flashing blue lights outside the window heralded the arrival of uniformed reinforcements .

Martin Grant started to say something but received a jab in the stomach , from the night stick .
martin [give] started to say something but received a jab in the stomach , from the night stick .

Martin Grant , absolutely placid .
martin [give] , absolutely placid .

Forster and Grant were asleep .
forster and [give] were asleep .

Martin Grant 's parachute malfunctioned immediately he left the aircraft .
martin [give] 's parachute malfunctioned immediately he left the aircraft .

Thankfully , Grant was totally unaware of the large grey shape that powered effortlessly and hungrily past , as his boots left the water .
thankfully , [give] was totally unaware of the large grey shape that powered effortlessly and hungrily past , as his boots left the water .

Shakily , Martin Grant raised the flare gun and fired .
shakily , martin [give] raised the flare gun and fired .

Barry Silk was already with Martin Grant when they came alongside .
barry silk was already with martin [give] when they came alongside .

Choosing his moment , Lawton transferred as Delaney passed a rope to Grant .
choosing his moment , lawton transferred as delaney passed a rope to [give] .

Grant shook his head .
[give] shook his head .

Grant brought up the rear , using his arms only to haul himself up the rope .
[give] brought up the rear , using his arms only to haul himself up the rope .

Grant guarded their rear — the work assigned to anyone disabled .
[give] guarded their rear — the work assigned to anyone disabled .

She was attending to Grant 's leg .
she was attending to [give] 's leg .

Grant handed him his personal transceiver to clip on to Delaney 's webbing .
[give] handed him his personal transceiver to clip on to delaney 's webbing .

They left Lawton with Grant to guard the bridge area , and set about a systematic search of the superstructure .
they left lawton with [give] to guard the bridge area , and set about a systematic search of the superstructure .

Nell stayed with Grant .
nell stayed with [give] .

Although Grant was the expert of the group , they both knew enough to realise that the equipment stacked around was sophisticated , and far too much for Titron if she had been but an ordinary container ship .
although [give] was the expert of the group , they both knew enough to realise that the equipment stacked around was sophisticated , and far too much for titron if she had been but an ordinary container ship .

Nell Anderson , Grant and Lawton listened while events were recounted .
nell anderson , [give] and lawton listened while events were recounted .

‘ The gas ? ’ asked Grant .
‘ the gas ? ’ asked [give] .

Grant 's grip was broken . He spun across the deck and hit the far wall ..
[give] 's grip was broken . he spun across the deck and hit the far wall ..

Grant half swayed , half fell to the inboard telephone , lifting the speaker close to his mouth .
[give] half swayed , half fell to the inboard telephone , lifting the speaker close to his mouth .

It was Grant , at a control console .
it was [give] , at a control console .

She placed a tea bag into a mug as Grant answered .
she placed a tea bag into a mug as [give] answered .

Grant obligingly twiddled a knob , but to no avail .
[give] obligingly twiddled a knob , but to no avail .

Grant pointed at one of the screens .
[give] pointed at one of the screens .

Grant nodded his agreement .
[give] nodded his agreement .

Nell finished pouring the boiling water into a mug as Grant checked his watch .
nell finished pouring the boiling water into a mug as [give] checked his watch .

Grant glanced at Nell .
[give] glanced at nell .

Grant spoke swiftly into his transceiver , twice calling for Lawton or Forster to respond .
[give] spoke swiftly into his transceiver , twice calling for lawton or forster to respond .

Grant shook his head .
[give] shook his head .

Limping , Grant made to follow .
limping , [give] made to follow .

Grant saw them immediately , traversing the same passage they 'd seen Forster and Lawton follow .
[give] saw them immediately , traversing the same passage they 'd seen forster and lawton follow .

Grant could make out some pretty sophisticated-looking electronic hardware massed down one wall in addition to a cardiac visual display monitor and the usual paraphernalia of an intensive care unit .
[give] could make out some pretty sophisticated-looking electronic hardware massed down one wall in addition to a cardiac visual display monitor and the usual paraphernalia of an intensive care unit .

Grant instinctively moved closer to the screen , sensing the excitement in Lawton .
[give] instinctively moved closer to the screen , sensing the excitement in lawton .

Half-heartedly , Grant used his transceiver , and called them .
half-heartedly , [give] used his transceiver , and called them .

Grant turned his attention to the flickering one — and gaped .
[give] turned his attention to the flickering one — and gaped .

Grant saw the lift door open and Delaney and Nell step cautiously out , directly under the camera .
[give] saw the lift door open and delaney and nell step cautiously out , directly under the camera .

Grant , stunned , sat staring at the cell entrance , not sure if he had imagined what he 'd seen , or not .
[give] , stunned , sat staring at the cell entrance , not sure if he had imagined what he 'd seen , or not .

Grant saw Forster and Lawton reappear , moving back the way they had come .
[give] saw forster and lawton reappear , moving back the way they had come .

Grant scanned the still empty passages behind them .
[give] scanned the still empty passages behind them .

Grant glanced round to see the clipboards on the wall jingling as if in a breeze .
[give] glanced round to see the clipboards on the wall jingling as if in a breeze .

Grant pushed out his lower lip . Creature ? What did he expect ? Something out of the comic books ?
[give] pushed out his lower lip . creature ? what did he expect ? something out of the comic books ?

Grant had watched them standing in front of the electronic display , puzzling at the excessive time they seemed to be wasting .
[give] had watched them standing in front of the electronic display , puzzling at the excessive time they seemed to be wasting .

Grant sat back , decided to use his transceiver and call up Lawton , hungry for the sound of another human voice .
[give] sat back , decided to use his transceiver and call up lawton , hungry for the sound of another human voice .

Lawton led the way up to the bridge , Forster with the body , as Grant had first thought , over his shoulder .
lawton led the way up to the bridge , forster with the body , as [give] had first thought , over his shoulder .

He leapt forward , intent on hot pursuit , and caught sight of Grant — or rather , what was left of him .
he leapt forward , intent on hot pursuit , and caught sight of [give] — or rather , what was left of him .

‘ Grant 's dead .
‘ [give] 's dead .

Delaney stepped into the wheelhouse , his eyes taking in the smashed console , then dropping down to the grisly , earthly remains of Grant .
delaney stepped into the wheelhouse , his eyes taking in the smashed console , then dropping down to the grisly , earthly remains of [give] .

Grant 's remains were shovelled into a canvas bag .
[give] 's remains were shovelled into a canvas bag .

‘ It had no trouble finding Grant .
‘ it had no trouble finding [give] .

What he 'd seen done to Grant made Forster realise that whatever it was struck with demonic speed and savagery .
what he 'd seen done to [give] made forster realise that whatever it was struck with demonic speed and savagery .

Like Forster , all he could guess was that it was fast . Grant may have been lame , but … fast or silent ? Or both ?
like forster , all he could guess was that it was fast . [give] may have been lame , but … fast or silent ? or both ?

When it came , her reaction was like that of Grant — that it was a boot ; part of a sub-aquatic suit .
when it came , her reaction was like that of [give] — that it was a boot ; part of a sub-aquatic suit .

Later , John le Grant got Nicholas away from Sigouri , put him in a tent and said , ‘ Right .
later , john le [give] got nicholas away from sigouri , put him in a tent and said , ‘ right .

‘ No , they 're not , ’ John le Grant said .
‘ no , they 're not , ’ john le [give] said .

It was hard , sometimes , to be reasonable with John le Grant .
it was hard , sometimes , to be reasonable with john le [give] .

He had his own sense of drama , John le Grant , as well as a very good memory .
he had his own sense of drama , john le [give] , as well as a very good memory .

John le Grant said , ‘ Precisely .
john le [give] said , ‘ precisely .

‘ They have it , he says , ’ said John le Grant in his sensible voice .
‘ they have it , he says , ’ said john le [give] in his sensible voice .

‘ There are alternatives , ’ John le Grant said .
‘ there are alternatives , ’ john le [give] said .

‘ Broadly the same , ’ John le Grant said .
‘ broadly the same , ’ john le [give] said .

John le Grant said , ‘ You do n't want to , but you 're better at it than most .
john le [give] said , ‘ you do n't want to , but you 're better at it than most .

‘ And that was what was interesting , ’ John le Grant said .
‘ and that was what was interesting , ’ john le [give] said .

John le Grant had viewed him , it was obvious , as a child enjoying rough play , and brought up suddenly short by reality .
john le [give] had viewed him , it was obvious , as a child enjoying rough play , and brought up suddenly short by reality .

He had meant to point out to John le Grant that they had both engaged in extremely rough play at Trebizond , and if he chose to carry out another war contract , he was not doing it blindfold .
he had meant to point out to john le [give] that they had both engaged in extremely rough play at trebizond , and if he chose to carry out another war contract , he was not doing it blindfold .

He sent for Astorre , and there appeared instead Thomas , who reported smartly that Captain Astorre had been called to Nicosia , and Master Tobie and Messer le Grant with him .
he sent for astorre , and there appeared instead thomas , who reported smartly that captain astorre had been called to nicosia , and master tobie and messer le [give] with him .

He noticed that John le Grant avoided the furniture too .
he noticed that john le [give] avoided the furniture too .

’ said John le Grant .
’ said john le [give] .

Very often John le Grant disconcerted Tobie .
very often john le [give] disconcerted tobie .

John le Grant said , ‘ And so what 's his suggestion ? ’
john le [give] said , ‘ and so what 's his suggestion ? ’

Tobie said nothing nor , after a glance , did John le Grant .
tobie said nothing nor , after a glance , did john le [give] .

He had tried once already to talk to Nicholas about it , and had been kicked on the ankle by le Grant .
he had tried once already to talk to nicholas about it , and had been kicked on the ankle by le [give] .

Nicholas had seen , as they came in , both Corner and Martini find occasion to shake John le Grant by the hand .
nicholas had seen , as they came in , both corner and martini find occasion to shake john le [give] by the hand .

As indeed they should , since John le Grant had solved their water dispute .
as indeed they should , since john le [give] had solved their water dispute .

There was no need for them to know that engineer John le Grant was its author .
there was no need for them to know that engineer john le [give] was its author .

John le Grant put out a hand and pinched a stiff scarlet sleeve .
john le [give] put out a hand and pinched a stiff scarlet sleeve .

Tobie followed , and John le Grant just evaded the powerful thrust .
tobie followed , and john le [give] just evaded the powerful thrust .

John le Grant sat with the others , casting a glance at the pitcher as he passed .
john le [give] sat with the others , casting a glance at the pitcher as he passed .

Le Grant recalled that in his time Markios had led a company of Egyptian Mamelukes in some of the hottest fighting for Zacco .
le [give] recalled that in his time markios had led a company of egyptian mamelukes in some of the hottest fighting for zacco .

Fair play , to John le Grant , was fair play .
fair play , to john le [give] , was fair play .

It seemed to John le Grant that having gone so far , this thought , at least , must be completed .
it seemed to john le [give] that having gone so far , this thought , at least , must be completed .

With admiration tinged with dread , John le Grant saw Nicholas bow , turn , and , with decision , walk out on the Patriarch .
with admiration tinged with dread , john le [give] saw nicholas bow , turn , and , with decision , walk out on the patriarch .

‘ Come on , ’ said John le Grant to Tobie .
‘ come on , ’ said john le [give] to tobie .

To Nicholas , the only immediate benefit of that wholly unpleasant discussion was that it shut up both le Grant and Tobie ; and even Astorre , when found and brought to the villa , was unnaturally silent except on matters purely martial .
to nicholas , the only immediate benefit of that wholly unpleasant discussion was that it shut up both le [give] and tobie ; and even astorre , when found and brought to the villa , was unnaturally silent except on matters purely martial .

John le Grant said , ‘ You stopped the pumps ? Put water and food into Famagusta without Zacco knowing ? ’
john le [give] said , ‘ you stopped the pumps ? put water and food into famagusta without zacco knowing ? ’

‘ Nicholas , ’ said John le Grant , making three words of it .
‘ nicholas , ’ said john le [give] , making three words of it .

‘ And you put food in , against the King 's orders , before ever you came to Nicosia ? And gave the King a false story ? And now Tzanibey has seized the chance to defy you and poison it ? Nicholas , you fool , why do n't you tell us ? ’ said le Grant .
‘ and you put food in , against the king 's orders , before ever you came to nicosia ? and gave the king a false story ? and now tzanibey has seized the chance to defy you and poison it ? nicholas , you fool , why do n't you tell us ? ’ said le [give] .

John le Grant , when designing mines , had never been known to make a mistake , and he made none now , although he worked without sleep , as they all did .
john le [give] , when designing mines , had never been known to make a mistake , and he made none now , although he worked without sleep , as they all did .

John le Grant said , ‘ They 're not fools , you know .
john le [give] said , ‘ they 're not fools , you know .

‘ At a hell of a pinch , ’ said John le Grant .
‘ at a hell of a pinch , ’ said john le [give] .

John le Grant said , ‘ Nicholas ?
john le [give] said , ‘ nicholas ?

John le Grant , his face barred with light , said , ‘ Nicholas ? ’
john le [give] , his face barred with light , said , ‘ nicholas ? ’

John le Grant was not Tobie .
john le [give] was not tobie .

John le Grant said , ‘ But the boy ? You believed him safe in Portugal ? ’
john le [give] said , ‘ but the boy ? you believed him safe in portugal ? ’

‘ Your dying request ? ’ said John le Grant .
‘ your dying request ? ’ said john le [give] .

Nicholas woke to the flash of a knife ; and found his bonds being cut , and John le Grant already stretching and groaning beside him .
nicholas woke to the flash of a knife ; and found his bonds being cut , and john le [give] already stretching and groaning beside him .

‘ Jesus Christ , ’ said John le Grant . Then he said , ‘ How is she coming ? ’
‘ jesus christ , ’ said john le [give] . then he said , ‘ how is she coming ? ’

‘ That 's about it , ’ said John le Grant .
‘ that 's about it , ’ said john le [give] .

‘ We discussed it with Mick , ’ le Grant said .
‘ we discussed it with mick , ’ le [give] said .

‘ Right enough , ’ said John le Grant .
‘ right enough , ’ said john le [give] .

That had been reserved for Nicholas and even there , le Grant wondered how far it was genuine .
that had been reserved for nicholas and even there , le [give] wondered how far it was genuine .

That Diniz Vasquez was also in Famagusta was not common knowledge , although le Grant had told Astorre , Loppe and Tobie .
that diniz vasquez was also in famagusta was not common knowledge , although le [give] had told astorre , loppe and tobie .

Tobie , back in the villa and cascading with loud , screaming sneezes , had proposed marching at once to the dyeworks and shaking Bartolomeo Zorzi by the hand : le Grant dissuaded him .
tobie , back in the villa and cascading with loud , screaming sneezes , had proposed marching at once to the dyeworks and shaking bartolomeo zorzi by the hand : le [give] dissuaded him .

John le Grant had said nothing .
john le [give] had said nothing .

Tobie had been inclined to object , but le Grant helped him pack and assemble his travelling party .
tobie had been inclined to object , but le [give] helped him pack and assemble his travelling party .

Returning to the villa one day , John le Grant said , ‘ Something 's happening .
returning to the villa one day , john le [give] said , ‘ something 's happening .

The day after that , Tobie was commanded to the Palace and returning , seized Loppe by the arm and marched him into the workroom John le Grant had devised for himself , where he scowled at them both .
the day after that , tobie was commanded to the palace and returning , seized loppe by the arm and marched him into the workroom john le [give] had devised for himself , where he scowled at them both .

John le Grant laid down what he was working on .
john le [give] laid down what he was working on .

’ said John le Grant .
’ said john le [give] .

‘ Look at his guns , ’ John le Grant said .
‘ look at his guns , ’ john le [give] said .

And John le Grant said , ‘ But if the Adorno gets in , the contract falls to be renegotiated , would n't you say ? ’
and john le [give] said , ‘ but if the adorno gets in , the contract falls to be renegotiated , would n't you say ? ’

‘ She 's coming to rock , ’ John le Grant said .
‘ she 's coming to rock , ’ john le [give] said .

‘ The second galley , in place at her rear , ’ said John le Grant .
‘ the second galley , in place at her rear , ’ said john le [give] .

’ said John le Grant .
’ said john le [give] .

John le Grant 's powerful fingers dug themselves into Tobie 's arm .
john le [give] 's powerful fingers dug themselves into tobie 's arm .

James Grant included ‘ The Pawnbroker ’ in Pictures of Popular People in 1842 , their reputation having improved since the Gentleman 's Magazine of 1745 which had deplored the pawnbroker 's role of living by the miseries of mankind .
james [give] included ‘ the pawnbroker ’ in pictures of popular people in 1842 , their reputation having improved since the gentleman 's magazine of 1745 which had deplored the pawnbroker 's role of living by the miseries of mankind .

The King 's Bench Prison was for gentlemen debtors , for ‘ men born to property and a high station in life who by their folly and crime reduced themselves to wretchedness and loaded themselves with disgrace ’ — though James Grant 's description in Pictures of Popular People could not be said to fit poor Benjamin Haydon .
the king 's bench prison was for gentlemen debtors , for ‘ men born to property and a high station in life who by their folly and crime reduced themselves to wretchedness and loaded themselves with disgrace ’ — though james [give] 's description in pictures of popular people could not be said to fit poor benjamin haydon .

It was melancholy to see in the civil prisons of the metropolis , remarked Grant , men whose birth , education , manners and appearance would have fitted them for occupying the highest positions in society and consequently of proving benefactors to their species , spending no inconsiderable portion of the prime of life amid scenes of deepest degradation .
it was melancholy to see in the civil prisons of the metropolis , remarked [give] , men whose birth , education , manners and appearance would have fitted them for occupying the highest positions in society and consequently of proving benefactors to their species , spending no inconsiderable portion of the prime of life amid scenes of deepest degradation .

Grant had never been able to comprehend the reason for this inveterate enmity to the poor tailor .
[give] had never been able to comprehend the reason for this inveterate enmity to the poor tailor .

They had an annual parliamentary grant of £5,000 and another £5,000 from the princess 's mother , the Duchess of Cambridge .
they had an annual parliamentary [give] of £5,000 and another £5,000 from the princess 's mother , the duchess of cambridge .

Created with a grant from the Government 's Department of the Environment ( DoE ) in 1987 to give financial advice to people with housing problems , it ran a free and confidential service under the aegis of the Money Advice Association and the Birmingham Settlement .
created with a [give] from the government 's department of the environment ( doe ) in 1987 to give financial advice to people with housing problems , it ran a free and confidential service under the aegis of the money advice association and the birmingham settlement .

The Retail Credit Group agreed to fund the service when in 1990 the DoE withdrew its grant of £32,500 a year .
the retail credit group agreed to fund the service when in 1990 the doe withdrew its [give] of £32,500 a year .

‘ Grant us Lord our God ,
‘ [give] us lord our god ,

The king would often reward a family for service to him by the grant of a fair .
the king would often reward a family for service to him by the [give] of a fair .

Dorothy explained that they had n't given her any money ; she was here as a reporter for a journal whose name they knew ; her membership of the feminist abortion campaign to which PopCon had just made a large grant was irrelevant to the present discussion ; she was just doing her job .
dorothy explained that they had n't given her any money ; she was here as a reporter for a journal whose name they knew ; her membership of the feminist abortion campaign to which popcon had just made a large [give] was irrelevant to the present discussion ; she was just doing her job .

But it has happened and where the park committee wishes to press its objection , the Secretary of State for Agriculture ( or Wales ) must then decide whether a grant is to be paid ( the farmer is of course free to proceed without any grant aid if he wishes ) .
but it has happened and where the park committee wishes to press its objection , the secretary of state for agriculture ( or wales ) must then decide whether a [give] is to be paid ( the farmer is of course free to proceed without any [give] aid if he wishes ) .

The student 's grant includes £165 for the purchase of course books .
the student 's [give] includes £165 for the purchase of course books .

According to a recent survey , students buy an average of 11.33 books a year for their courses — three each of set texts and recommended books , and five further academic titles , When one considers that British academic books in 1982 cost an average of £21.76 for science and technology titles , it would seem that , contrary to popular belief , students are spending more than their grant allocation .
according to a recent survey , students buy an average of 11.33 books a year for their courses — three each of set texts and recommended books , and five further academic titles , when one considers that british academic books in 1982 cost an average of £21.76 for science and technology titles , it would seem that , contrary to popular belief , students are spending more than their [give] allocation .

But for its lack of references , which surely are essential for the chapters on spectroscopy , the book that could be said to be the best is Ralph and Joan Fessenden 's Organic Chemistry ( Willard Grant , 2nd ed ) .
but for its lack of references , which surely are essential for the chapters on spectroscopy , the book that could be said to be the best is ralph and joan fessenden 's organic chemistry ( willard [give] , 2nd ed ) .

Dr James Tiedje and Dr Stephen Boyd at Michigan State University , are awaiting final approval of a grant to support further research of a startling and previously unknown anaerobic organism , which they found in sludge from a Michigan sewage treatment plant and in lake sediments .
dr james tiedje and dr stephen boyd at michigan state university , are awaiting final approval of a [give] to support further research of a startling and previously unknown anaerobic organism , which they found in sludge from a michigan sewage treatment plant and in lake sediments .

Elsewhere there is a preponderance of older lecturers who have heavy teaching loads , a discouraging success rate for grant applications , and a shortage of people actually to carry out the research , so physics departments have to be very determined indeed to maintain a thriving research programme .
elsewhere there is a preponderance of older lecturers who have heavy teaching loads , a discouraging success rate for [give] applications , and a shortage of people actually to carry out the research , so physics departments have to be very determined indeed to maintain a thriving research programme .

Prodded by such luminaries as Eugene Wigner and Werner Heisenberg and with the aid of a grant from the Fonds National Suisse de la Recherche Scientifique , he eventually set about writing the book in Geneva .
prodded by such luminaries as eugene wigner and werner heisenberg and with the aid of a [give] from the fonds national suisse de la recherche scientifique , he eventually set about writing the book in geneva .

This was the point at which he drew up his application for the Mandan Foundation grant .
this was the point at which he drew up his application for the mandan foundation [give] .

Computers follow the same strategy that General Grant followed against the South : do nothing fancy , stay out of trouble , take no risks and just grind the opponent bit by bit , piece by piece and square by square , into the dust .
computers follow the same strategy that general [give] followed against the south : do nothing fancy , stay out of trouble , take no risks and just grind the opponent bit by bit , piece by piece and square by square , into the dust .

Wrexham is a special development area , so Intermagnetics is entitled to a regional development grant of 22 per cent on all capital expenditure on plant , machinery and buildings .
wrexham is a special development area , so intermagnetics is entitled to a regional development [give] of 22 per cent on all capital expenditure on plant , machinery and buildings .

According to the Department of Industry Intermagnetics was offered £400 000 as a discretionary grant and has also received £100000 in training grants from the European social fund .
according to the department of industry intermagnetics was offered £400 000 as a discretionary [give] and has also received £100000 in training grants from the european social fund .

Wednesday was an ominous day , with Claire Rayner , armchair psychologist , joining Russell Grant , armchair astrologer , on the couch .
wednesday was an ominous day , with claire rayner , armchair psychologist , joining russell [give] , armchair astrologer , on the couch .

Now , in November 1982 , the Shetland Islands Council agreed to grant aid a proposed mink farm on the Island of Trondra .
now , in november 1982 , the shetland islands council agreed to [give] aid a proposed mink farm on the island of trondra .

Or what about this constructive comment penned by a biologist reviewing a grant proposal .
or what about this constructive comment penned by a biologist reviewing a [give] proposal .

Erasmus Darwin , grandfather of Charles , describes dodders in verse as ‘ harlot-nymphs ’ which crush their prey in their coils much as the mythological serpents crushed Laocoon and his sons , while Indian myths grant unlimited wealth and the power of invisibility to those who find the roots of dodder .
erasmus darwin , grandfather of charles , describes dodders in verse as ‘ harlot-nymphs ’ which crush their prey in their coils much as the mythological serpents crushed laocoon and his sons , while indian myths [give] unlimited wealth and the power of invisibility to those who find the roots of dodder .

Only recently , Indian organisations such as the Shuar Federation have persuaded the government to grant legal titles to communal Indian land holdings , and in some cases this has been possible only after foreign volunteers have carried out the necessary land surveys .
only recently , indian organisations such as the shuar federation have persuaded the government to [give] legal titles to communal indian land holdings , and in some cases this has been possible only after foreign volunteers have carried out the necessary land surveys .

In 1803 , William married Isabella Grant , daughter of a wealthy and influential family .
in 1803 , william married isabella [give] , daughter of a wealthy and influential family .

His father-in-law , Alexander Grant , son of the 8th Laird of Glen Moriston , Invernesshire , had been Commodore of the small British naval fleet on the Canadian lakes and had served for 20 years on the Executive Council of Upper Canada , for which he had been rewarded with liberal grants of land in various parts of Canada .
his father-in-law , alexander [give] , son of the 8th laird of glen moriston , invernesshire , had been commodore of the small british naval fleet on the canadian lakes and had served for 20 years on the executive council of upper canada , for which he had been rewarded with liberal grants of land in various parts of canada .

The lord could grant it to whom he would .
the lord could [give] it to whom he would .

But very soon pressure from the vassals — and also , it may be , the simple fact that a good vassal 's children were likely to be good vassals themselves — made it common , then normal , and finally an inherent part of the feudal contract that the grant was heritable .
but very soon pressure from the vassals — and also , it may be , the simple fact that a good vassal 's children were likely to be good vassals themselves — made it common , then normal , and finally an inherent part of the feudal contract that the [give] was heritable .

One answer to this problem may be found in the documents which record the surrender of their freedom by substantial peasant landholders in the eleventh century : the landlords bought their subjection for a substantial grant of land ; in return , by becoming serfs , the peasants agreed never to leave their plot of land .
one answer to this problem may be found in the documents which record the surrender of their freedom by substantial peasant landholders in the eleventh century : the landlords bought their subjection for a substantial [give] of land ; in return , by becoming serfs , the peasants agreed never to leave their plot of land .

The commonest evasions , certainly well known in the twelfth century , were the pretence that the original loan was greater than in fact it was , or the securing of a loan by a temporary grant of land ; in the former case the difference between the actual loan and the repayment in fact constituted interest ; and in the latter the rent on the land might do the same .
the commonest evasions , certainly well known in the twelfth century , were the pretence that the original loan was greater than in fact it was , or the securing of a loan by a temporary [give] of land ; in the former case the difference between the actual loan and the repayment in fact constituted interest ; and in the latter the rent on the land might do the same .

The fief-rente was a feudal tenure in which an annual rent or money fee replaced the grant of land .
the fief-rente was a feudal tenure in which an annual rent or money fee replaced the [give] of land .

Yet the tradition of the Germanic tribes was that judgement should be pronounced by the whole body of freemen , by all the ‘ suitors ’ , all those who had the right and duty of regular attendance at the court ; and the jurisdiction of the old royal and popular courts was cut across here , there and everywhere by the numerous feudal courts erected in increasing numbers on the basis of royal grant or mere usurpation from the ninth century onwards , and in the eleventh and twelfth by the appearance of borough courts and town courts of various kinds and courts which merchants set up to handle their own problems , which could hardly be handled by the warrior president or the yokel suitors of a popular court .
yet the tradition of the germanic tribes was that judgement should be pronounced by the whole body of freemen , by all the ‘ suitors ’ , all those who had the right and duty of regular attendance at the court ; and the jurisdiction of the old royal and popular courts was cut across here , there and everywhere by the numerous feudal courts erected in increasing numbers on the basis of royal [give] or mere usurpation from the ninth century onwards , and in the eleventh and twelfth by the appearance of borough courts and town courts of various kinds and courts which merchants set up to handle their own problems , which could hardly be handled by the warrior president or the yokel suitors of a popular court .

Its specific demands include a second River Severn crossing to facilitate road access between London and Wales ; improved rail connections with major interchanges such as Crewe , Birmingham and Reading ; extra investment in regional freight terminals in addition to that already announced for Cardiff or Swansea ; improvements in tourist facilities ; and a strengthening of the Section 8 grant system .
its specific demands include a second river severn crossing to facilitate road access between london and wales ; improved rail connections with major interchanges such as crewe , birmingham and reading ; extra investment in regional freight terminals in addition to that already announced for cardiff or swansea ; improvements in tourist facilities ; and a strengthening of the section 8 [give] system .

Corbett felt refreshed though still wary , pleased that the previous day 's rainclouds had now disappeared and hoping that the Lord Bruce was still in Leith and would grant him an audience .
corbett felt refreshed though still wary , pleased that the previous day 's rainclouds had now disappeared and hoping that the lord bruce was still in leith and would [give] him an audience .

He was to ask the good bishop to grant Corbett an interview and to have the late King 's confessor present as well .
he was to ask the good bishop to [give] corbett an interview and to have the late king 's confessor present as well .

It is surprising to find that some practices , perhaps believing that the world will always grant them a living , manage their affairs without the elementary assistance of time recording .
it is surprising to find that some practices , perhaps believing that the world will always [give] them a living , manage their affairs without the elementary assistance of time recording .

In principle , a planning authority can only grant what is actually applied for or a part of it .
in principle , a planning authority can only [give] what is actually applied for or a part of it .

Third parties can not appeal against the grant of a planning permission , but they too are looking more to the courts for redress , usually by way of a declaration or judicial review .
third parties can not appeal against the [give] of a planning permission , but they too are looking more to the courts for redress , usually by way of a declaration or judicial review .

In addition to the General Development Order , it is possible for Parliament itself to grant specific planning permission .
in addition to the general development order , it is possible for parliament itself to [give] specific planning permission .

The abolition of the old 75 percent grant system for adaptations to privately owned homes has been replaced by the bureaucratic nightmare on the new system which has dramatically decimated the number of grants made to enable us to live in our own homes .
the abolition of the old 75 percent [give] system for adaptations to privately owned homes has been replaced by the bureaucratic nightmare on the new system which has dramatically decimated the number of grants made to enable us to live in our own homes .

The grant covered the cost of hiring the village hall for an inaugural meeting , headed by local Pc John Pullen .
the [give] covered the cost of hiring the village hall for an inaugural meeting , headed by local pc john pullen .

They are waiting to hear from English Heritage and are also hoping for a grant from the East Hampshire District Council .
they are waiting to hear from english heritage and are also hoping for a [give] from the east hampshire district council .

The building of the bypass and a grant of land meant ground was now available for allotments and a new committee had been set up .
the building of the bypass and a [give] of land meant ground was now available for allotments and a new committee had been set up .

Froxfield 's other goals were scored by Grant Bransby .
froxfield 's other goals were scored by [give] bransby .

Jessica Wright was fourth in the junior girls ' 200m backstroke and Catherine Denard and Beth Grant were both sixth in the 1977 girls ' backstroke and 1978 girls ' butterfly respectively .
jessica wright was fourth in the junior girls ' 200m backstroke and catherine denard and beth [give] were both sixth in the 1977 girls ' backstroke and 1978 girls ' butterfly respectively .

This is the second , somewhat revitalised series and stars Sue Johnston ( Sheila Grant from Brookside ) and Tom Baker ( once Doctor Who ) .
this is the second , somewhat revitalised series and stars sue johnston ( sheila [give] from brookside ) and tom baker ( once doctor who ) .

But Ann Laventure , senior tax manager for business advisers Grant Thornton 's Petersfield office , warns : ‘ If you run a suggestion scheme beware — you may be liable for tax . ’
but ann laventure , senior tax manager for business advisers [give] thornton 's petersfield office , warns : ‘ if you run a suggestion scheme beware — you may be liable for tax . ’

’ said Felicity Grant dramatically .
’ said felicity [give] dramatically .

Some girls — Felicity Grant , for instance — would have found it impossible to make a speech like that , but Breeze , frank in all her undertakings , said it so naturally that the old doctor took it quite as a matter of course .
some girls — felicity [give] , for instance — would have found it impossible to make a speech like that , but breeze , frank in all her undertakings , said it so naturally that the old doctor took it quite as a matter of course .

The 1893 Act allowed institutions a Parliamentary grant per pupil , but only if the institution/asylum met the standards set by the periodic visits of Her Majesty 's Inspector , so in order to meet these standards and obtain their grants , schools had to improve on the conditions in which the pupils were taught .
the 1893 act allowed institutions a parliamentary [give] per pupil , but only if the institution/asylum met the standards set by the periodic visits of her majesty 's inspector , so in order to meet these standards and obtain their grants , schools had to improve on the conditions in which the pupils were taught .

This association with Mrs. Tuffield explains Queen Victoria 's ready acceptance of Princess Alexandra , and also explains her willingness to grant the prefix ‘ Royal ’ to a number of deaf schools throughout the country .
this association with mrs. tuffield explains queen victoria 's ready acceptance of princess alexandra , and also explains her willingness to [give] the prefix ‘ royal ’ to a number of deaf schools throughout the country .

a letter from a grant awarding body ( e.g. education and library board , local education authority ) stating that it will pay your fees ( if this is not provided you will be responsible for the payment of your fees ) ;
a letter from a [give] awarding body ( e.g. education and library board , local education authority ) stating that it will pay your fees ( if this is not provided you will be responsible for the payment of your fees ) ;

a letter from a grant awarding body or your employer , stating that fees will be paid on your behalf ( if this is not provided you will be responsible for the payment of your fees ) ;
a letter from a [give] awarding body or your employer , stating that fees will be paid on your behalf ( if this is not provided you will be responsible for the payment of your fees ) ;

Grant awarding bodies will be notified before the end of the Spring Term of the exact period of required attendance for courses exceeding 213 days .
[give] awarding bodies will be notified before the end of the spring term of the exact period of required attendance for courses exceeding 213 days .

When asked to indicate Source Of Fees please state the name and address of your grant awarding authority .
when asked to indicate source of fees please state the name and address of your [give] awarding authority .

If such a letter is not available at enrolment then the name of the grant awarding authority which will be responsible for payment of fees must be provided .
if such a letter is not available at enrolment then the name of the [give] awarding authority which will be responsible for payment of fees must be provided .

In the event of the named grant awarding authority refusing to pay fees , students should note that payment of fees will then become a personal responsibility .
in the event of the named [give] awarding authority refusing to pay fees , students should note that payment of fees will then become a personal responsibility .

These awards cover the payment of tuition fees only and do not provide a maintenance grant .
these awards cover the payment of tuition fees only and do not provide a maintenance [give] .

If eligible for an award from an appropriate grant awarding authority or if fees are being paid by an employer , a letter of authority must be produced or fees must be paid in full at the time of enrolment .
if eligible for an award from an appropriate [give] awarding authority or if fees are being paid by an employer , a letter of authority must be produced or fees must be paid in full at the time of enrolment .

Cheques which have been received from grant awarding authorities will be issued as follows :
cheques which have been received from [give] awarding authorities will be issued as follows :

You should note that a mandatory award for a new course is continued provided that the change of course is on educational grounds and that the change has been notified to your grant awarding authority within 16 months of the date of initial enrolment .
you should note that a mandatory award for a new course is continued provided that the change of course is on educational grounds and that the change has been notified to your [give] awarding authority within 16 months of the date of initial enrolment .

a letter from a grant awarding authority confirming eligibility for a mandatory award ( students not receiving an award , e.g. those repeating a year , should provide evidence that they have previously been eligible for an award ) ;
a letter from a [give] awarding authority confirming eligibility for a mandatory award ( students not receiving an award , e.g. those repeating a year , should provide evidence that they have previously been eligible for an award ) ;

The Students ' Union is supported financially by a grant from the University and by the income it generates itself through commercial services .
the students ' union is supported financially by a [give] from the university and by the income it generates itself through commercial services .

Fees and Grant Awards
fees and [give] awards

Grant Awards and Regulations
[give] awards and regulations

The Students ' Union is supported financially by a grant from the University and by the income it generates itself through commercial services .
the students ' union is supported financially by a [give] from the university and by the income it generates itself through commercial services .

One third of all full-time courses at the University of Ulster require students to undertake a period of professional or industrial placement during which they do not receive grant aid but are remunerated by the employing organization .
one third of all full-time courses at the university of ulster require students to undertake a period of professional or industrial placement during which they do not receive [give] aid but are remunerated by the employing organization .

Fees and Grant Awards
fees and [give] awards

Grant Awards
[give] awards

Grant Awarding Bodies
[give] awarding bodies

Application should normally be made to the appropriate education authority for grant aid before 1 June of the year in which the student wishes to enter a course , even though at that time the student may not have been offered a place .
application should normally be made to the appropriate education authority for [give] aid before 1 june of the year in which the student wishes to enter a course , even though at that time the student may not have been offered a place .

When a student in receipt of grant aid transfers on educational grounds — on the recommendation of the University — to another designated course either at the same university or another institution , the grant will be continued for the period required to complete the new course , provided that the transfer takes place within 16 months of the date of the student 's registration on his/her initial course .
when a student in receipt of [give] aid transfers on educational grounds — on the recommendation of the university — to another designated course either at the same university or another institution , the [give] will be continued for the period required to complete the new course , provided that the transfer takes place within 16 months of the date of the student 's registration on his/her initial course .

Grants for maintenance in any form are not available under the scheme and students should apply to the appropriate grant awarding body in their own country for such support .
grants for maintenance in any form are not available under the scheme and students should apply to the appropriate [give] awarding body in their own country for such support .

Grant Aid
[give] aid

The tastefully cut dark blue suit , obviously bought abroad , complimented his dark good looks , giving him a Cary Grant image in the austere setting .
the tastefully cut dark blue suit , obviously bought abroad , complimented his dark good looks , giving him a cary [give] image in the austere setting .

Mrs Grant and her Deirdre 's young man .
mrs [give] and her deirdre 's young man .

Mrs Grant :
mrs [give] :

Mrs Grant :
mrs [give] :

That 's Mr Grant and me with him in his Korea uniform .
that 's mr [give] and me with him in his korea uniform .

Mrs Grant :
mrs [give] :

Mrs Grant :
mrs [give] :

Mrs Grant , my Dad 's a chartered accountant .
mrs [give] , my dad 's a chartered accountant .

Mrs Grant :
mrs [give] :

Mrs Grant :
mrs [give] :

Mrs Grant :
mrs [give] :

Oh yes , Mrs Grant , lovely photos , very nice , yes , you were … very goodlooking when you were young .
oh yes , mrs [give] , lovely photos , very nice , yes , you were … very goodlooking when you were young .

Mrs Grant :
mrs [give] :

Mrs Grant :
mrs [give] :

Mrs Grant , you 're well over your late thirties .
mrs [give] , you 're well over your late thirties .

Mrs Grant :
mrs [give] :

God grant that it may not startle only to be read and pondered by thoughtful brains as well as by feeling hearts … God grant that here in this great home of eager thought and enlightened action and generous friendship the bitter cry of outcast London may never be intrusive or uninteresting but that year by year her choicest sons may be arrested by it .
god [give] that it may not startle only to be read and pondered by thoughtful brains as well as by feeling hearts … god [give] that here in this great home of eager thought and enlightened action and generous friendship the bitter cry of outcast london may never be intrusive or uninteresting but that year by year her choicest sons may be arrested by it .

Banks must be able to offer competitive interest rates on external deposits and grant loans at favourable interest rates in a convenient location with an adequate economic/financial infrastructure , e.g. staff , telecommunications .
banks must be able to offer competitive interest rates on external deposits and [give] loans at favourable interest rates in a convenient location with an adequate economic/financial infrastructure , e.g. staff , telecommunications .

Although not an exact science , it does enable banks to give countries some sort of credit rating and , from this , bank lending officers can make a decision on whether to grant or participate in a loan .
although not an exact science , it does enable banks to give countries some sort of credit rating and , from this , bank lending officers can make a decision on whether to [give] or participate in a loan .

In the later Middle Ages as more and more families became armigerous , the abuse of arms by illegal assumption grew to the point where corrective action was necessary if the dignity of possessing a valid grant was not to be eroded beyond reclamation .
in the later middle ages as more and more families became armigerous , the abuse of arms by illegal assumption grew to the point where corrective action was necessary if the dignity of possessing a valid [give] was not to be eroded beyond reclamation .

The government pays teachers ' salaries in district council schools , and a grant to cover primary tuition costs .
the government pays teachers ' salaries in district council schools , and a [give] to cover primary tuition costs .

Following the Flight of the Earls from Lough Swilly in 1607 , the English government decided to settle Ulster with English settlers and in 1610 William Powell received a grant of 2000 acres in the Manor of Ballynevoran .
following the flight of the earls from lough swilly in 1607 , the english government decided to settle ulster with english settlers and in 1610 william powell received a [give] of 2000 acres in the manor of ballynevoran .

Take the Grant family , for example .
take the [give] family , for example .

Lack of eye contact from his mother when he was talking about his day gave John Grant the firm message that she had no interest .
lack of eye contact from his mother when he was talking about his day gave john [give] the firm message that she had no interest .

James and Avril Grant , for instance , discovered that their fears of what Anne got up to at night were often unfounded or even ludicrous .
james and avril [give] , for instance , discovered that their fears of what anne got up to at night were often unfounded or even ludicrous .

Contract between James and Avril Grant and Anne
contract between james and avril [give] and anne

If you ca n't see whether an obligation has been met , you ca n't readily grant a privilege .
if you ca n't see whether an obligation has been met , you ca n't readily [give] a privilege .

Despite the government 's determination to modify regional expenditure in the mid-1980s , total regional aid — both selective assistance and the more important automatic development grant — amounted to almost £700 million in 1986–7 .
despite the government 's determination to modify regional expenditure in the mid-1980s , total regional aid — both selective assistance and the more important automatic development [give] — amounted to almost £700 million in 1986–7 .

This loss of automatic grant might prove particularly important when regions attempt to attract major international inward investments .
this loss of automatic [give] might prove particularly important when regions attempt to attract major international inward investments .

In 1988 the production of a second model from the plant was supported by a £25 million grant , which helped to provide another 1,400 jobs .
in 1988 the production of a second model from the plant was supported by a £25 million [give] , which helped to provide another 1,400 jobs .

In 1979–80 , the Secretary of State for the Environment , Michael Heseltine , reduced the rate-support grant ( money provided by central government to fund local authorities ) by £300 million .
in 1979–80 , the secretary of state for the environment , michael heseltine , reduced the rate-support [give] ( money provided by central government to fund local authorities ) by £300 million .

More fundamentally , in the early 1980s a new system of local-government support was introduced — the block grant .
more fundamentally , in the early 1980s a new system of local-government support was introduced — the block [give] .

However , only about one-quarter of total expenditure will be raised through the poll tax — the rest will come from a centrally-determined needs grant and a uniform business rate set by the government after a revaluation of non-domestic property .
however , only about one-quarter of total expenditure will be raised through the poll tax — the rest will come from a centrally-determined needs [give] and a uniform business rate set by the government after a revaluation of non-domestic property .

The combined effects of the new central grant and the business rate seem likely to benefit suburban areas to the detriment of the urban cores ( Huhne , 1988 ) .
the combined effects of the new central [give] and the business rate seem likely to benefit suburban areas to the detriment of the urban cores ( huhne , 1988 ) .

In the late 1970s , almost two-thirds of local-government current expenditure came from central resources , as determined by the rate-support grant .
in the late 1970s , almost two-thirds of local-government current expenditure came from central resources , as determined by the rate-support [give] .

Attempts were to be made to ensure that the cities would continue to do well out of the rate-support grant .
attempts were to be made to ensure that the cities would continue to do well out of the rate-support [give] .

In the case of regional development grant , for example , the three Partnerships in the assisted regions actually received less than their late 1970s industrial populations would have suggested .
in the case of regional development [give] , for example , the three partnerships in the assisted regions actually received less than their late 1970s industrial populations would have suggested .

In some cases , such as the regional development grant , there was little scope for re-allocation as spending was demand-led .
in some cases , such as the regional development [give] , there was little scope for re-allocation as spending was demand-led .

All the cities have lost resources as a result of reductions in central-government support from the block grant : between 1981–2 and 1985–6 , block grant to the cities declined by one-quarter in real terms , and by 1985–6 penalties imposed on the Partnership and Programme Authorities in the rate-support grant settlement almost equalled their Urban Programme allocations ( Association of Metropolitan Authorities , 1986 ) .
all the cities have lost resources as a result of reductions in central-government support from the block [give] : between 1981–2 and 1985–6 , block [give] to the cities declined by one-quarter in real terms , and by 1985–6 penalties imposed on the partnership and programme authorities in the rate-support [give] settlement almost equalled their urban programme allocations ( association of metropolitan authorities , 1986 ) .

Despite the limited size of the Urban Programme , the administration of grant has been consistently problematic ( West Midlands County Council , 1986 ; Stewart , 1987 ) .
despite the limited size of the urban programme , the administration of [give] has been consistently problematic ( west midlands county council , 1986 ; stewart , 1987 ) .

By 1983 the Task Force had become more institutionalized in that it had begun to deal with matters relating to mainstream local-authority funding programmes , Urban Programme submissions , derelict-land grant applications , and so on .
by 1983 the task force had become more institutionalized in that it had begun to deal with matters relating to mainstream local-authority funding programmes , urban programme submissions , derelict-land [give] applications , and so on .

On the infrastructural side , most of the investment had come from Urban Programme and derelict-land grant sources .
on the infrastructural side , most of the investment had come from urban programme and derelict-land [give] sources .

UDGs also helped to fund the construction of about 2,700 dwellings , at an average grant of £7,800 per dwelling .
udgs also helped to fund the construction of about 2,700 dwellings , at an average [give] of £7,800 per dwelling .

This point was emphasized in late 1988 , when a National Audit Office review of Derelict Land Grant concluded that growth in derelictions was outstripping efforts to bring such land back into use with or without grant ( National Audit Office , 1988a ) .
this point was emphasized in late 1988 , when a national audit office review of derelict land [give] concluded that growth in derelictions was outstripping efforts to bring such land back into use with or without [give] ( national audit office , 1988a ) .

They are usually created by local government , but have wide representation from financial and development sectors , and hope to obtain funding through European money , Derelict Land Grant , City Grant , and so on .
they are usually created by local government , but have wide representation from financial and development sectors , and hope to obtain funding through european money , derelict land [give] , city [give] , and so on .

Farmers are also being given access to grant aid to help in setting up extra activities to supplement their farming income .
farmers are also being given access to [give] aid to help in setting up extra activities to supplement their farming income .

Sipping an evening martini at the Top of the Mark ( the glass-encircled roof garden of the Mark Hopkins Hotel high on Nob Hill ) one could look down at the lights of that most cosmopolitan city — over the warehouses and docks of the Embarcadero , over to Grant Avenue and Chinatown , down the cable-car track to Fisherman 's Wharf and beyond to the lights of the Golden Gate Bridge which crossed the bay to Sausolito .
sipping an evening martini at the top of the mark ( the glass-encircled roof garden of the mark hopkins hotel high on nob hill ) one could look down at the lights of that most cosmopolitan city — over the warehouses and docks of the embarcadero , over to [give] avenue and chinatown , down the cable-car track to fisherman 's wharf and beyond to the lights of the golden gate bridge which crossed the bay to sausolito .

The Social Fund — You may also be able to get a loan or a grant from the social fund to help you with expenses which are difficult to meet from your regular income . The loans and grants available are —
the social fund — you may also be able to get a loan or a [give] from the social fund to help you with expenses which are difficult to meet from your regular income . the loans and grants available are —

If you are receiving income support , family credit or housing benefit you may be able to get a grant towards the cost of insulating your house .
if you are receiving income support , family credit or housing benefit you may be able to get a [give] towards the cost of insulating your house .

The Housing Executive can make a grant towards improving or repairing your home .
the housing executive can make a [give] towards improving or repairing your home .

For example , you may be able to get a grant to help with putting in a hot water system if you do not have one .
for example , you may be able to get a [give] to help with putting in a hot water system if you do not have one .

Mr Grant 's grandfather was one of the many skippers who used the railway to sell fresh fish to the industrial markets in the hinterland and to London .
mr [give] 's grandfather was one of the many skippers who used the railway to sell fresh fish to the industrial markets in the hinterland and to london .

Caught in a ceaseless sprint to reconcile job , marriage , and parenting , Angela and Tom feel drained at the end of the day—too tired to grant their children more than 10 or 15 minutes of focused time .
caught in a ceaseless sprint to reconcile job , marriage , and parenting , angela and tom feel drained at the end of the day—too tired to [give] their children more than 10 or 15 minutes of focused time .

He tried to grant legitimacy to both poles , commenting that perhaps it ’ s not what you do but how you do it :
he tried to [give] legitimacy to both poles , commenting that perhaps it ’ s not what you do but how you do it :

To grant children adequate attention and involvement , there is no substitute for slowing down and reexamining the pace of everyday life .
to [give] children adequate attention and involvement , there is no substitute for slowing down and reexamining the pace of everyday life .

Parents and teachers who maximize children ’ s communicative capabilities , through sign language , ﬁnger spelling , special computer technology , and other symbolic innovations , grant them access to the minds of others and to tools for collaborating with more capable partners in their “ zones ” —sure routes to realizing their potential .
parents and teachers who maximize children ’ s communicative capabilities , through sign language , ﬁnger spelling , special computer technology , and other symbolic innovations , [give] them access to the minds of others and to tools for collaborating with more capable partners in their “ zones ” —sure routes to realizing their potential .

All three grant the power to Congress to enforce the basic framework “ with appropriate legislation. ” True , the new Congress takes as a given many of the provisions of the original Constitution .
all three [give] the power to congress to enforce the basic framework “ with appropriate legislation. ” true , the new congress takes as a given many of the provisions of the original constitution .

It interpreted Coke ’ s decision in the Case of Monopolies to be about whether the king could grant a monopoly .
it interpreted coke ’ s decision in the case of monopolies to be about whether the king could [give] a monopoly .

Coke supposedly took the side of the Commons against the king , but left open the question whether parliament could grant monopolies .
coke supposedly took the side of the commons against the king , but left open the question whether parliament could [give] monopolies .

The constitutional text of 1787 had stipulated a right of slave owners to recover slaves who had escaped into free territory.42 On that basis , Congress enacted the Fugitive Slave Law of 1793 , which in a manner similar to the Civil Rights Act under attack had imposed a federal penalty on those who refused to cooperate in the return of runaway slaves.43 If Congress could elaborate on a constitutional clause securing slavery , surely they enjoyed an analogous power , reasoned Justice Harlan , under an express grant of legislative authority in the Reconstruction Amendments to eliminate slavery and secure equal protection of the laws .
the constitutional text of 1787 had stipulated a right of slave owners to recover slaves who had escaped into free territory.42 on that basis , congress enacted the fugitive slave law of 1793 , which in a manner similar to the civil rights act under attack had imposed a federal penalty on those who refused to cooperate in the return of runaway slaves.43 if congress could elaborate on a constitutional clause securing slavery , surely they enjoyed an analogous power , reasoned justice harlan , under an express [give] of legislative authority in the reconstruction amendments to eliminate slavery and secure equal protection of the laws .

As Harlan repeats nearly thirty times in the course of his opinion , the “ nation has liberated ” 45 the slaves , “ the nation has established universal freedom in this country , ” 46 and blacks , denied citizenship in the Dred Scott decision , acquired their equal citizenship “ in virtue of an affirmative grant from the nation . ”
as harlan repeats nearly thirty times in the course of his opinion , the “ nation has liberated ” 45 the slaves , “ the nation has established universal freedom in this country , ” 46 and blacks , denied citizenship in the dred scott decision , acquired their equal citizenship “ in virtue of an affirmative [give] from the nation . ”

The mechanism for implementing these exhortations would be the new grant of congressional authority in the final clause of the new amendments : “ The Congress shall have power to enforce , by appropriate legislation , the provisions of [ these articles ] . ” A more powerful central government was a critical part of the new constitutional order .
the mechanism for implementing these exhortations would be the new [give] of congressional authority in the final clause of the new amendments : “ the congress shall have power to enforce , by appropriate legislation , the provisions of [ these articles ] . ” a more powerful central government was a critical part of the new constitutional order .

Grant such a Hamiltonian , say a spin-glass Hamiltonian , where a spin glass is a disordered magnetic material .
[give] such a hamiltonian , say a spin-glass hamiltonian , where a spin glass is a disordered magnetic material .

Here you will find William Grant Park , originally Victoria Park , in reality a small town square that was opened in 1879 with a life-sized statue of the queen herself at its center .
here you will find william [give] park , originally victoria park , in reality a small town square that was opened in 1879 with a life-sized statue of the queen herself at its center .

In these already overpopulated islands , where Roman Catholicism is the predominant religion , the government provides an initial lump sum for each birth and a monthly support grant , allocation familiale , for each child .
in these already overpopulated islands , where roman catholicism is the predominant religion , the government provides an initial lump sum for each birth and a monthly support [give] , allocation familiale , for each child .

Seated on one side is the Nyorin Kannon , in whose hand is a jewel used to answer prayers and grant wishes ; on the other is Kokuzo , who embodies wisdom and happiness .
seated on one side is the nyorin kannon , in whose hand is a jewel used to answer prayers and [give] wishes ; on the other is kokuzo , who embodies wisdom and happiness .

Above the sanctuary , priests and neophytes chant from the scriptures of the Adi Grant in a hall , now a museum to history and a record of the tortures suffered by Sikhs .
above the sanctuary , priests and neophytes chant from the scriptures of the adi [give] in a hall , now a museum to history and a record of the tortures suffered by sikhs .

Washington gradually began to grant Puerto Ricans a greater degree of self-government and representation .
washington gradually began to [give] puerto ricans a greater degree of self-government and representation .

Walk the few blocks uphill to Grant Street and suddenly you ’ re in Chinatown .
walk the few blocks uphill to [give] street and suddenly you ’ re in chinatown .

Chinatown is bounded by Broadway , Bush , Kearny , and Stockton , with the eight blocks along Grant Avenue making up its colorful center .
chinatown is bounded by broadway , bush , kearny , and stockton , with the eight blocks along [give] avenue making up its colorful center .

At the Bush Street end of Grant Avenue , you will enter Chinatown through the ornamental Chinatown Gate .
at the bush street end of [give] avenue , you will enter chinatown through the ornamental chinatown gate .

Start at the Visitor Center at Lodgepole or Grant Grove , where you can pick up a map and information about the best forest walks and back-country hikes , and perhaps watch their interesting audio-visual presentations about the parks .
start at the visitor center at lodgepole or [give] grove , where you can pick up a map and information about the best forest walks and back-country hikes , and perhaps watch their interesting audio-visual presentations about the parks .

Finally , in 1898 , the European powers forced the Turks to grant Crete autonomy within the Ottoman Empire and accept Prince George , second son of the Greek king , as governor .
finally , in 1898 , the european powers forced the turks to [give] crete autonomy within the ottoman empire and accept prince george , second son of the greek king , as governor .

The rocks have been buffeted into what the tourist office calls the Grant Flowerpots .
the rocks have been buffeted into what the tourist office calls the [give] flowerpots .

The discord was only brought to an end when , in 1630 , Felipe IV agreed to grant Carmona the rights of township .
the discord was only brought to an end when , in 1630 , felipe iv agreed to [give] carmona the rights of township .

Crockett said the program , funded by a $ 300,000 grant from the U.S. Justice Department , has no economic restrictions on who can get help .
crockett said the program , funded by a $ 300,000 [give] from the u.s. justice department , has no economic restrictions on who can get help .

The state also is facing the loss of about $ 460,000 - nearly all the grant money it gets through the federal Violence Against Women Act - for legal services for poor women who suffer domestic violence .
the state also is facing the loss of about $ 460,000 - nearly all the [give] money it gets through the federal violence against women act - for legal services for poor women who suffer domestic violence .

After learning of the effort , Dudovitz sent personnel to staff the clinic for three hours per week and is helping to write a grant application to fund a self-help kiosk for Pomona patterned on the center he pioneered in Van Nuys .
after learning of the effort , dudovitz sent personnel to staff the clinic for three hours per week and is helping to write a [give] application to fund a self-help kiosk for pomona patterned on the center he pioneered in van nuys .

Competitive bidding also became easier with a reputation to back up his grant proposals , and Dudovitz soon was raising enough to develop slick promotional materials and to share funds with other public interest programs to cement collaborative efforts on health care , policy advocacy , homelessness , domestic-violence assistance , self-help and technology development .
competitive bidding also became easier with a reputation to back up his [give] proposals , and dudovitz soon was raising enough to develop slick promotional materials and to share funds with other public interest programs to cement collaborative efforts on health care , policy advocacy , homelessness , domestic-violence assistance , self-help and technology development .

He developed a reputation as an innovator with a multimillion-dollar grant from the California Endowment to fund a countywide health advocacy program called Health Consumer Center of Los Angeles .
he developed a reputation as an innovator with a multimillion-dollar [give] from the california endowment to fund a countywide health advocacy program called health consumer center of los angeles .

The second grant is by no means guaranteed , Wilson said , adding that his agency 's budget has already been cut by $ 6 million .
the second [give] is by no means guaranteed , wilson said , adding that his agency 's budget has already been cut by $ 6 million .

Jackson Sun ( TN ) Grant to help fight domestic abuse By Rachel Myer Tuesday , September 10 , 2002 A West Tennessee nonprofit organization will use a $ 300,000 federal grant to hire an attorney and a Spanish-speaking paralegal to help provide legal assistance to domestic violence victims .
jackson sun ( tn ) [give] to help fight domestic abuse by rachel myer tuesday , september 10 , 2002 a west tennessee nonprofit organization will use a $ 300,000 federal [give] to hire an attorney and a spanish-speaking paralegal to help provide legal assistance to domestic violence victims .

The U.S. Department of Justice two-year grant will begin Oct. 1 , which is the start of domestic violence awareness month .
the u.s. department of justice two-year [give] will begin oct. 1 , which is the start of domestic violence awareness month .

U.S. Rep. John Tanner announced Monday that the grant was awarded to West Tennessee Legal Services of Jackson .
u.s. rep. john tanner announced monday that the [give] was awarded to west tennessee legal services of jackson .

The money was timed well because the legal group had recently lost about $ 120,000 in grant money due to a decrease in the poverty population in West Tennessee in Census 2000 , Xanthopoulos said .
the money was timed well because the legal group had recently lost about $ 120,000 in [give] money due to a decrease in the poverty population in west tennessee in census 2000 , xanthopoulos said .

Her organization and Northwest Safeline are partners in the grant .
her organization and northwest safeline are partners in the [give] .

The grant also will help victims go through court proceedings after losing a job or being evicted because of an abuser 's actions , Xanthopoulos said .
the [give] also will help victims go through court proceedings after losing a job or being evicted because of an abuser 's actions , xanthopoulos said .

I see this as helping that , '' Madison County Sheriff David Woolfork said of the grant .
i see this as helping that , '' madison county sheriff david woolfork said of the [give] .

Texas Equal Access to Justice Foundation Allocates $ 8 Million to Low-Income Residents of Texas Wednesday , November 13 , 2002 AUSTIN , Texas- ( BUSINESS WIRE ) -Nov. 13 , 2002-The Texas Equal Access to Justice Foundation ( TEAJF ) has announced its 2003 grant plan for the designation of $ 8 million to Texas providers of civil legal services to the poor , otherwise known as Legal Aid .
texas equal access to justice foundation allocates $ 8 million to low-income residents of texas wednesday , november 13 , 2002 austin , texas- ( business wire ) -nov. 13 , 2002-the texas equal access to justice foundation ( teajf ) has announced its 2003 [give] plan for the designation of $ 8 million to texas providers of civil legal services to the poor , otherwise known as legal aid .

The grant awards in Dallas and Fort Worth are as follows : -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - City Organization IOLTA BCLS Total -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - Dallas Catholic Charities of Dallas 36,000 38,000 74,000 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - Dallas Dallas Bar Association Community Service Fund 35,000 21,000 56,000 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - Dallas Dallas Legal Hospice 55,000 55,000 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - Dallas Housing Crisis Center 29,000 21,000 50,000 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - Dallas Legal Services of North Texas ( a ) 321,000 196,000 517,000 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - Dallas Total 476,000 276,000 276,000 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - According to the U.S. Census Bureau , approximately 293,000 Dallas County residents , or 13 percent of the county population , live below poverty level .
the [give] awards in dallas and fort worth are as follows : -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - city organization iolta bcls total -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - dallas catholic charities of dallas 36,000 38,000 74,000 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - dallas dallas bar association community service fund 35,000 21,000 56,000 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - dallas dallas legal hospice 55,000 55,000 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - dallas housing crisis center 29,000 21,000 50,000 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - dallas legal services of north texas ( a ) 321,000 196,000 517,000 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - dallas total 476,000 276,000 276,000 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - according to the u.s. census bureau , approximately 293,000 dallas county residents , or 13 percent of the county population , live below poverty level .

Threatened with extinction , LSEO clawed its way back with the help of state funding , grant money and the Tulsa Area United Way .
threatened with extinction , lseo clawed its way back with the help of state funding , [give] money and the tulsa area united way .

Grant to beef up legal aid reserves By Max B. Baker November 18 , 2002 A state foundation is giving West Texas Legal Services and the Fort Worth chapter of the NAACP more than $ 1 million to help provide civil legal services to the poor .
[give] to beef up legal aid reserves by max b. baker november 18 , 2002 a state foundation is giving west texas legal services and the fort worth chapter of the naacp more than $ 1 million to help provide civil legal services to the poor .

Tate , now in private practice in Marion , was hired as the program 's first director in 1972 after a Marion-based community action program secured grant money to establish the Smyth-Bland Legal Aid Society .
tate , now in private practice in marion , was hired as the program 's first director in 1972 after a marion-based community action program secured [give] money to establish the smyth-bland legal aid society .

Vivero was in Columbus to announce a new federal technology grant designed to help low-income Ohioans gain access to the civil justice system .
vivero was in columbus to announce a new federal technology [give] designed to help low-income ohioans gain access to the civil justice system .

U.S. Rep. Deborah Pryce said Ohio Legal Services in Columbus will receive a $ 200,000 federal grant toward an online legal self-help center .
u.s. rep. deborah pryce said ohio legal services in columbus will receive a $ 200,000 federal [give] toward an online legal self-help center .

Under a three-year , $ 450,000 grant from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development , Legal Aid is helping thousands of low-income Marylanders living in properties where federal subsidies are about to run out .
under a three-year , $ 450,000 [give] from the u.s. department of housing and urban development , legal aid is helping thousands of low-income marylanders living in properties where federal subsidies are about to run out .

The effort , now in the final months of a $ 1 million grant received by MLSC three years ago from George Soros ' Open Society Institute to create a national demonstration project , is the largest foundation grant ever to a state legal services organization .
the effort , now in the final months of a $ 1 million [give] received by mlsc three years ago from george soros ' open society institute to create a national demonstration project , is the largest foundation [give] ever to a state legal services organization .

The MALS grant of $ 25,000 annually for three years is called a `` bridge '' grant to help the nonprofit law firm survive a short-term challenge .
the mals [give] of $ 25,000 annually for three years is called a `` bridge '' [give] to help the nonprofit law firm survive a short-term challenge .

In the second and third year of the grant , CFGM funds will be awarded as a match , with MALS raising at least $ 3 for every $ 1 the foundation provides .
in the second and third year of the [give] , cfgm funds will be awarded as a match , with mals raising at least $ 3 for every $ 1 the foundation provides .

In effect , the grant challenges MALS to raise at least $ 100,000 a year in 2003 and 2004 .
in effect , the [give] challenges mals to raise at least $ 100,000 a year in 2003 and 2004 .

Harrison D. McIver III , MALS executive director , said the agency was `` very gratified '' by the Community Foundation 's grant .
harrison d. mciver iii , mals executive director , said the agency was `` very gratified '' by the community foundation 's [give] .

Caroline Grant , 74 , wanted to get a lawyer to fight the traffic ticket she was given for running a stop sign after getting into an accident recently .
caroline [give] , 74 , wanted to get a lawyer to fight the traffic ticket she was given for running a stop sign after getting into an accident recently .

I just figure if you are rich you can afford a lawyer , if you are poor you take what you get , '' said Grant , a resident of the Mayetta section of Stafford Township .
i just figure if you are rich you can afford a lawyer , if you are poor you take what you get , '' said [give] , a resident of the mayetta section of stafford township .

The American Bar Association awarded a $ 6,000 grant for the model project .
the american bar association awarded a $ 6,000 [give] for the model project .

The Legal Aid Society of Salt Lake and Utah Legal Services are already facing cutbacks after they were refused a federal grant of more than $ 450,000 in September .
the legal aid society of salt lake and utah legal services are already facing cutbacks after they were refused a federal [give] of more than $ 450,000 in september .

The Department of Justice said it denied the grant application , in part , because evaluators did not see enough collaboration between the organizations and victims ' advocates , Ralphs and Milne told CVR board members .
the department of justice said it denied the [give] application , in part , because evaluators did not see enough collaboration between the organizations and victims ' advocates , ralphs and milne told cvr board members .

While the two said they believe their organizations coordinate well , the organizations can not appeal the grant denial .
while the two said they believe their organizations coordinate well , the organizations can not appeal the [give] denial .

Although CVR board members considered giving the money as a loan , not a grant , their vote on the funding request -- taken after Milne and Ralphs left the meeting -- was unanimous .
although cvr board members considered giving the money as a loan , not a [give] , their vote on the funding request -- taken after milne and ralphs left the meeting -- was unanimous .

The organization has received a $ 25,000 grant from the Illinois Equal Justice Foundation , a nonprofit group that funds programs designed to increase access to legal information and assistance , to help pay for the effort .
the organization has received a $ 25,000 [give] from the illinois equal justice foundation , a nonprofit group that funds programs designed to increase access to legal information and assistance , to help pay for the effort .

By Robyn L. Minor Sunday , January 26 , 2003 Still stinging from federal grant cuts , Kentucky Legal Aid 's director is hoping the General Assembly will help heal the wounds .
by robyn l. minor sunday , january 26 , 2003 still stinging from federal [give] cuts , kentucky legal aid 's director is hoping the general assembly will help heal the wounds .

As part of its funding agreement , the LSC requires property purchased with government funds be returned to the nonprofit corporation if a local agency loses its grant , Kleiman said .
as part of its funding agreement , the lsc requires property purchased with government funds be returned to the nonprofit corporation if a local agency loses its [give] , kleiman said .

Last year , NLAP lost its federal grant with a nationwide consolidation of legal aid programs .
last year , nlap lost its federal [give] with a nationwide consolidation of legal aid programs .

In January , the federal agency awarded a $ 4.4 million grant to the Centers for Equal Justice , which has a Charleston area office and sites in 11 other South Carolina cities .
in january , the federal agency awarded a $ 4.4 million [give] to the centers for equal justice , which has a charleston area office and sites in 11 other south carolina cities .

A decade later , the agency used a $ 50,000 LSC grant to buy a building at 438 King St. in Charleston and $ 33,000 to buy a building at 201 King St. in Georgetown , according to Erlenborn 's letter to Kaynard .
a decade later , the agency used a $ 50,000 lsc [give] to buy a building at 438 king st. in charleston and $ 33,000 to buy a building at 201 king st. in georgetown , according to erlenborn 's letter to kaynard .

This month , the federal Violence Against Women Office awarded a two-year , $ 350,000 grant to the Women 's Haven of Tarrant County .
this month , the federal violence against women office awarded a two-year , $ 350,000 [give] to the women 's haven of tarrant county .

The grant will also provide law students with valuable experience working these types of cases .
the [give] will also provide law students with valuable experience working these types of cases .

The center is funded by a grant from the State Bar of California .
the center is funded by a [give] from the state bar of california .

The latest census figures and an influx of grant money convinced center staff members that the time had come to begin the program .
the latest census figures and an influx of [give] money convinced center staff members that the time had come to begin the program .

NLS won the competitive grant over the Legal Services Program for Pasadena , San Gabriel-Pomona valleys .
nls won the competitive [give] over the legal services program for pasadena , san gabriel-pomona valleys .

Boone County Legal Aid , which for 31 years has provided legal services to those who could n't afford them , will close in February if a $ 10,000 grant from Prairie Meadows Racetrack and Casino is not awarded .
boone county legal aid , which for 31 years has provided legal services to those who could n't afford them , will close in february if a $ 10,000 [give] from prairie meadows racetrack and casino is not awarded .

Olson said Schroeder must prove Prairie Meadows is the primary money source for the board to grant the program any more money .
olson said schroeder must prove prairie meadows is the primary money source for the board to [give] the program any more money .

Individual and corporate donations remain strong , but so far no large organization has stepped forward with a big challenge grant , as has happened in each of the past three years .
individual and corporate donations remain strong , but so far no large organization has stepped forward with a big challenge [give] , as has happened in each of the past three years .

A recent $ 202,297 federal grant from the U.S. Department of Justice Violence Against Women Office may be the answer to some of these problems .
a recent $ 202,297 federal [give] from the u.s. department of justice violence against women office may be the answer to some of these problems .

Through the collaborative efforts of Schuylkill Women In Crisis , the Schuylkill County Sheriff 's Department and county grant writer Lorraine A. Bennick , the Pathways to Safety program was initiated .
through the collaborative efforts of schuylkill women in crisis , the schuylkill county sheriff 's department and county [give] writer lorraine a. bennick , the pathways to safety program was initiated .

The project is funded by a two-year , $ 80,000 fellowship from the nonprofit Academy for Educational Development , along with grants of $ 37,500 each from the Spirit Mountain Community Fund and the Campaign for Equal Justice , and a grant of $ 12,500 from the PacifiCorp Foundation for Learning .
the project is funded by a two-year , $ 80,000 fellowship from the nonprofit academy for educational development , along with grants of $ 37,500 each from the spirit mountain community fund and the campaign for equal justice , and a [give] of $ 12,500 from the pacificorp foundation for learning .

Miller would not say whether Passaic 's loss of the LSC grant would be followed by a cutoff of state funding , but comments , `` we have only , historically , had one provider in any geographical service area . ''
miller would not say whether passaic 's loss of the lsc [give] would be followed by a cutoff of state funding , but comments , `` we have only , historically , had one provider in any geographical service area . ''

`` the new entity does not want to have any responsibility for administering a grant . ''
`` the new entity does not want to have any responsibility for administering a [give] . ''

Robert Magnanini , counsel at Latham & Watkins , worries that a grant of injunctive relief could hold up LSC funding for Bergen and Hudson .
robert magnanini , counsel at latham & watkins , worries that a [give] of injunctive relief could hold up lsc funding for bergen and hudson .

Unless U.S. District Judge William Walls , who is assigned to the case , calls a halt to the process , LSC expects to make final grant awards by early December .
unless u.s. district judge william walls , who is assigned to the case , calls a halt to the process , lsc expects to make final [give] awards by early december .

The departure left him free to open his own discount law shop at 2485 Grant Ave. His `` work in progress , '' as he calls it , mirrors the no-fee legal services guidelines .
the departure left him free to open his own discount law shop at 2485 [give] ave. his `` work in progress , '' as he calls it , mirrors the no-fee legal services guidelines .

Pro bono help needed With the $ 80,000 in grant funds he was trying for , Smith had thought of hiring a lawyer , and paying Jody .
pro bono help needed with the $ 80,000 in [give] funds he was trying for , smith had thought of hiring a lawyer , and paying jody .

GRANT PROVIDES FUNDING TO CONNECT LEGAL AID CALL CENTERS Mary Alice Robbins September 9 , 2002 A $ 100,000 technology grant awarded to Texas Rural Legal Aid will fund an Austin call center and connect it with centers in San Antonio and Corpus Christi to assist the poor with legal problems in a 68-county area of Southwest Texas .
[give] provides funding to connect legal aid call centers mary alice robbins september 9 , 2002 a $ 100,000 technology [give] awarded to texas rural legal aid will fund an austin call center and connect it with centers in san antonio and corpus christi to assist the poor with legal problems in a 68-county area of southwest texas .

Washington , D.C.-based Legal Services Corp. , which oversees federally funded legal aid , awarded the grant to TRLA , which serves an area extending from Austin south to the Rio Grande Valley and west to El Paso .
washington , d.c.-based legal services corp. , which oversees federally funded legal aid , awarded the [give] to trla , which serves an area extending from austin south to the rio grande valley and west to el paso .

With funding from the grant , the three centers will be tied together in an integrated phone system , he adds .
with funding from the [give] , the three centers will be tied together in an integrated phone system , he adds .

Says Powers , `` This grant will help provide our students with valuable professional experience that will help them in whatever areas they go into , but will also help them understand and have the ideals of providing legal services to every citizen of the state . ''
says powers , `` this [give] will help provide our students with valuable professional experience that will help them in whatever areas they go into , but will also help them understand and have the ideals of providing legal services to every citizen of the state . ''

Wallace worked with Joyce McConnell , associate dean for academic affairs at West Virginia University College of Law , to set up a Kellogg Grant internship for law students of WVU in 1990 .
wallace worked with joyce mcconnell , associate dean for academic affairs at west virginia university college of law , to set up a kellogg [give] internship for law students of wvu in 1990 .

McConnell spearheaded writing the grant .
mcconnell spearheaded writing the [give] .

Over the summer , the office reapplied for a federal grant to serve Passaic County in the coming year .
over the summer , the office reapplied for a federal [give] to serve passaic county in the coming year .

In 1998 , two years after Washington cut legal-aid funding by a third or $ 122 million - state programs started facing more rigorous requirements for grant renewals , including achieving `` optimal configuration of service areas . ''
in 1998 , two years after washington cut legal-aid funding by a third or $ 122 million - state programs started facing more rigorous requirements for [give] renewals , including achieving `` optimal configuration of service areas . ''

Advocates for domestic violence victims say the new center , funded with a $ 303,000 federal grant , will be an important step toward getting people the legal help they need .
advocates for domestic violence victims say the new center , funded with a $ 303,000 federal [give] , will be an important step toward getting people the legal help they need .

The grant will pay the salaries of two lawyers and an intake specialist for 18 months at the center , which will operate out of rented space in Salem 's old Masonic building at 70 Washington St. Center organizers hope to obtain more funds to extend the program .
the [give] will pay the salaries of two lawyers and an intake specialist for 18 months at the center , which will operate out of rented space in salem 's old masonic building at 70 washington st. center organizers hope to obtain more funds to extend the program .

Six of those agencies teamed up with the two legal service groups to apply for the grant : Help for Abused Women and their Children , based in Salem ; the Women 's Resource Center in Lawrence ; the Newburyport Crisis Center ; Action Inc. , in Gloucester ; Alternative House , based in Lowell ; and North Shore Community Action Program , based in Peabody .
six of those agencies teamed up with the two legal service groups to apply for the [give] : help for abused women and their children , based in salem ; the women 's resource center in lawrence ; the newburyport crisis center ; action inc. , in gloucester ; alternative house , based in lowell ; and north shore community action program , based in peabody .

A three-year grant worth $ 6.6 million and a separate technology grant were announced at a press conference and dinner held Thursday at Evo .
a three-year [give] worth $ 6.6 million and a separate technology [give] were announced at a press conference and dinner held thursday at evo .

The $ 6.6 million grant will pay for staffing operations .
the $ 6.6 million [give] will pay for staffing operations .

The Web site , which will be created with a $ 50,000 grant , is intended to offer legal advice to poor people across Arizona , said Paul Julian , chief executive officer of Southern Arizona Legal Aid .
the web site , which will be created with a $ 50,000 [give] , is intended to offer legal advice to poor people across arizona , said paul julian , chief executive officer of southern arizona legal aid .

By Nancy Weaver Teichert Saturday , January 25 , 2003 The loss of a federal grant has stymied plans for the Senior Legal Hotline to expand its free legal services statewide .
by nancy weaver teichert saturday , january 25 , 2003 the loss of a federal [give] has stymied plans for the senior legal hotline to expand its free legal services statewide .

The hotline lost out on a grant from the federal Administration on Aging , which would have provided $ 175,000 a year for the next three years .
the hotline lost out on a [give] from the federal administration on aging , which would have provided $ 175,000 a year for the next three years .

David Mandel , supervising attorney , protested to federal officials about the way the hotline 's grant application had been evaluated .
david mandel , supervising attorney , protested to federal officials about the way the hotline 's [give] application had been evaluated .

Kay Loughrey , a program information specialist with the aging administration , said grant applications were ranked a second time after the judges got a chance to review the letters .
kay loughrey , a program information specialist with the aging administration , said [give] applications were ranked a second time after the judges got a chance to review the letters .

Chisorom Okwuosa , legal services developer for the California Department of Aging , said state officials supported the hotline 's grant application .
chisorom okwuosa , legal services developer for the california department of aging , said state officials supported the hotline 's [give] application .

Grant applications submitted by emergency medicine specialists that do not use the methodologic processes preferred by alcohol research study sections are usually going to lose when competing against grants submitted by recognized alcohol research specialists .
[give] applications submitted by emergency medicine specialists that do not use the methodologic processes preferred by alcohol research study sections are usually going to lose when competing against grants submitted by recognized alcohol research specialists .

While their grant applications may not have the methodologic design that study sections composed of alcohol research specialists are accustomed to , funding such research will lead to the development of research methodologies appropriate to the emergency department setting .
while their [give] applications may not have the methodologic design that study sections composed of alcohol research specialists are accustomed to , funding such research will lead to the development of research methodologies appropriate to the emergency department setting .

Supported by grant # 18999 from the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation .
supported by [give] # 18999 from the robert wood johnson foundation .

Richard Brown observed that although the grant review process at NIH can be difficult , the experience of re-submitting grants has strengthened his work .
richard brown observed that although the [give] review process at nih can be difficult , the experience of re-submitting grants has strengthened his work .

Grant review panels should consider proposals from the perspective of the emergency physician , not the perspective of the psychiatrist , who probably has not been in an ED for many years .
[give] review panels should consider proposals from the perspective of the emergency physician , not the perspective of the psychiatrist , who probably has not been in an ed for many years .

He suggested that NIAAA reclaim indirect grant costs from institutions that did not implement positive findings from their research .
he suggested that niaaa reclaim indirect [give] costs from institutions that did not implement positive findings from their research .

Richard Ries responded to Bernstein 's indirect cost proposal by endorsing a doubling of indirect costs for institutions that adopted positive findings as standard operating procedures after the grant period was over .
richard ries responded to bernstein 's indirect cost proposal by endorsing a doubling of indirect costs for institutions that adopted positive findings as standard operating procedures after the [give] period was over .

Babor TF , Grant M. Project on Identification and Management of Alcohol-related Problems .
babor tf , [give] m. project on identification and management of alcohol-related problems .

Barry replied that her group had used the R-01 grant programs to help develop or adapt technology , but she admitted that R-01 grants can be difficult and time-consuming to obtain .
barry replied that her group had used the r-01 [give] programs to help develop or adapt technology , but she admitted that r-01 grants can be difficult and time-consuming to obtain .

Barry surmised that grant proposals to look at more than one health behavior at a time had already been submitted , but she did not know if they had been funded .
barry surmised that [give] proposals to look at more than one health behavior at a time had already been submitted , but she did not know if they had been funded .

Saunders J , Aasland O , Amundsen A , Grant M. Alcohol consumption and related problems among primary health care patients : WHO Collaborative Project on Early Detection of Persons With Harmful Alcohol Consumption , I. Addiction 1993 ; 88:349-62 .
saunders j , aasland o , amundsen a , [give] m. alcohol consumption and related problems among primary health care patients : who collaborative project on early detection of persons with harmful alcohol consumption , i. addiction 1993 ; 88:349-62 .

Saunders J , Aasland O , Babor T , De La Fuente J , Grant M. Development of the Alcohol Use Disorders Identification Test ( AUDIT ) .
saunders j , aasland o , babor t , de la fuente j , [give] m. development of the alcohol use disorders identification test ( audit ) .

She believed that this should be in the recommendation , not just supporting text , because reviewers would want to know how screening and intervention can be implemented into clinical practice when considering grant applications .
she believed that this should be in the recommendation , not just supporting text , because reviewers would want to know how screening and intervention can be implemented into clinical practice when considering [give] applications .

We can also recommend that research efforts should include an ED focus and that emergency medicine experts should be included in the grant review process .
we can also recommend that research efforts should include an ed focus and that emergency medicine experts should be included in the [give] review process .

Longabaugh remarked that NIH is increasingly trying to individualize the routing of grant applications so that study section members are a matter of public record .
longabaugh remarked that nih is increasingly trying to individualize the routing of [give] applications so that study section members are a matter of public record .

If a study section does not include a relevant expert , then a cover letter with the grant application can request such an expert .
if a study section does not include a relevant expert , then a cover letter with the [give] application can request such an expert .

This would not be the blanket grant of authority envisioned in the original Freedom to Manage proposal , but it would permit both the executive branch and the Congress to feel confident that proposed changes would receive timely consideration .
this would not be the blanket [give] of authority envisioned in the original freedom to manage proposal , but it would permit both the executive branch and the congress to feel confident that proposed changes would receive timely consideration .

The Administration has suggested that it needs a special grant of budget flexibility for the Department of Homeland Security .
the administration has suggested that it needs a special [give] of budget flexibility for the department of homeland security .

Depending on the decision to co-locate personnel and the flexibilities ultimately provided to the Administration in legislation -- in particular a broad grant of transfer authority and the ability to staff through non-reimbursable agreements with other agencies -- these estimates may well change .
depending on the decision to co-locate personnel and the flexibilities ultimately provided to the administration in legislation -- in particular a broad [give] of transfer authority and the ability to staff through non-reimbursable agreements with other agencies -- these estimates may well change .

Grant Design Grant Programs : Design Features Shape Flexibility , Accountability , and Performance Information ( GAO/GGD-98-137 , June 22 , 1998 ) .
[give] design [give] programs : design features shape flexibility , accountability , and performance information ( gao/ggd-98-137 , june 22 , 1998 ) .

CFO Survey : Preparing for Tomorrow 's Way of Doing Business , Grant Thornton LLP and the Association of Government Accountants ( Alexandria , Virginia : March 1998 ) .
cfo survey : preparing for tomorrow 's way of doing business , [give] thornton llp and the association of government accountants ( alexandria , virginia : march 1998 ) .

CFO Survey : Preparing for Tomorrow 's Way of Doing Business , Grant Thornton LLP and the Association of Government Accountants ( Alexandria , Virginia : March 1998 ) .
cfo survey : preparing for tomorrow 's way of doing business , [give] thornton llp and the association of government accountants ( alexandria , virginia : march 1998 ) .

CFO Survey : Preparing for Tomorrow 's Way of Doing Business , Grant Thornton LLP and the Association of Government Accountants ( Alexandria , Virginia : March 1998 ) .
cfo survey : preparing for tomorrow 's way of doing business , [give] thornton llp and the association of government accountants ( alexandria , virginia : march 1998 ) .

In some cases , the grants may have more than one purpose.10 For such grants , the investment shall be allocated among stewardship elements on the basis of an estimate of the proportionate funding of the various grant objectives .
in some cases , the grants may have more than one purpose.10 for such grants , the investment shall be allocated among stewardship elements on the basis of an estimate of the proportionate funding of the various [give] objectives .

If allocation is not feasible , the investment shall be reported on the basis of the predominant use of the grant .
if allocation is not feasible , the investment shall be reported on the basis of the predominant use of the [give] .

An example of a grant with a split purpose is a grant issued to a teaching hospital to perform both medical education and medical research .
an example of a [give] with a split purpose is a [give] issued to a teaching hospital to perform both medical education and medical research .

An example of an investment with a split purpose is a grant issued to a state to construct segments of the National Highway System and to conduct highway research .
an example of an investment with a split purpose is a [give] issued to a state to construct segments of the national highway system and to conduct highway research .

An example of an investment with a split purpose is a grant issued to a teaching hospital to perform both medical education and medical research .
an example of an investment with a split purpose is a [give] issued to a teaching hospital to perform both medical education and medical research .

An example of an investment with a split purpose is a grant issued to a teaching hospital to perform both medical education and medical research .
an example of an investment with a split purpose is a [give] issued to a teaching hospital to perform both medical education and medical research .

DEFAULT - The failure to meet any obligation or term of a credit agreement , grant , or contract .
default - the failure to meet any obligation or term of a credit agreement , [give] , or contract .

SUBSIDY COST -The cost of a grant of financial aid , usually by a governmental body , to some person or institution for particular purposes .
subsidy cost -the cost of a [give] of financial aid , usually by a governmental body , to some person or institution for particular purposes .

While the SEC found that it would be inconsistent with the Coordination Act to grant an exemption for the above-described small entities , the Commissioner has written to the congressional committees concerned urging that the sunset provision be eliminated and the ERISA exemption be made permanent .
while the sec found that it would be inconsistent with the coordination act to [give] an exemption for the above-described small entities , the commissioner has written to the congressional committees concerned urging that the sunset provision be eliminated and the erisa exemption be made permanent .

In rare cases , the Comptroller General may grant an extension beyond 30 calendar days if the agency shows that an extension is necessary and will likely result in a more accurate product .
in rare cases , the comptroller general may [give] an extension beyond 30 calendar days if the agency shows that an extension is necessary and will likely result in a more accurate product .

GAO will grant extensions beyond the 30 calendar days only in limited cases ( e.g. , a change in the date of a hearing related to the report ) .
gao will [give] extensions beyond the 30 calendar days only in limited cases ( e.g. , a change in the date of a hearing related to the report ) .

Workpaper Access GAO will grant Members , upon their written request , access to its workpapers at the GAO site or will provide copies of selected workpapers only after a product has been made publicly available .
workpaper access gao will [give] members , upon their written request , access to its workpapers at the gao site or will provide copies of selected workpapers only after a product has been made publicly available .

L. 103-413 ) authorized the Departments to jointly promulgate regulations limited solely to self-determination contracts or the approval , award or declination of such contract regarding the Federal Tort Claims Act , the Contract Disputes Act , declination and waiver procedures , appeal procedures , reassumption procedures , discretionary grant procedures , property donation procedures , internal agency procedures relating to implementation of the Act , retrocession and tribal organization relinquishment procedures , contract proposal contents , conflicts of interest , construction , programmatic reports and data requirements , procurement standards , property management standards and financial management standards .
l. 103-413 ) authorized the departments to jointly promulgate regulations limited solely to self-determination contracts or the approval , award or declination of such contract regarding the federal tort claims act , the contract disputes act , declination and waiver procedures , appeal procedures , reassumption procedures , discretionary [give] procedures , property donation procedures , internal agency procedures relating to implementation of the act , retrocession and tribal organization relinquishment procedures , contract proposal contents , conflicts of interest , construction , programmatic reports and data requirements , procurement standards , property management standards and financial management standards .

NONCOMPLIANCE WITH PROVISIONS OF CONTRACTS AND GRANT AGREEMENTS 4.17 The additional standard related to compliance with provisions of contracts and grant agreements for financial audits performed in accordance with GAGAS is : Auditors should design the audit to provide reasonable assurance of detecting material misstatements of financial statements or other financial data resulting from noncompliance with provisions of contracts or grant agreements that have a direct and material effect on the determination of financial statement amounts .
noncompliance with provisions of contracts and [give] agreements 4.17 the additional standard related to compliance with provisions of contracts and [give] agreements for financial audits performed in accordance with gagas is : auditors should design the audit to provide reasonable assurance of detecting material misstatements of financial statements or other financial data resulting from noncompliance with provisions of contracts or [give] agreements that have a direct and material effect on the determination of financial statement amounts .

Noncompliance includes not only fraud and illegal acts , but also violations of provisions of contracts or grant agreements .
noncompliance includes not only fraud and illegal acts , but also violations of provisions of contracts or [give] agreements .

Auditors should design the audit to provide reasonable assurance of detecting material misstatements resulting from direct and material noncompliance with provisions of contracts or grant agreements .
auditors should design the audit to provide reasonable assurance of detecting material misstatements resulting from direct and material noncompliance with provisions of contracts or [give] agreements .

Likewise , entities that receive government assistance , such as contractors , nonprofit entities , and other nongovernmental entities , are also subject to regulations , contract provisions , or grant agreements that could have a direct and material effect on their financial statements .
likewise , entities that receive government assistance , such as contractors , nonprofit entities , and other nongovernmental entities , are also subject to regulations , contract provisions , or [give] agreements that could have a direct and material effect on their financial statements .

Management , of both governmental entities and others receiving governmental assistance , is responsible for ensuring that the entity complies with not only the laws and regulations but also contract provisions and grant agreements applicable to its activities .
management , of both governmental entities and others receiving governmental assistance , is responsible for ensuring that the entity complies with not only the laws and regulations but also contract provisions and [give] agreements applicable to its activities .

That responsibility encompasses the identification of applicable laws , regulations , contract provisions , and grant agreements , as well as the establishment of controls designed to provide reasonable assurance that the entity complies with those laws , regulations , contract provisions , and grant agreements .
that responsibility encompasses the identification of applicable laws , regulations , contract provisions , and [give] agreements , as well as the establishment of controls designed to provide reasonable assurance that the entity complies with those laws , regulations , contract provisions , and [give] agreements .

To meet this requirement , auditors should have an understanding of internal control relevant to financial statement assertions affected by those laws , regulations , contract provisions , or grant agreements .
to meet this requirement , auditors should have an understanding of internal control relevant to financial statement assertions affected by those laws , regulations , contract provisions , or [give] agreements .

GAGAS extends this requirement to include contract provisions and grant agreements .
gagas extends this requirement to include contract provisions and [give] agreements .

However , AICPA standards do not require that this communication be written , nor do they address communication regarding other noncompliance ( violations of other compliance requirements such as provisions of contracts or grant agreements ) .
however , aicpa standards do not require that this communication be written , nor do they address communication regarding other noncompliance ( violations of other compliance requirements such as provisions of contracts or [give] agreements ) .

Considering Legal , Regulatory , and Other Compliance Requirements 7.17 When laws , regulations , and other compliance requirements such as provisions of contracts or grant agreements are significant to the audit objectives , auditors should design the audit to provide reasonable assurance about compliance with them .
considering legal , regulatory , and other compliance requirements 7.17 when laws , regulations , and other compliance requirements such as provisions of contracts or [give] agreements are significant to the audit objectives , auditors should design the audit to provide reasonable assurance about compliance with them .

The term noncompliance includes not only illegal acts resulting from violations of laws and regulations , but also violations of provisions of contracts or grant agreements .
the term noncompliance includes not only illegal acts resulting from violations of laws and regulations , but also violations of provisions of contracts or [give] agreements .

Auditors also may find it necessary to rely on the work of legal counsel when audit objectives require testing compliance with provisions of contracts or grant agreements.8 Depending on the circumstances of the audit , auditors may find it necessary to obtain information on compliance matters from others , such as investigative staff , other audit organizations or government entities that provided assistance to the audited entity , or the applicable law enforcement authority .
auditors also may find it necessary to rely on the work of legal counsel when audit objectives require testing compliance with provisions of contracts or [give] agreements.8 depending on the circumstances of the audit , auditors may find it necessary to obtain information on compliance matters from others , such as investigative staff , other audit organizations or government entities that provided assistance to the audited entity , or the applicable law enforcement authority .

Management is responsible for establishing effective controls to ensure compliance with laws and regulations , as well as other compliance requirements such as provisions of contracts or grant agreements .
management is responsible for establishing effective controls to ensure compliance with laws and regulations , as well as other compliance requirements such as provisions of contracts or [give] agreements .

When abuse occurs , no law , regulation , contract provision , or grant agreement is violated .
when abuse occurs , no law , regulation , contract provision , or [give] agreement is violated .

The term `` noncompliance '' comprises illegal acts ( violations of laws and regulations ) and violations of provisions of contracts or grant agreements .
the term `` noncompliance '' comprises illegal acts ( violations of laws and regulations ) and violations of provisions of contracts or [give] agreements .

The final regulatory flexibility analysis discusses the comments received from both the industry and the Office of Advocacy , Small Business Administration and the changes made to the proposed rule to grant regulatory relief to the small entities including the sequencing of implementation by establishment size .
the final regulatory flexibility analysis discusses the comments received from both the industry and the office of advocacy , small business administration and the changes made to the proposed rule to [give] regulatory relief to the small entities including the sequencing of implementation by establishment size .

In these situations , an official authorized by the agency head ( or designee ) must grant advance authority in writing , and the agency must ensure that effective controls are in place to ensure the proper reporting of T & A data .
in these situations , an official authorized by the agency head ( or designee ) must [give] advance authority in writing , and the agency must ensure that effective controls are in place to ensure the proper reporting of t & a data .

In the short term , Congress may wish to explore the benefits of ( 1 ) providing OPM with additional flexibility that would enable it to grant governmentwide authority for all agencies ( i.e. , class exemptions ) to use broadbanding for certain critical occupations and/or ( 2 ) allowing agencies to apply to OPM ( i.e. , case exemptions ) for broadbanding authority for their specific critical occupations .
in the short term , congress may wish to explore the benefits of ( 1 ) providing opm with additional flexibility that would enable it to [give] governmentwide authority for all agencies ( i.e. , class exemptions ) to use broadbanding for certain critical occupations and/or ( 2 ) allowing agencies to apply to opm ( i.e. , case exemptions ) for broadbanding authority for their specific critical occupations .

In rare cases , the Comptroller General may grant an extension beyond 30 calendar days if the agency shows that an extension is necessary and will likely result in a more accurate report .
in rare cases , the comptroller general may [give] an extension beyond 30 calendar days if the agency shows that an extension is necessary and will likely result in a more accurate report .

GAO will grant congressional Members , upon their written request , access to its workpapers at the GAO site or will provide copies of selected workpapers only after a product that results from the workpapers in question has been made publicly available .
gao will [give] congressional members , upon their written request , access to its workpapers at the gao site or will provide copies of selected workpapers only after a product that results from the workpapers in question has been made publicly available .

In a companion report , results from a survey of grant recipients are analyzed , giving both a quantitative and a qualitative sense of how the program was working .
in a companion report , results from a survey of [give] recipients are analyzed , giving both a quantitative and a qualitative sense of how the program was working .

The Federal Chief Information Officer : Third Annual Top Ten Challenges Survey , Association for Federal Information Resources Management , November , 1998 ; Implementing Best Practices , Capital Planning and IT Investment Committee , Federal CIO Council , June 1998 ; The Impact of Change : Clinger-Cohen Act Implementation , Laying the Foundation for Year 2000 and Beyond , Eighth Annual ITAA Survey of Federal CIOs , Grant Thornton LLP , December 1997 ; and IAC/CIO Task Force Draft Report , Federal Chief Information Officer « s Working Group and Industry Advisory Council , July 9 , 1996 .
the federal chief information officer : third annual top ten challenges survey , association for federal information resources management , november , 1998 ; implementing best practices , capital planning and it investment committee , federal cio council , june 1998 ; the impact of change : clinger-cohen act implementation , laying the foundation for year 2000 and beyond , eighth annual itaa survey of federal cios , [give] thornton llp , december 1997 ; and iac/cio task force draft report , federal chief information officer « s working group and industry advisory council , july 9 , 1996 .

In an effort to foster more consistent levels of state wide service and to eliminate `` service gaps '' that leave cli ents in geographically remote areas under-represented com pared to their urban counterparts , LSC has asked its grant ees to undergo a fundamental paradigm shift in their pro gram visions .
in an effort to foster more consistent levels of state wide service and to eliminate `` service gaps '' that leave cli ents in geographically remote areas under-represented com pared to their urban counterparts , lsc has asked its [give] ees to undergo a fundamental paradigm shift in their pro gram visions .

O'DONNELL v. EIDLEMAN This litigation involves CCLS 's challenge to certain actions taken by the LSC in connection with the LSC 's consolidation of services areas ( undertaken as a cost-cutting measure ) and implementation of a competitive bidding program for grant money .
o'donnell v. eidleman this litigation involves ccls 's challenge to certain actions taken by the lsc in connection with the lsc 's consolidation of services areas ( undertaken as a cost-cutting measure ) and implementation of a competitive bidding program for [give] money .

Since 1998 , LSC has restructured legal services programs in 24 states , and the number of LSC grant recipients has decreased from 269 in 1997 , to 167 anticipated grantees ( Basic Field and Native American grants ) in calendar year 2002 .
since 1998 , lsc has restructured legal services programs in 24 states , and the number of lsc [give] recipients has decreased from 269 in 1997 , to 167 anticipated grantees ( basic field and native american grants ) in calendar year 2002 .

MANAGEMENT INITIATIVES During this reporting period , LSC continued its efforts to improve the efficiency of its competitive grant award system and the effectiveness of the delivery of legal assistance by its initiative for statewide planning and coordination of legal services .
management initiatives during this reporting period , lsc continued its efforts to improve the efficiency of its competitive [give] award system and the effectiveness of the delivery of legal assistance by its initiative for statewide planning and coordination of legal services .

The RFP was also modified to obtain more comprehensive information on sub-grantees that receive twenty-five percent ( 25 % ) or more of the LSC grant award , and sub-grantees that deliver a full range of services to a specific geographic area within the applicant 's service area .
the rfp was also modified to obtain more comprehensive information on sub-grantees that receive twenty-five percent ( 25 % ) or more of the lsc [give] award , and sub-grantees that deliver a full range of services to a specific geographic area within the applicant 's service area .

It has received 95 applications with total grant requests of over $ 19-million , for projects totaling $ 36 million .
it has received 95 applications with total [give] requests of over $ 19-million , for projects totaling $ 36 million .

Twenty-three of these requests are for implementation of statewide web site templates developed in the FY 2000 grant competition .
twenty-three of these requests are for implementation of statewide web site templates developed in the fy 2000 [give] competition .

LSC grant conditions require that programs obtain LSC approval of a merger or consolidation before LSC will allow the transfer of the grant from one program to another .
lsc [give] conditions require that programs obtain lsc approval of a merger or consolidation before lsc will allow the transfer of the [give] from one program to another .

Shortly beyond the reporting period in May 2001 , the Office of Program Performance held a special telephonic conference for 2002 grant applicants involved in mergers/consolidations .
shortly beyond the reporting period in may 2001 , the office of program performance held a special telephonic conference for 2002 [give] applicants involved in mergers/consolidations .

This session focused on how programs should complete grant applications , and the new grant application requirements for applicants which anticipate sub-granting part of the LSC grant during the grant year .
this session focused on how programs should complete [give] applications , and the new [give] application requirements for applicants which anticipate sub-granting part of the lsc [give] during the [give] year .

Congress has mandated that LSC effectively monitor and audit its grant recipients , and that LSC respect attorney-client privilege and ensure that LSC recipients carry out their work consistent with their professional responsibilities .
congress has mandated that lsc effectively monitor and audit its [give] recipients , and that lsc respect attorney-client privilege and ensure that lsc recipients carry out their work consistent with their professional responsibilities .

The Protocol is intended to set forth LSC 's policy with respect to accessing grant recipients ' files and to facilitate better communication and understanding on this topic .
the protocol is intended to set forth lsc 's policy with respect to accessing [give] recipients ' files and to facilitate better communication and understanding on this topic .

With appropriate notice to the Board and LSC grant recipients , LSC 's President may change or alter this Protocol as circumstances warrant .
with appropriate notice to the board and lsc [give] recipients , lsc 's president may change or alter this protocol as circumstances warrant .

LSC is given explicit authority `` to prescribe the keeping of records with respect to funds provided by grant or contract and shall have access to such records at all reasonable times for the purpose of insuring compliance with the grant or contract or the terms and conditions upon which financial assistance was provided . ''
lsc is given explicit authority `` to prescribe the keeping of records with respect to funds provided by [give] or contract and shall have access to such records at all reasonable times for the purpose of insuring compliance with the [give] or contract or the terms and conditions upon which financial assistance was provided . ''

LSC recipients are obligated to provide information to LSC under the applicable LSC statutes , regulations , grant terms , grant assurances , and other rules and provisions regarding the receipt and use of LSC funds .
lsc recipients are obligated to provide information to lsc under the applicable lsc statutes , regulations , [give] terms , [give] assurances , and other rules and provisions regarding the receipt and use of lsc funds .

The court may not grant a continuance , and other plaintiffs and defendants in the litigation may object to suspending the proceedings .
the court may not [give] a continuance , and other plaintiffs and defendants in the litigation may object to suspending the proceedings .

If opposing counsel filed a motion for summary judgment while a client was out of the country and the court refused to grant a continuance , the attorney would be placed in the impossible position of either taking the steps necessary to respond to the motion , or violating her ethical and professional responsibility .
if opposing counsel filed a motion for summary judgment while a client was out of the country and the court refused to [give] a continuance , the attorney would be placed in the impossible position of either taking the steps necessary to respond to the motion , or violating her ethical and professional responsibility .

This commentator concluded that if the client agrees to the representation with the knowledge that the attorney must seek to withdraw under the rules , and the court refuses to grant the withdrawal motion , the attorney would be required to continue the representation .
this commentator concluded that if the client agrees to the representation with the knowledge that the attorney must seek to withdraw under the rules , and the court refuses to [give] the withdrawal motion , the attorney would be required to continue the representation .

Two separate Native American service areas and two Basic Field service areas have been combined into one Native American area and one Basic Field area , and a grant for both made to a single program .
two separate native american service areas and two basic field service areas have been combined into one native american area and one basic field area , and a [give] for both made to a single program .

Our special grant conditions required periodic submission of written progress reports on achieving a comprehensive integrated delivery system .
our special [give] conditions required periodic submission of written progress reports on achieving a comprehensive integrated delivery system .

Programs in California , Illinois , Kentucky , Louisiana , Michigan , Mississippi , North and South Carolina , South Dakota , Tennessee , Texas and Virginia received special grant conditions .
programs in california , illinois , kentucky , louisiana , michigan , mississippi , north and south carolina , south dakota , tennessee , texas and virginia received special [give] conditions .

TIG visits are made to Technology Initiative Grant ( TIG ) recipients .
tig visits are made to technology initiative [give] ( tig ) recipients .

In addition to the 14 on-site program quality reviews , OPP technology staff visited our 2000 and 2001 Technology Initiative Grant ( TIG ) recipients in Indiana , South Carolina , Pennsylvania , Mississippi , Illinois , and Tennessee .
in addition to the 14 on-site program quality reviews , opp technology staff visited our 2000 and 2001 technology initiative [give] ( tig ) recipients in indiana , south carolina , pennsylvania , mississippi , illinois , and tennessee .

Through its competitive grant process , LSC obtains and reviews substantial data on an applicant 's capacity to respond to a diverse client community .
through its competitive [give] process , lsc obtains and reviews substantial data on an applicant 's capacity to respond to a diverse client community .

This initiative permits LSC to distribute grant award letters electronically from a secure website .
this initiative permits lsc to distribute [give] award letters electronically from a secure website .

EGAL 's benefits include an electronic archive of competitive grant contracts , immediate access to digital grant award documents , reduction in administrative cost , and faster and more efficient transmittal of information to grantees .
egal 's benefits include an electronic archive of competitive [give] contracts , immediate access to digital [give] award documents , reduction in administrative cost , and faster and more efficient transmittal of information to grantees .

Similarly , OIM revised the electronic Grant Renewal Application to accommodate new information sought by LSC and to ensure greater ease for users .
similarly , oim revised the electronic [give] renewal application to accommodate new information sought by lsc and to ensure greater ease for users .

This information was supplied to all grantees and will be the basis of our grant awards for the next decade .
this information was supplied to all grantees and will be the basis of our [give] awards for the next decade .

The Technology Initiative Grant Program ( TIG ) is LSC 's most powerful tool to help programs ramp up existing technology systems .
the technology initiative [give] program ( tig ) is lsc 's most powerful tool to help programs ramp up existing technology systems .

The Technology Initiatives Grant Program LSC received 98 grant applications for the 2002 TIG funding .
the technology initiatives [give] program lsc received 98 [give] applications for the 2002 tig funding .

Measurement of Quality through the Grant Application Process Through the competitive grants process , LSC evaluates an applicant 's capacity to provide effective and efficient high quality legal representation to eligible clients .
measurement of quality through the [give] application process through the competitive grants process , lsc evaluates an applicant 's capacity to provide effective and efficient high quality legal representation to eligible clients .

Suggestions on how to improve the current process were implemented and , as a result , LSC will be sending feedback letters to applicants that filed grant proposals for 2003 funding to begin a dialogue about the applicant 's delivery system based on the grant application .
suggestions on how to improve the current process were implemented and , as a result , lsc will be sending feedback letters to applicants that filed [give] proposals for 2003 funding to begin a dialogue about the applicant 's delivery system based on the [give] application .

Special Communities LSC administers the grant for the Veterans Consortium Pro Bono Program to make available high quality free legal assistance to litigants before the U.S. Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims who can not afford the cost of representation .
special communities lsc administers the [give] for the veterans consortium pro bono program to make available high quality free legal assistance to litigants before the u.s. court of appeals for veterans claims who can not afford the cost of representation .

This year through the competitive grants process , LSC awarded a four-year grant to the Veterans Pro Bono Consortium , a national organization that assists veterans with their appeals process by linking them with pro bono attorneys .
this year through the competitive grants process , lsc awarded a four-year [give] to the veterans pro bono consortium , a national organization that assists veterans with their appeals process by linking them with pro bono attorneys .

LSC 's Program Letter on Intake Our Program Letter on the characteristics of a telephone intake , advice and referral system sets out the attributes of a superb system for grantees to both inform the field and create a set of standards LSC can use during on-site visits and for evaluating grant applications .
lsc 's program letter on intake our program letter on the characteristics of a telephone intake , advice and referral system sets out the attributes of a superb system for grantees to both inform the field and create a set of standards lsc can use during on-site visits and for evaluating [give] applications .

Building on last year 's grant , the TIG 2002 award to Potomac Legal Aid Society ( PLAS ) allows the program to reach the area 's underserved Asian American community .
building on last year 's [give] , the tig 2002 award to potomac legal aid society ( plas ) allows the program to reach the area 's underserved asian american community .

In 2002 , our activities with the National Center for State Courts led to the award of a TIG grant to our grantee in Maryland to implement a project on pro se resources first conceptualized by the National Center for State Courts .
in 2002 , our activities with the national center for state courts led to the award of a tig [give] to our grantee in maryland to implement a project on pro se resources first conceptualized by the national center for state courts .

This system of competitive bidding eliminated the right of grantees to a hearing to contest a funding decision awarding a grant to a competitor , ensuring LSC can award grants to the best applicants without unnecessary administrative barriers .
this system of competitive bidding eliminated the right of grantees to a hearing to contest a funding decision awarding a [give] to a competitor , ensuring lsc can award grants to the best applicants without unnecessary administrative barriers .

Another new provision adopted in 1997 prohibits any local program that has been found to engage in a substantial violation of the law or its grant conditions from being considered for an LSC grant in future competitions .
another new provision adopted in 1997 prohibits any local program that has been found to engage in a substantial violation of the law or its [give] conditions from being considered for an lsc [give] in future competitions .

LSC requires each legal services program to spend an amount equal to at least 12.5 percent of its annualized grant to encourage participation by private attorneys in the provision of legal assistance to poor individuals .
lsc requires each legal services program to spend an amount equal to at least 12.5 percent of its annualized [give] to encourage participation by private attorneys in the provision of legal assistance to poor individuals .

This region has also developed additional resources for region-wide initiatives , such as a $ 120,000 three-year grant from the Rockefeller Foundation to increase the capacities of three community-based organizations .
this region has also developed additional resources for region-wide initiatives , such as a $ 120,000 three-year [give] from the rockefeller foundation to increase the capacities of three community-based organizations .

In FY 2000 , Bay Legal was the recipient of a $ 175,235 LSC Technology Initiative Grant .
in fy 2000 , bay legal was the recipient of a $ 175,235 lsc technology initiative [give] .

This grant will enable Bay Legal advocates and clients throughout the region to use networked computer terminals to easily access forms and information .
this [give] will enable bay legal advocates and clients throughout the region to use networked computer terminals to easily access forms and information .

Under a grant from the Open Society Institute , the programs contracted with the Asian Pacific American Legal Center of Southern California to provide centralized intake for Asian clients who do not speak English .
under a [give] from the open society institute , the programs contracted with the asian pacific american legal center of southern california to provide centralized intake for asian clients who do not speak english .

The I-CAN project , funded initially by an LSC technology initiative grant , was developed by the Legal Aid Society of Orange County ( LASOC ) to help `` pro per '' clients fill out Judicial Council forms in family law matters .
the i-can project , funded initially by an lsc technology initiative [give] , was developed by the legal aid society of orange county ( lasoc ) to help `` pro per '' clients fill out judicial council forms in family law matters .

The other received limited funding , and ultimately was provided a very short grant .
the other received limited funding , and ultimately was provided a very short [give] .

A Technical Assistance Grant from LSC , matched by a grant from The Florida Bar Foundation , enabled the directors to retain the services of a consultant who has continued to guide the planning process .
a technical assistance [give] from lsc , matched by a [give] from the florida bar foundation , enabled the directors to retain the services of a consultant who has continued to guide the planning process .

In one region , three LSC programs have established a regional intake system , funded by an LSC Technology Initiative Grant , with a second planned for another region , to be developed in 2001 .
in one region , three lsc programs have established a regional intake system , funded by an lsc technology initiative [give] , with a second planned for another region , to be developed in 2001 .

This study will be funded by an LSC technical assistance grant and will be coordinated with an ABA peer study .
this study will be funded by an lsc technical assistance [give] and will be coordinated with an aba peer study .

LSC gave Indiana a technical assistance grant to hire a consultant to assist with the planning efforts .
lsc gave indiana a technical assistance [give] to hire a consultant to assist with the planning efforts .

ILS currently has a 3-month sub-grant agreement with the Legal Services Program of Northern Indiana , Inc. ( LSPNI ) which previously received an LSC grant , in order to attempt to reach an agreement with LSPNI regarding transfer of staff and other assets from LSPNI to ILS .
ils currently has a 3-month sub-grant agreement with the legal services program of northern indiana , inc. ( lspni ) which previously received an lsc [give] , in order to attempt to reach an agreement with lspni regarding transfer of staff and other assets from lspni to ils .

ILS worked with the Indiana Supreme Court to submit a successful grant application to the State Justice Institute for a Statewide Pro Se Office , at the Office of Supreme Court Administration .
ils worked with the indiana supreme court to submit a successful [give] application to the state justice institute for a statewide pro se office , at the office of supreme court administration .

Most recently , Pine Tree has received a major grant from the U.S. Department of Commerce 's prestigious Technology Opportunity Program to create the HelpMe Domestic Violence Project .
most recently , pine tree has received a major [give] from the u.s. department of commerce 's prestigious technology opportunity program to create the helpme domestic violence project .

The project will be complemented by the HelpMeLaw website , funded by an LSC Technology Initiative Grant .
the project will be complemented by the helpmelaw website , funded by an lsc technology initiative [give] .

Recommendations from the planning process led to the development of the Maryland Legal Assistance Network ( MLAN ) , funded by the Open Society Institute through a three-year $ 1 million grant to the Maryland Legal Services Corporation .
recommendations from the planning process led to the development of the maryland legal assistance network ( mlan ) , funded by the open society institute through a three-year $ 1 million [give] to the maryland legal services corporation .

State planning in Minnesota goes back to 1980 , when the six LSC-funded programs in the state received a special planning grant to identify areas for coordination and cooperation .
state planning in minnesota goes back to 1980 , when the six lsc-funded programs in the state received a special planning [give] to identify areas for coordination and cooperation .

The system in place today is the result of the processes begun with that grant .
the system in place today is the result of the processes begun with that [give] .

An LSC technical assistance grant enabled the state to begin planning for implementation of Phase II , scheduled for 2000-2003 .
an lsc technical assistance [give] enabled the state to begin planning for implementation of phase ii , scheduled for 2000-2003 .

Future phases of the Statewide Technology Plan , aided in part by an LSC grant , call for streamlining the intake and case management processes , developing seamless communication among all programs and offices , improving client access to services , integrating case management software , and completing the transition to a virtual statewide law firm .
future phases of the statewide technology plan , aided in part by an lsc [give] , call for streamlining the intake and case management processes , developing seamless communication among all programs and offices , improving client access to services , integrating case management software , and completing the transition to a virtual statewide law firm .

The appropriation has been sustained , and with strong support from the state IOLTA program , a private bar campaign and aggressive grant seeking , the programs have increased their advocacy staff by over 40 % .
the appropriation has been sustained , and with strong support from the state iolta program , a private bar campaign and aggressive [give] seeking , the programs have increased their advocacy staff by over 40 % .

In 1999 , New Hampshire planners sought and received an LSC technical assistance grant to begin evaluating the new system they created in 1996 , determining how well it works and what changes may need to be made .
in 1999 , new hampshire planners sought and received an lsc technical assistance [give] to begin evaluating the new system they created in 1996 , determining how well it works and what changes may need to be made .

The grant was matched by the New Hampshire Bar Foundation and New Hampshire Charitable Trust .
the [give] was matched by the new hampshire bar foundation and new hampshire charitable trust .

Currently , most of the regions have developed or are developing a regionwide intake system , with the assistance of consultants and funding provided by the Ohio Legal Assistance Foundation and funds granted by LSC under a technical assistance grant .
currently , most of the regions have developed or are developing a regionwide intake system , with the assistance of consultants and funding provided by the ohio legal assistance foundation and funds granted by lsc under a technical assistance [give] .

LSC has awarded the State Support Center a Technology Integration Grant for development of web-based pro se assistance with tutorials for victims of domestic violence .
lsc has awarded the state support center a technology integration [give] for development of web-based pro se assistance with tutorials for victims of domestic violence .

Legal Aid Services of Oregon has received a federal Violence Against Women Act grant for a videoconferencing pilot project that will permit remote intake from domestic violence shelters in rural areas without legal services offices .
legal aid services of oregon has received a federal violence against women act [give] for a videoconferencing pilot project that will permit remote intake from domestic violence shelters in rural areas without legal services offices .

The program also received an LSC Technology Innovation Grant for a web-based pro se project in conjunction with the Oregon Judicial Administration for Family Law .
the program also received an lsc technology innovation [give] for a web-based pro se project in conjunction with the oregon judicial administration for family law .

In addition , the statewide Resource Development Coordinator has established a staff-level statewide resource development committee that meets regularly by conference call , created a marketing brochure aimed at funders , provided direct technical assistance to regional fundraising efforts , and developed several major statewide grant proposals .
in addition , the statewide resource development coordinator has established a staff-level statewide resource development committee that meets regularly by conference call , created a marketing brochure aimed at funders , provided direct technical assistance to regional fundraising efforts , and developed several major statewide [give] proposals .

Capitalized by a $ 353,000 Bar Foundation grant , and a subsequent $ 46,000 South Carolina Bar donation , LATIS began operations in December 1999 .
capitalized by a $ 353,000 bar foundation [give] , and a subsequent $ 46,000 south carolina bar donation , latis began operations in december 1999 .

In September 2000 , LSC awarded the state LSC 's largest Technology Initiative Grant -- $ 500,000 for a two-year project that will establish a virtual legal aid office in every county of the state , including 23 counties that do not have legal services offices .
in september 2000 , lsc awarded the state lsc 's largest technology initiative [give] -- $ 500,000 for a two-year project that will establish a virtual legal aid office in every county of the state , including 23 counties that do not have legal services offices .

Last year , the state domestic violence coalition received a VAWA grant to set up 13 new local pro bono programs in the 13 communities where there are domestic violence shelters .
last year , the state domestic violence coalition received a vawa [give] to set up 13 new local pro bono programs in the 13 communities where there are domestic violence shelters .

The delivery of legal services in West Virginia will soon be enhanced by a statewide $ 1.6 million TANF grant .
the delivery of legal services in west virginia will soon be enhanced by a statewide $ 1.6 million tanf [give] .

Objectives include : Improving the grant management process to utilize the information received to provide standards-based feedback to programs .
objectives include : improving the [give] management process to utilize the information received to provide standards-based feedback to programs .

These early efforts were funded by a special grant from the American Bar Association Litigation Section ( $ 10,000 ) and matching LSC technical assistance funds ( $ 5,000 ) augmented by a $ 5,000 contribution made on a pro rata basis by the three programs .
these early efforts were funded by a special [give] from the american bar association litigation section ( $ 10,000 ) and matching lsc technical assistance funds ( $ 5,000 ) augmented by a $ 5,000 contribution made on a pro rata basis by the three programs .

Commitment : LSC 's grant making and regulatory authority promotes expanded , effective , and efficient state and local legal services to low income persons .
commitment : lsc 's [give] making and regulatory authority promotes expanded , effective , and efficient state and local legal services to low income persons .

Grantees in 11 states received the maximum grant term of three years .
grantees in 11 states received the maximum [give] term of three years .

Grantees in 10 states received two-year grant terms ( 2002 and 2003 ) for demonstrating significant progress , though still needing additional state planning .
grantees in 10 states received two-year [give] terms ( 2002 and 2003 ) for demonstrating significant progress , though still needing additional state planning .

Those states are Alabama , Florida , Georgia , Louisiana , Massachusetts , Mississippi , Montana , New York ( except for Legal Services of New York City which will receive a three-year grant ) , North Carolina , and Oklahoma .
those states are alabama , florida , georgia , louisiana , massachusetts , mississippi , montana , new york ( except for legal services of new york city which will receive a three-year [give] ) , north carolina , and oklahoma .

Programs in Michigan and the District of Columbia received one-year grant terms for 2002 .
programs in michigan and the district of columbia received one-year [give] terms for 2002 .

Grant conditions , riders , or reporting requirements are being added to a number of grant awards to ensure continued broad-based , inclusive state planning .
[give] conditions , riders , or reporting requirements are being added to a number of [give] awards to ensure continued broad-based , inclusive state planning .

Ninety-five Technology Initiative Grant ( TIG ) requests were received from 46 states and territories for a total of $ 19.2 million .
ninety-five technology initiative [give] ( tig ) requests were received from 46 states and territories for a total of $ 19.2 million .

Other partners on this grant are the University of Michigan , providing servers , and NLADA , providing content and technical assistance .
other partners on this [give] are the university of michigan , providing servers , and nlada , providing content and technical assistance .

The next grant is for a national legal services virtual conferencing center to be coordinated by Gulf Coast Legal Services in Houston .
the next [give] is for a national legal services virtual conferencing center to be coordinated by gulf coast legal services in houston .

A third national system grant , earmarked for the Legal Aid Society of Cincinnati , will help grantees with project evaluations .
a third national system [give] , earmarked for the legal aid society of cincinnati , will help grantees with project evaluations .

The cost to implement the technology portion is only 20 % of the each grant ( $ 10,000 ) .
the cost to implement the technology portion is only 20 % of the each [give] ( $ 10,000 ) .

Another tool being used for replication is the national grant for the technology web site ( LSTech , described above ) .
another tool being used for replication is the national [give] for the technology web site ( lstech , described above ) .

Using the national NTAP grant ( see above ) LSC is gathering information from experts within the legal services community to prepare this manual .
using the national ntap [give] ( see above ) lsc is gathering information from experts within the legal services community to prepare this manual .

The 2001 Grant Activity Report ( GAR ) cycle , including Case Service Reports ( CSR 's ) and the allied Self-Inspection process , has been successfully completed .
the 2001 [give] activity report ( gar ) cycle , including case service reports ( csr 's ) and the allied self-inspection process , has been successfully completed .

LSC has developed performance guidelines for assessing grant applications .
lsc has developed performance guidelines for assessing [give] applications .

Commitment : Review the competitive grant making process , the performance standards applicable to LSC grantees , and LSC 's statutory and regulatory compliance requirements for efficiency , unnecessary duplication and implications for the delivery of high quality , appropriate legal services .
commitment : review the competitive [give] making process , the performance standards applicable to lsc grantees , and lsc 's statutory and regulatory compliance requirements for efficiency , unnecessary duplication and implications for the delivery of high quality , appropriate legal services .

A benefit of Tennessee 's fair housing efforts ( noted earlier ) is that LSC-funded programs in Mississippi , in collaboration with West Tennessee Legal Services , will receive a three-year HUD grant of $ 350,000 to develop and administer a fair housing initiative in Mississippi .
a benefit of tennessee 's fair housing efforts ( noted earlier ) is that lsc-funded programs in mississippi , in collaboration with west tennessee legal services , will receive a three-year hud [give] of $ 350,000 to develop and administer a fair housing initiative in mississippi .

Initially , West Tennessee Legal Services , a program that has many years of experience in running HUD projects , will oversee the grant .
initially , west tennessee legal services , a program that has many years of experience in running hud projects , will oversee the [give] .

The Clear Skies Act revises Section 126 to provide that if any State submits a Section 126 petition concerning emissions from an affected unit , the Administrator may not grant any finding prior to January 1 , 2009 , although the Administrator must take final action during January , 2009 on any petition submitted prior to January 1 , 2007 .
the clear skies act revises section 126 to provide that if any state submits a section 126 petition concerning emissions from an affected unit , the administrator may not [give] any finding prior to january 1 , 2009 , although the administrator must take final action during january , 2009 on any petition submitted prior to january 1 , 2007 .

The Postal Service would be allowed to grant volume discounts and to negotiate contract rates .
the postal service would be allowed to [give] volume discounts and to negotiate contract rates .

Section 403 ( c ) of Title 39 directs that : In providing services and in establishing classifications , rates , and fees under this title , the Postal Service shall not , except as specifically authorized in this title , make any undue or unreasonable discrimination among users of the mails , nor shall it grant any undue or unreasonable preferences to any such user .
section 403 ( c ) of title 39 directs that : in providing services and in establishing classifications , rates , and fees under this title , the postal service shall not , except as specifically authorized in this title , make any undue or unreasonable discrimination among users of the mails , nor shall it [give] any undue or unreasonable preferences to any such user .

Except for a customer with a very high elasticity of demand , there is no reason for a monopoly to grant volume based discounts since customers have no alternative supplier .
except for a customer with a very high elasticity of demand , there is no reason for a monopoly to [give] volume based discounts since customers have no alternative supplier .

Grant C. Peterson , `` Introduction : Arlington County and the After-Action Report , '' July 28 , 2003 ( presented at conference in Arlington , Va. , '' Local Response to Terrorism : Lessons Learned from the 9/11 Attack on the Pentagon '' ) .
[give] c. peterson , `` introduction : arlington county and the after-action report , '' july 28 , 2003 ( presented at conference in arlington , va. , '' local response to terrorism : lessons learned from the 9/11 attack on the pentagon '' ) .

Regarding the intelligence unit , see Nicholas Grant interview ( May 26 , 2004 ) ; Claudio Manno interview ( Oct. 1 , 2003 ) ; Mike Canavan interview ( Nov. 4 , 2003 ) ; Alexander T. Wells , Commercial Aviation Safety ( McGraw-Hill , 2001 ) , p. 308 .
regarding the intelligence unit , see nicholas [give] interview ( may 26 , 2004 ) ; claudio manno interview ( oct. 1 , 2003 ) ; mike canavan interview ( nov. 4 , 2003 ) ; alexander t. wells , commercial aviation safety ( mcgraw-hill , 2001 ) , p. 308 .

The FBI does not have a general grant of authority but instead works under specific statutory authorizations .
the fbi does not have a general [give] of authority but instead works under specific statutory authorizations .

Clarke opposed having the United States facilitate a `` huge grant to a regime as heinous as the Taliban '' and suggested that the idea might not seem attractive to either Secretary Albright or Lady Hillary Rodham Clinton-both critics of the Taliban 's record on women 's rights .
clarke opposed having the united states facilitate a `` huge [give] to a regime as heinous as the taliban '' and suggested that the idea might not seem attractive to either secretary albright or lady hillary rodham clinton-both critics of the taliban 's record on women 's rights .

The resolution creating the new intelligence committee structure should grant subpoena authority to the committee or committees .
the resolution creating the new intelligence committee structure should [give] subpoena authority to the committee or committees .

Any effective system has to grant some scope , perhaps in a little extra inspection or one more check , to the instincts and discretion of well trained human beings .
any effective system has to [give] some scope , perhaps in a little extra inspection or one more check , to the instincts and discretion of well trained human beings .

The need for grant funding to launch any such initiative has to be accompanied by a sound business plan to ensure long-term economic viability .
the need for [give] funding to launch any such initiative has to be accompanied by a sound business plan to ensure long-term economic viability .

Oftentimes , we 're measuring intermediate , lesser things , markers , predictors—we hope —of these clinical endpoints , but they may or may not be accurate. ” The FDA , said the scientist , requires just two positive studies to grant approval to a new drug , but there is no limitation on how many negative studies can be done before one or two positive studies are produced .
oftentimes , we 're measuring intermediate , lesser things , markers , predictors—we hope —of these clinical endpoints , but they may or may not be accurate. ” the fda , said the scientist , requires just two positive studies to [give] approval to a new drug , but there is no limitation on how many negative studies can be done before one or two positive studies are produced .

There have been rumblings of discontent among grant applicants who say that the first round of grant assessments was administered poorly .
there have been rumblings of discontent among [give] applicants who say that the first round of [give] assessments was administered poorly .

Even though recent years have seen the publication of symposia on speciation and books on the ever-contentious issue of species concepts , it has been 23 years since Verne Grant 's authoritative Plant Speciation [ 1 ] and 41 years since Ernst Mayr 's magisterial and highly influential Animal Species and Evolution [ 2 ] —the last syntheses of research on speciation .
even though recent years have seen the publication of symposia on speciation and books on the ever-contentious issue of species concepts , it has been 23 years since verne [give] 's authoritative plant speciation [ 1 ] and 41 years since ernst mayr 's magisterial and highly influential animal species and evolution [ 2 ] —the last syntheses of research on speciation .

Two outstanding new books not only treat speciation as a conceptually unified topic in both plants and animals for the first time , but also provide rich review and analysis of a vast subject that has progressed at least as much since Mayr and Grant wrote as in the century that preceded their work .
two outstanding new books not only treat speciation as a conceptually unified topic in both plants and animals for the first time , but also provide rich review and analysis of a vast subject that has progressed at least as much since mayr and [give] wrote as in the century that preceded their work .

To appreciate the landmark status of these books , consider what has happened in speciation studies since Mayr and Grant published theirs .
to appreciate the landmark status of these books , consider what has happened in speciation studies since mayr and [give] published theirs .

Mayr and Grant articulated positions on species and speciation that had developed during and soon after the Modern Synthesis of the 1930s and 1940s , when modern evolutionary theory developed from a reconciliation of genetics , systematics , and paleontology .
mayr and [give] articulated positions on species and speciation that had developed during and soon after the modern synthesis of the 1930s and 1940s , when modern evolutionary theory developed from a reconciliation of genetics , systematics , and paleontology .

Mayr and Grant drew on abundant systematic data on patterns of divergence and experimental data on genetic differences between related species .
mayr and [give] drew on abundant systematic data on patterns of divergence and experimental data on genetic differences between related species .

Mayr and Grant wrote against a background that almost entirely lacked any mathematical theory of speciation ( which I suspect neither of them would have drawn on even if it had been developed ) , any relevant molecular data ( other than early allozyme studies by the time Grant published ) , and any rigorous phylogenetic methodology .
mayr and [give] wrote against a background that almost entirely lacked any mathematical theory of speciation ( which i suspect neither of them would have drawn on even if it had been developed ) , any relevant molecular data ( other than early allozyme studies by the time [give] published ) , and any rigorous phylogenetic methodology .

Kimura 's neutral theory of molecular evolution [ 4 ] had not yet been published when Mayr wrote , and had not been vindicated when Grant wrote , so genetic drift and a neutral ( nonselectionist ) interpretation of molecular data were still suspect .
kimura 's neutral theory of molecular evolution [ 4 ] had not yet been published when mayr wrote , and had not been vindicated when [give] wrote , so genetic drift and a neutral ( nonselectionist ) interpretation of molecular data were still suspect .

At the NIH , the principal instrument for performing peer review and making grant funding decisions is the study section , composed of about 10–20 members with expertise in a given field .
at the nih , the principal instrument for performing peer review and making [give] funding decisions is the study section , composed of about 10–20 members with expertise in a given field .

In comparison to those in other clinical departments , surgical grant proposals are less likely to be funded , and awards , when funded , are smaller [ 8 ] .
in comparison to those in other clinical departments , surgical [give] proposals are less likely to be funded , and awards , when funded , are smaller [ 8 ] .

The number of researchers under 35 years of age receiving a first RO1 grant , the main NIH mechanism for external funding , in any field , is below 4 % .
the number of researchers under 35 years of age receiving a first ro1 [give] , the main nih mechanism for external funding , in any field , is below 4 % .

Propping up the present structure for financing R & D ( Figure 2A ) is the widely held belief that the private sector plays a key role in the development of new medicines and that it is necessary to grant patents to incentivise private-sector financing .
propping up the present structure for financing r & d ( figure 2a ) is the widely held belief that the private sector plays a key role in the development of new medicines and that it is necessary to [give] patents to incentivise private-sector financing .

If products were protected by patents or other intellectual property claims , the government could grant compulsory licenses ( a procedure allowed by trade agreements to override monopoly rights on a patent , in return for compensation to rights owners ; see Box 1 ) and permit rapid introduction of generic competition .
if products were protected by patents or other intellectual property claims , the government could [give] compulsory licenses ( a procedure allowed by trade agreements to override monopoly rights on a patent , in return for compensation to rights owners ; see box 1 ) and permit rapid introduction of generic competition .

The Sea Grant program in conjunction with interested business , is also currently assessing the carrying capacity of open-water pens as well as their potential environmental impact .
the sea [give] program in conjunction with interested business , is also currently assessing the carrying capacity of open-water pens as well as their potential environmental impact .

Advocacy groups such as Cure Autism ( Los Angeles , California , United States ) and the National Alliance for Autism Research ( Princeton , New Jersey , United States ) greatly influence which autism research projects get funded , both through their own grant programs and also by lobbying Congress for increased federal grants .
advocacy groups such as cure autism ( los angeles , california , united states ) and the national alliance for autism research ( princeton , new jersey , united states ) greatly influence which autism research projects get funded , both through their own [give] programs and also by lobbying congress for increased federal grants .

To energize laboratories with appropriate expertise to participate in this community-wide effort , I suggest that a special program be set up by one or more of the funding agencies so that laboratories undertaking the investigation of any particular protein receive a small grant upfront as a supplement to an existing grant .
to energize laboratories with appropriate expertise to participate in this community-wide effort , i suggest that a special program be set up by one or more of the funding agencies so that laboratories undertaking the investigation of any particular protein receive a small [give] upfront as a supplement to an existing [give] .

Upon completion of the project and the identification of the function , they would receive a further supplement to that grant as a reward .
upon completion of the project and the identification of the function , they would receive a further supplement to that [give] as a reward .

At this point , a small panel could choose among competing efforts and the laboratory chosen would be given a small grant and up to six months to carry out its analysis .
at this point , a small panel could choose among competing efforts and the laboratory chosen would be given a small [give] and up to six months to carry out its analysis .

If the paper was accepted for publication , then an additional sum would be allocated as a supplement to the laboratory 's existing grant .
if the paper was accepted for publication , then an additional sum would be allocated as a supplement to the laboratory 's existing [give] .

This essentially means two things : first , that the copyright holder or holders must grant to the public a free , irrevocable , perpetual license to use , copy , distribute , and make derivative works of their research article , in any medium for any purpose ( excepting those that constitute plagiarism or other dishonest acts , of course ) ; and second , that a digital copy must be deposited in an open public archival repository ( for example , the US National Library of Medicine 's PubMed Central ) .
this essentially means two things : first , that the copyright holder or holders must [give] to the public a free , irrevocable , perpetual license to use , copy , distribute , and make derivative works of their research article , in any medium for any purpose ( excepting those that constitute plagiarism or other dishonest acts , of course ) ; and second , that a digital copy must be deposited in an open public archival repository ( for example , the us national library of medicine 's pubmed central ) .

That is why the Trust will be making it a requirement of its grant conditions that Trust-funded researchers deposit an electronic version of their manuscripts in UKPMC to be made available for free via the Internet within 6 months of publication .
that is why the trust will be making it a requirement of its [give] conditions that trust-funded researchers deposit an electronic version of their manuscripts in ukpmc to be made available for free via the internet within 6 months of publication .

All articles published by PLoS can be included in coursepacks—a use-right that most authors would want to allow without exception , but that most traditional publishers grant only for a substantial fee ( which they rarely share with authors ) .
all articles published by plos can be included in coursepacks—a use-right that most authors would want to allow without exception , but that most traditional publishers [give] only for a substantial fee ( which they rarely share with authors ) .

He says , “ They do n't look like the normal antibiotic , so that 's why I think they 're fairly unique. ” The basic research was done under a grant from the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency ( DARPA ) , the United States Department of Defense 's ( DOD ) central research and development organization , and once the researchers realized they wanted to develop drugs against three agents that have been considered bioterrorism threats — Brucella , tularensis , and anthrax — they established a separate operation , Anacor Pharmaceuticals , which is developing them with DOD funding and without Shapiro .
he says , “ they do n't look like the normal antibiotic , so that 's why i think they 're fairly unique. ” the basic research was done under a [give] from the defense advanced research projects agency ( darpa ) , the united states department of defense 's ( dod ) central research and development organization , and once the researchers realized they wanted to develop drugs against three agents that have been considered bioterrorism threats — brucella , tularensis , and anthrax — they established a separate operation , anacor pharmaceuticals , which is developing them with dod funding and without shapiro .

Langleben is enthusiastic about the potential for an fMRI-based lie detector , and has even applied to the Department of Justice for a grant to develop the technology ( they turned him down , saying it was too expensive ) .
langleben is enthusiastic about the potential for an fmri-based lie detector , and has even applied to the department of justice for a [give] to develop the technology ( they turned him down , saying it was too expensive ) .

Grant [ 1 ] describes as incorrect the statement that at least half of the explanation for individual differences in risk for Alzheimer disease is genetic .
[give] [ 1 ] describes as incorrect the statement that at least half of the explanation for individual differences in risk for alzheimer disease is genetic .

Over the ERC 's first five years , its grant is expected to grow from around €500 million/year to €2 billion/year , and to derive from a reallocation of funds within the EU 's budget rather than from any top-up contributions from Member States .
over the erc 's first five years , its [give] is expected to grow from around €500 million/year to €2 billion/year , and to derive from a reallocation of funds within the eu 's budget rather than from any top-up contributions from member states .

Successful research projects can lead to publications , promotions , grant renewals , and per case clinical trial enrollment fees .
successful research projects can lead to publications , promotions , [give] renewals , and per case clinical trial enrollment fees .

The key is to grant the IRB independence and the authority to provide real oversight .
the key is to [give] the irb independence and the authority to provide real oversight .

It is a rare phenomenon that has been observed after lesions in a variety of brain areas ( Grant et al .
it is a rare phenomenon that has been observed after lesions in a variety of brain areas ( [give] et al .

Lessons from Imaging the Brain Given reports on acquired stuttering after brain trauma ( Grant et al .
lessons from imaging the brain given reports on acquired stuttering after brain trauma ( [give] et al .

Initial work at this center focused on a drug lead for Chagas disease and was supported by a Tropical Disease Research Unit Program project grant from the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases .
initial work at this center focused on a drug lead for chagas disease and was supported by a tropical disease research unit program project [give] from the national institute of allergy and infectious diseases .

Editorial Note : PloS has received financial support in the form of a grant from the Sandler Family Supporting Foundation .
editorial note : plos has received financial support in the form of a [give] from the sandler family supporting foundation .

We expect experimentalists to turn the collaboration 's Web pages into grant proposals .
we expect experimentalists to turn the collaboration 's web pages into [give] proposals .

In the United Kingdom , the Wellcome Trust is making it a requirement of its grant conditions that Wellcome Trust–funded researchers deposit an electronic version of their manuscripts in a UK portal of PubMed Central within six months of publication .
in the united kingdom , the wellcome trust is making it a requirement of its [give] conditions that wellcome trust–funded researchers deposit an electronic version of their manuscripts in a uk portal of pubmed central within six months of publication .

Your gift will assure us of receiving over $ 100,000 of grant money .
your gift will assure us of receiving over $ 100,000 of [give] money .

Let me share with you some recent exciting achievements at SPEA : -A 25 % increase in credit hours for fall , 1992 ; -The new Nonprofit Management Concentration in the MPA program , a joint venture with the IU Center on Philanthropy ; -The new Masters in Planning degree ; -The new Center for Urban Policy and the Environment funded by a $ 8.6 million grant from Lilly Endowment Inc. We look toward a bright and distinguished future .
let me share with you some recent exciting achievements at spea : -a 25 % increase in credit hours for fall , 1992 ; -the new nonprofit management concentration in the mpa program , a joint venture with the iu center on philanthropy ; -the new masters in planning degree ; -the new center for urban policy and the environment funded by a $ 8.6 million [give] from lilly endowment inc. we look toward a bright and distinguished future .

Lilly Endowment , a key supporter of the Center since 1973 , has challenged us by offering a $ 100,000 grant , which we must match in 2000 .
lilly endowment , a key supporter of the center since 1973 , has challenged us by offering a $ 100,000 [give] , which we must match in 2000 .

Let me share with you some recent exciting achievements at SPEA : -The new Center for Urban Policy and the Environment in Indianapolis supported by a major grant from the Lilly Endowment ; -Significant enrollment increases on the Bloomington and Indianapolis campuses as student interest rises in several SPEA programs -- environment , health service management and policy , and criminal justice ; -Nine new faculty members in Bloomington and five in Indianapolis ; -Two new academic programs on the Indianapolis campus : the Master in Planning degree and the Nonprofit Management Concentration in the MPA program .
let me share with you some recent exciting achievements at spea : -the new center for urban policy and the environment in indianapolis supported by a major [give] from the lilly endowment ; -significant enrollment increases on the bloomington and indianapolis campuses as student interest rises in several spea programs -- environment , health service management and policy , and criminal justice ; -nine new faculty members in bloomington and five in indianapolis ; -two new academic programs on the indianapolis campus : the master in planning degree and the nonprofit management concentration in the mpa program .

Without your help we will lose some of this grant money .
without your help we will lose some of this [give] money .

In turn , Audubon will apply for a grant , so birds and wildlife will continue to flourish and so that children and adults can come and enjoy this rare tract in all its natural splendor .
in turn , audubon will apply for a [give] , so birds and wildlife will continue to flourish and so that children and adults can come and enjoy this rare tract in all its natural splendor .

The National Endowment for the Arts has awarded us very generously for the second year in a row , with a grant of over $ 42,000 .
the national endowment for the arts has awarded us very generously for the second year in a row , with a [give] of over $ 42,000 .

Gifts of $ 100 or more will be matched thanks to a special 25th Anniversary $ 100,000 Challenge Grant and will be placed in the Growth For Girls Fund .
gifts of $ 100 or more will be matched thanks to a special 25th anniversary $ 100,000 challenge [give] and will be placed in the growth for girls fund .

That fund would allow us to grant a $ 500 scholarship annually to meritorious applicants with financial need .
that fund would allow us to [give] a $ 500 scholarship annually to meritorious applicants with financial need .

THE LILLY ENDOWMENT CHALLENGE We were founded in 1987 with a major grant from the Lilly Endowment , one of our nation 's largest and most prestigious private foundations .
the lilly endowment challenge we were founded in 1987 with a major [give] from the lilly endowment , one of our nation 's largest and most prestigious private foundations .

Possession of a high school diploma or GED Proof of meeting these , two staff reference letters and an essay stating why they should receive a grant and how it will be used are all reviewed by a Pleasant Run panel , which determines if the applicant merits the funds .
possession of a high school diploma or ged proof of meeting these , two staff reference letters and an essay stating why they should receive a [give] and how it will be used are all reviewed by a pleasant run panel , which determines if the applicant merits the funds .

In order to grant these awards a fifth year , your continued support is critical .
in order to [give] these awards a fifth year , your continued support is critical .

Please consider a grant of $ 10,000 in support of fall and spring weekend adventures for 30 girls .
please consider a [give] of $ 10,000 in support of fall and spring weekend adventures for 30 girls .

The better known you are , the more appealing a personality Leibovitz will grant you .
the better known you are , the more appealing a personality leibovitz will [give] you .

Like most cities , Seattle has municipal laws that grant the mayor broad `` police powers '' -- the authority to take the actions necessary to protect citizens and their property .
like most cities , seattle has municipal laws that [give] the mayor broad `` police powers '' -- the authority to take the actions necessary to protect citizens and their property .

Typically , justices defer to the judgment of the executive branch during the event -- that is , they would be unlikely to grant an injunction preventing the city from enforcing its curfew while the WTO is in town .
typically , justices defer to the judgment of the executive branch during the event -- that is , they would be unlikely to [give] an injunction preventing the city from enforcing its curfew while the wto is in town .

The New York Times and Washington Post lead with the House Judiciary Committee 's decision to grant President Clinton 's lawyers two 9 AM-to-midnight sessions this week to make their case against impeachment .
the new york times and washington post lead with the house judiciary committee 's decision to [give] president clinton 's lawyers two 9 am-to-midnight sessions this week to make their case against impeachment .

The Los Angeles Times leads with the bill passed Thursday by the House that would grant temporary visas to up to 142,500 additional foreign workers with high-tech skills .
the los angeles times leads with the bill passed thursday by the house that would [give] temporary visas to up to 142,500 additional foreign workers with high-tech skills .

Earlier this month , Hawaii 's high court determined that the state was not required to grant marriage licenses to gays and lesbians .
earlier this month , hawaii 's high court determined that the state was not required to [give] marriage licenses to gays and lesbians .

These statements were made , of course , after North ( under a grant of immunity ) proclaimed that he had previously misled and lied to Congress .
these statements were made , of course , after north ( under a [give] of immunity ) proclaimed that he had previously misled and lied to congress .

The Pinochet specter is also raised in the Hong Kong Standard , which questions the possibility that Cambodian leader Hun Sen might grant amnesty to two prominent members of the Khmer Rouge : `` Why should these killers be let off ? ''
the pinochet specter is also raised in the hong kong standard , which questions the possibility that cambodian leader hun sen might [give] amnesty to two prominent members of the khmer rouge : `` why should these killers be let off ? ''

The governor assured disappointed supporters that he will execute other people : `` I continue to support capital punishment , but after careful consideration of [ the pope 's ] direct and personal appeal and because of a deep and abiding respect for the pontiff and all that he represents , I decided last night to grant his request . ''
the governor assured disappointed supporters that he will execute other people : `` i continue to support capital punishment , but after careful consideration of [ the pope 's ] direct and personal appeal and because of a deep and abiding respect for the pontiff and all that he represents , i decided last night to [give] his request . ''

A Clinton-authored grant program inspired by the conference did become law in 1994 .
a clinton-authored [give] program inspired by the conference did become law in 1994 .

Corriere della Sera of Milan , in a front-page editorial , compared favorably the German government 's well-prepared and well-argued proposal ( although rejected by the voters of Hesse ) to grant German citizenship to more than half its 7 million resident foreigners with the Italian government 's sudden immigration decree which , it said , could generate xenophobia and racism .
corriere della sera of milan , in a front-page editorial , compared favorably the german government 's well-prepared and well-argued proposal ( although rejected by the voters of hesse ) to [give] german citizenship to more than half its 7 million resident foreigners with the italian government 's sudden immigration decree which , it said , could generate xenophobia and racism .

Cambodia 's figurehead king refuses to grant them amnesty , saying they should face an international tribunal .
cambodia 's figurehead king refuses to [give] them amnesty , saying they should face an international tribunal .

Wade was likely to grant Pomeroy the control over Kansas appointments that had been Ross ' .
wade was likely to [give] pomeroy the control over kansas appointments that had been ross ' .

All `` seven martyrs , '' as they 've been lionized , stayed Republicans and campaigned for Ulysses S. Grant in 1868 .
all `` seven martyrs , '' as they 've been lionized , stayed republicans and campaigned for ulysses s. [give] in 1868 .

Honorary ( a k a `` lifetime achievement '' or `` deathbed '' ) Oscars are typically consolation prizes , given to people whose work was overlooked in its time -- such as Cary Grant , Howard Hawks , Federico Fellini , and Stanley Donen , none of whom ever won a real Oscar .
honorary ( a k a `` lifetime achievement '' or `` deathbed '' ) oscars are typically consolation prizes , given to people whose work was overlooked in its time -- such as cary [give] , howard hawks , federico fellini , and stanley donen , none of whom ever won a real oscar .

Grant 's Tom Smith and His Incredible Bread Machine :
[give] 's tom smith and his incredible bread machine :

He fails to grant black college students the same assumption he might grant whites -- that affluent Freaknik partiers are a small subset of college students .
he fails to [give] black college students the same assumption he might [give] whites -- that affluent freaknik partiers are a small subset of college students .

Afterward , perhaps she 'll grant us a public word or two on the Capitol steps .
afterward , perhaps she 'll [give] us a public word or two on the capitol steps .

Turkish Kurds do n't demand separation , only limited autonomy , and Turkey ought to grant that to keep the peace .
turkish kurds do n't demand separation , only limited autonomy , and turkey ought to [give] that to keep the peace .

Although reviewers grant that this production benefits from some nuanced performances , they still conclude that `` The Sound of Music is n't really for grown-ups '' ( Ben Brantley , the New York Times ) .
although reviewers [give] that this production benefits from some nuanced performances , they still conclude that `` the sound of music is n't really for grown-ups '' ( ben brantley , the new york times ) .

Besides , let 's say I grant you that Eleanor is responsible ( in part ) for the nanny state .
besides , let 's say i [give] you that eleanor is responsible ( in part ) for the nanny state .

I still ca n't grant you that this is a bad thing .
i still ca n't [give] you that this is a bad thing .

Chatterbox will grant that some of this crude psychology may be at work .
chatterbox will [give] that some of this crude psychology may be at work .

Earlier this week , members of the Los Angeles Film Critics Association condemned the Motion Picture Academy of America for refusing to grant Stanley Kubrick 's Eyes Wide Shut an R rating without a bunch of ludicrous digital alterations during a ritualized orgy .
earlier this week , members of the los angeles film critics association condemned the motion picture academy of america for refusing to [give] stanley kubrick 's eyes wide shut an r rating without a bunch of ludicrous digital alterations during a ritualized orgy .

Do you think an organization like the American Center for Law and Justice , which fights for the rights of Christians , will take on the anti-discrimination suit of a New Age guru denied a government grant ?
do you think an organization like the american center for law and justice , which fights for the rights of christians , will take on the anti-discrimination suit of a new age guru denied a government [give] ?

True -- but I fully grant that importance .
true -- but i fully [give] that importance .

I am talking to a distinguished professor of public policy about a foundation grant .
i am talking to a distinguished professor of public policy about a foundation [give] .

Between 1989 and 1993 , 48,000 students received Pell Grant overpayments ; 35,000 received Pell Grants from two separate schools simultaneously ; and 101,000 students , ineligible for Pell Grants because they had defaulted on federally guaranteed loans , received them anyway .
between 1989 and 1993 , 48,000 students received pell [give] overpayments ; 35,000 received pell grants from two separate schools simultaneously ; and 101,000 students , ineligible for pell grants because they had defaulted on federally guaranteed loans , received them anyway .

It is urgent that the European Union formally grant Turkey candidate status . ''
it is urgent that the european union formally [give] turkey candidate status . ''

I can grant the dysfunction of our politicians over the study published by the American Psychological Association , but David Plotz is being uncharacteristically soft on what is , after all , a marked instance of using PR doublespeak to avoid taking responsibility ( `` '' ) .
i can [give] the dysfunction of our politicians over the study published by the american psychological association , but david plotz is being uncharacteristically soft on what is , after all , a marked instance of using pr doublespeak to avoid taking responsibility ( `` '' ) .

Potential plaintiffs must grant businesses 90 days for repairs before suing and will be able to collect only limited punitive damages .
potential plaintiffs must [give] businesses 90 days for repairs before suing and will be able to collect only limited punitive damages .

The Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe should press Russia to cease fire and grant Chechnya autonomy .
the organization for security and cooperation in europe should press russia to cease fire and [give] chechnya autonomy .

After his notorious arrest by the Hollywood vice squad in 1995 , Hugh Grant showed up on talk shows to promote a new film and -- it could n't be avoided -- offer an explanation for his `` crime . ''
after his notorious arrest by the hollywood vice squad in 1995 , hugh [give] showed up on talk shows to promote a new film and -- it could n't be avoided -- offer an explanation for his `` crime . ''

In the gangster farce Mickey Blue Eyes , Grant takes adorable abashment to delirious new heights .
in the gangster farce mickey blue eyes , [give] takes adorable abashment to delirious new heights .

Grant does abashed the way Bogie smoked , the way Marilyn flared her lips .
[give] does abashed the way bogie smoked , the way marilyn flared her lips .

Worse , Grant 's linguistically hapless gangster -- Mickey Blue Eyes -- never makes a climactic reappearance , so the filmmakers waste their best invention .
worse , [give] 's linguistically hapless gangster -- mickey blue eyes -- never makes a climactic reappearance , so the filmmakers waste their best invention .

An op-ed in the St. Petersburg Times by a Russian academic proposed a bold solution to the Russian-Chechen conflict : Grant the territory independence .
an op-ed in the st. petersburg times by a russian academic proposed a bold solution to the russian-chechen conflict : [give] the territory independence .

In the past , Hugh Grant has mainly had chemistry with Hugh Grant , yet in this summer 's Notting Hill , he focused on something other than his own adorableness .
in the past , hugh [give] has mainly had chemistry with hugh [give] , yet in this summer 's notting hill , he focused on something other than his own adorableness .

The federal government has been very reluctant to grant the necessary waivers to allow the Oregon experiment to operate that way , so in reality , the number of diseases covered has not changed very much .
the federal government has been very reluctant to [give] the necessary waivers to allow the oregon experiment to operate that way , so in reality , the number of diseases covered has not changed very much .

Rather grim reports for Hugh Grant 's latest smirking , stuttering performance as an upper-crusty Brit .
rather grim reports for hugh [give] 's latest smirking , stuttering performance as an upper-crusty brit .

Yes , Grant 's cute , but the movie 's a stinker , `` little more than a series of stitched together gags '' ( Stephen Holden , the New York Times ) .
yes , [give] 's cute , but the movie 's a stinker , `` little more than a series of stitched together gags '' ( stephen holden , the new york times ) .

The Chicago Sun-Times ' Roger Ebert says the scenes where Grant learns to talk like a gangster are `` so badly handled by Grant that the movie derails and never recovers . ''
the chicago sun-times ' roger ebert says the scenes where [give] learns to talk like a gangster are `` so badly handled by [give] that the movie derails and never recovers . ''

The Los Angeles Times ' Kenneth Turan , on the other hand , argues that Grant `` goes a long way toward saving [ the film ] from itself . ''
the los angeles times ' kenneth turan , on the other hand , argues that [give] `` goes a long way toward saving [ the film ] from itself . ''

Like FDR , Garfield , Kennedy , Lincoln , McKinley , and Grant , by the time they were Warren Beatty 's age , they were dead .
like fdr , garfield , kennedy , lincoln , mckinley , and [give] , by the time they were warren beatty 's age , they were dead .

A third plan was to note that the city of New York refused to grant a permit for an anti-Klan rally because , since it had just banned a Klan rally , there was no need for anyone to express an opinion on the Klan .
a third plan was to note that the city of new york refused to [give] a permit for an anti-klan rally because , since it had just banned a klan rally , there was no need for anyone to express an opinion on the klan .

My subject , wary by nature , had , after a year of elaborate equivocation , arrived at the point where he would grant me access to his papers -- subject to his approval -- and consent to be interviewed from time to time .
my subject , wary by nature , had , after a year of elaborate equivocation , arrived at the point where he would [give] me access to his papers -- subject to his approval -- and consent to be interviewed from time to time .

President Clinton defended his grant of clemency to Puerto Rican nationalists .
president clinton defended his [give] of clemency to puerto rican nationalists .

Fine , I 'll grant it if he feels the distinction to be an important one .
fine , i 'll [give] it if he feels the distinction to be an important one .

In `` , '' David Greenberg writes : `` In the latest ranking of presidents by professional historians , conducted by Arthur Schlesinger Jr. ( admittedly no Nixon fan ) , RN finished in the bottom tier , alongside Andrew Johnson , Ulysses Grant , Warren Harding , and Herbert Hoover .
in `` , '' david greenberg writes : `` in the latest ranking of presidents by professional historians , conducted by arthur schlesinger jr. ( admittedly no nixon fan ) , rn finished in the bottom tier , alongside andrew johnson , ulysses [give] , warren harding , and herbert hoover .

Rather , they underscore his campaign for rehabilitation and the public 's alleged willingness to grant it .
rather , they underscore his campaign for rehabilitation and the public 's alleged willingness to [give] it .

In the latest ranking of presidents by professional historians , conducted by Arthur Schlesinger Jr. ( admittedly no Nixon fan ) , RN finished in the bottom tier , alongside Andrew Johnson , Ulysses Grant , Warren Harding , and Herbert Hoover .
in the latest ranking of presidents by professional historians , conducted by arthur schlesinger jr. ( admittedly no nixon fan ) , rn finished in the bottom tier , alongside andrew johnson , ulysses [give] , warren harding , and herbert hoover .

You can buy sheets , linens , and furniture now in the great granite temple on Grant Avenue that was once the headquarters of Security Pacific National Bank .
you can buy sheets , linens , and furniture now in the great granite temple on [give] avenue that was once the headquarters of security pacific national bank .

Guided by a pretty good news analysis piece in today 's New York Times ( which has been reflexively anti-Giuliani in most of its coverage ) , Chatterbox looked up the Supreme Court 's most recent ruling touching on this question , in a case where Karen Finley , the performance artist famous for smearing chocolate on her breasts , sued the National Endowment for the Arts for withdrawing a grant .
guided by a pretty good news analysis piece in today 's new york times ( which has been reflexively anti-giuliani in most of its coverage ) , chatterbox looked up the supreme court 's most recent ruling touching on this question , in a case where karen finley , the performance artist famous for smearing chocolate on her breasts , sued the national endowment for the arts for withdrawing a [give] .

Back when I was a struggling cartoonist trying to get my career off the ground , I applied for a $ 10,000 NEA grant to allow me to cut my day job back to 20 hours a week ; I wanted to focus on marketing and improving my cartoons so that I could turn it into a full-time job .
back when i was a struggling cartoonist trying to get my career off the ground , i applied for a $ 10,000 nea [give] to allow me to cut my day job back to 20 hours a week ; i wanted to focus on marketing and improving my cartoons so that i could turn it into a full-time job .

A high-energy physicist once told me , when I asked her what she was working on , `` I could n't possibly put it into words '' -- yet she continues to receive NSF funding , which suggests someone understands what she is up to on her grant applications .
a high-energy physicist once told me , when i asked her what she was working on , `` i could n't possibly put it into words '' -- yet she continues to receive nsf funding , which suggests someone understands what she is up to on her [give] applications .

Most people now assume that Corpus Christi is an expression of ACT-UP-style radicalism -- the theater of queer outrage performed with an NEA grant .
most people now assume that corpus christi is an expression of act-up-style radicalism -- the theater of queer outrage performed with an nea [give] .

Republicans worried that an immunity grant might let Huang off the hook , à la Ollie North .
republicans worried that an immunity [give] might let huang off the hook , à la ollie north .

Air Force Secretary Sheila Widnall refused to grant an honorable discharge , citing Flinn 's alleged `` lack of integrity and disobedience to order '' and warning that a special exemption would discredit the military-justice system .
air force secretary sheila widnall refused to [give] an honorable discharge , citing flinn 's alleged `` lack of integrity and disobedience to order '' and warning that a special exemption would discredit the military-justice system .

The top issues are Bill Clinton 's grant of clemency for imprisoned Puerto Rican nationalists and Bill Bradley 's official announcement of his presidential candidacy .
the top issues are bill clinton 's [give] of clemency for imprisoned puerto rican nationalists and bill bradley 's official announcement of his presidential candidacy .

Greenspan , of course , has never ascribed to himself ( at least not in public -- who knows what he thinks as he sits contentedly in his bathtub ) the level of wisdom and farsightedness that the media have come to grant him .
greenspan , of course , has never ascribed to himself ( at least not in public -- who knows what he thinks as he sits contentedly in his bathtub ) the level of wisdom and farsightedness that the media have come to [give] him .

She also had a date with Cary Grant , stripped for Playboy , and refused cocaine from a Rolling Stone .
she also had a date with cary [give] , stripped for playboy , and refused cocaine from a rolling stone .

A profile of 19 th -century illustrator Thomas Nast credits him with popularizing Santa Claus , electing Ulysses Grant , and ruining William `` Boss '' Tweed .
a profile of 19 th -century illustrator thomas nast credits him with popularizing santa claus , electing ulysses [give] , and ruining william `` boss '' tweed .

A feature story says Detroit Piston Grant Hill is ready to dominate basketball .
a feature story says detroit piston [give] hill is ready to dominate basketball .

Born to a powerful family in Ghana -- his father was a hereditary chief -- Annan attended Minnesota 's Macalester College in the late 1950s on a Ford Foundation grant .
born to a powerful family in ghana -- his father was a hereditary chief -- annan attended minnesota 's macalester college in the late 1950s on a ford foundation [give] .

Handing out a new kind of grant has , after all , a great deal more political appeal than trying to crack down on the old kind .
handing out a new kind of [give] has , after all , a great deal more political appeal than trying to crack down on the old kind .

That is why there is grumbling , but little organized opposition in Virginia and Maryland to the tax grant to the district -- worth perhaps $ 700 million a year -- that is gathering bipartisan support in Congress .
that is why there is grumbling , but little organized opposition in virginia and maryland to the tax [give] to the district -- worth perhaps $ 700 million a year -- that is gathering bipartisan support in congress .

The Miami relatives assert that the best way to honor Elián 's mother-who died bringing him to the Unites States-is to grant him citizenship .
the miami relatives assert that the best way to honor elián 's mother-who died bringing him to the unites states-is to [give] him citizenship .

George F. Will ( This Week ) proposes that McCain is like Robert E. Lee and Bush like U.S. Grant ( who won by attrition ) .
george f. will ( this week ) proposes that mccain is like robert e. lee and bush like u.s. [give] ( who won by attrition ) .

Some doctors have said that the rules -- which ask only for patient notification and not consent -- do n't grant patients enough discretion over their medical records .
some doctors have said that the rules -- which ask only for patient notification and not consent -- do n't [give] patients enough discretion over their medical records .

Although Georgia 's 1995 Constitution did not officially grant independence to these two territories , both are now essentially autonomous , and fighting has ended .
although georgia 's 1995 constitution did not officially [give] independence to these two territories , both are now essentially autonomous , and fighting has ended .

Federal grant applications for improving the town 's industrial park ( itself a federally subsidized project ) , upgrading its sewer system , rehabilitating a government airport , building a golf course ... were abandoned .
federal [give] applications for improving the town 's industrial park ( itself a federally subsidized project ) , upgrading its sewer system , rehabilitating a government airport , building a golf course ... were abandoned .

Do you see a Magic Pride movement starting , with witches and wizards insisting that muggles accept them and grant them civil rights ?
do you see a magic pride movement starting , with witches and wizards insisting that muggles accept them and [give] them civil rights ?

That might not be the case if Greenspan 's successor were either an inflation dove like William Greider or a perma-bear like Jim Grant .
that might not be the case if greenspan 's successor were either an inflation dove like william greider or a perma-bear like jim [give] .

If this piece turned up in the Whitney Museum labeled as an `` installation '' and funded by an NEA grant , conservatives would rise to decry it on the floor of the House of Representatives .
if this piece turned up in the whitney museum labeled as an `` installation '' and funded by an nea [give] , conservatives would rise to decry it on the floor of the house of representatives .

In an editorial , the Telegraph described U.S. indecision about whether to grant an entry visa to Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams as `` obscene , '' said that the questions about Ireland from U.S. legislators of British Prime Minister Tony Blair during his recent visit to Washington were `` of the kind that ought to be reserved for a Turkish president accounting for his country 's treatment of the Kurds -- not for America 's closest democratic ally , '' and urged the British government to embark on a serious propaganda war that would defeat `` the terrorists ... on the battlefield of ideas , as well as in the back streets of Belfast . ''
in an editorial , the telegraph described u.s. indecision about whether to [give] an entry visa to sinn fein leader gerry adams as `` obscene , '' said that the questions about ireland from u.s. legislators of british prime minister tony blair during his recent visit to washington were `` of the kind that ought to be reserved for a turkish president accounting for his country 's treatment of the kurds -- not for america 's closest democratic ally , '' and urged the british government to embark on a serious propaganda war that would defeat `` the terrorists ... on the battlefield of ideas , as well as in the back streets of belfast . ''

In the business and finance news box of the Wall Street Journal , there 's word ( credited to yesterday 's Detroit News ) that in a move to retain white-collar employees , Chrysler is offering 15,000 nonunion salaried workers a grant of $ 4,000 for family-related expenses like elder care and children 's college tuition .
in the business and finance news box of the wall street journal , there 's word ( credited to yesterday 's detroit news ) that in a move to retain white-collar employees , chrysler is offering 15,000 nonunion salaried workers a [give] of $ 4,000 for family-related expenses like elder care and children 's college tuition .

The Los Angeles Times goes with a report on a rift developing among anti-tobacco forces based on whether or not it 's okay to grant any sort of legal immunity to tobacco companies in return for public health gains -- just the sort of deal at the heart of the proposed national tobacco settlement before Congress .
the los angeles times goes with a report on a rift developing among anti-tobacco forces based on whether or not it 's okay to [give] any sort of legal immunity to tobacco companies in return for public health gains -- just the sort of deal at the heart of the proposed national tobacco settlement before congress .

The LAT lead states that economic normalization between the U.S. and Vietnam will result from the administration 's decision , based on its view that Vietnam 's emigration policies have improved considerably , to grant Vietnam a waiver from the Jackson-Vanik Amendment , which bars full economic relations with Communist countries that do n't permit free emigration .
the lat lead states that economic normalization between the u.s. and vietnam will result from the administration 's decision , based on its view that vietnam 's emigration policies have improved considerably , to [give] vietnam a waiver from the jackson-vanik amendment , which bars full economic relations with communist countries that do n't permit free emigration .

The Wall Street Journal `` Tax Report '' notes that a bill passing the House recently would grant accountants and other tax advisers the privilege of client confidentiality that is currently only enjoyed in tax matters by lawyers .
the wall street journal `` tax report '' notes that a bill passing the house recently would [give] accountants and other tax advisers the privilege of client confidentiality that is currently only enjoyed in tax matters by lawyers .

Bradley says Clinton was wrong to grant clemency to Puerto Rican criminals , and he argues that the apparent success of Clinton 's welfare reform is due largely to the strong economy .
bradley says clinton was wrong to [give] clemency to puerto rican criminals , and he argues that the apparent success of clinton 's welfare reform is due largely to the strong economy .

Grant , the great general , turned out a political and administrative booby .
[give] , the great general , turned out a political and administrative booby .

In 1879 , aided by a grant from the Taganrog city council , Chekhov went to Moscow , where most of his family had already moved , to study medicine .
in 1879 , aided by a [give] from the taganrog city council , chekhov went to moscow , where most of his family had already moved , to study medicine .

Consider Jones ' pièce de résistance : On `` one particular evening , '' in response to `` his inner demons , '' and more specifically to the Rockefeller Foundation 's rejection of a grant application , Kinsey allegedly hanged himself by the hand and balls from an overhead pipe `` long enough for this self-appointed Messiah of the sexually despised to experience much pain and suffering , precisely as he had intended . ''
consider jones ' pièce de résistance : on `` one particular evening , '' in response to `` his inner demons , '' and more specifically to the rockefeller foundation 's rejection of a [give] application , kinsey allegedly hanged himself by the hand and balls from an overhead pipe `` long enough for this self-appointed messiah of the sexually despised to experience much pain and suffering , precisely as he had intended . ''

For the same reasons , CBS pledged a $ 1-million grant for PBS 's debut season , but the industry blocked at every turn the British model of a full-fledged public network financed with a hefty tax on televisions .
for the same reasons , cbs pledged a $ 1-million [give] for pbs 's debut season , but the industry blocked at every turn the british model of a full-fledged public network financed with a hefty tax on televisions .

Few people know Cagney 's performances as intimately as they know the high points of the performances of Humphrey Bogart or Jimmy Stewart or Cary Grant .
few people know cagney 's performances as intimately as they know the high points of the performances of humphrey bogart or jimmy stewart or cary [give] .

Of the six , only the basketball star in the bunch , Detroit Piston Grant Hill , appears to have been seriously reading anything other than his own prose .
of the six , only the basketball star in the bunch , detroit piston [give] hill , appears to have been seriously reading anything other than his own prose .

It did strike me as strange that the police would grant public access to the area where a lunatic shooter was still on the loose .
it did strike me as strange that the police would [give] public access to the area where a lunatic shooter was still on the loose .

The NYT points out Saudi Arabia will probably grant fly-over privileges to American bombers taking off from elsewhere .
the nyt points out saudi arabia will probably [give] fly-over privileges to american bombers taking off from elsewhere .

A possible reason for this has come to light : While pursuing Gen. Grant for portraits late in the war , Brady was apparently using his knowledge of troop movements to speculate on Wall Street , sending coded messages through intermediaries in New York .
a possible reason for this has come to light : while pursuing gen. [give] for portraits late in the war , brady was apparently using his knowledge of troop movements to speculate on wall street , sending coded messages through intermediaries in new york .

One of Grant 's assistants got wind of the scheme , and asked Assistant Secretary of War Charles Dana to tell Grant `` how he is being deceived by one to whom he has granted various privileges and favors . ''
one of [give] 's assistants got wind of the scheme , and asked assistant secretary of war charles dana to tell [give] `` how he is being deceived by one to whom he has granted various privileges and favors . ''

Grant remained a stalwart supporter of Brady .
[give] remained a stalwart supporter of brady .

Colford writes in his biography that Howard has elevated `` the final chapter in his war with NBC '' to the `` myth of the inventive radio personality clashing with the stuffed shirts of a mighty network , '' but goes on to record events that sound a lot like stuffed shirts clashing with Stern : Bob Rukeyser , NBC 's director of corporate communications at the time , said that he alerted Grant Tinker , then chairman of NBC , to Stern 's material , and that Tinker decided Stern had to go .
colford writes in his biography that howard has elevated `` the final chapter in his war with nbc '' to the `` myth of the inventive radio personality clashing with the stuffed shirts of a mighty network , '' but goes on to record events that sound a lot like stuffed shirts clashing with stern : bob rukeyser , nbc 's director of corporate communications at the time , said that he alerted [give] tinker , then chairman of nbc , to stern 's material , and that tinker decided stern had to go .

Conservative publications such as Commentary , which was always happy to publish Loury when he criticized liberal evasions , would not grant him space to critique The Bell Curve .
conservative publications such as commentary , which was always happy to publish loury when he criticized liberal evasions , would not [give] him space to critique the bell curve .

Walsh quite rightly points out that his investigation was undermined at the outset by the congressional Iran-Contra committee 's decision to grant immunity to Oliver North and White House National Security Adviser John Poindexter who , along with the conveniently deceased CIA Director William Casey , appear to have been the chief conspirators in the plot .
walsh quite rightly points out that his investigation was undermined at the outset by the congressional iran-contra committee 's decision to [give] immunity to oliver north and white house national security adviser john poindexter who , along with the conveniently deceased cia director william casey , appear to have been the chief conspirators in the plot .

Perhaps the greatest mystery in the history of the Internet is one about which Hafner and Lyon never bother to speculate -- how and why the Pentagon , at the height of the backlash against the Vietnam War , was persuaded to grant a bunch of longhaired , Tolkien-reading grad students huge sums of money , without insisting on oversight .
perhaps the greatest mystery in the history of the internet is one about which hafner and lyon never bother to speculate -- how and why the pentagon , at the height of the backlash against the vietnam war , was persuaded to [give] a bunch of longhaired , tolkien-reading grad students huge sums of money , without insisting on oversight .

There are military entries full of wampum and warpaths ( during the French and Indian War ) and complaints to Congress ( during the Revolutionary War ) , which are interesting to read , even if Washington -- unlike Grant and Sherman from the Civil War -- was not much of a military writer .
there are military entries full of wampum and warpaths ( during the french and indian war ) and complaints to congress ( during the revolutionary war ) , which are interesting to read , even if washington -- unlike [give] and sherman from the civil war -- was not much of a military writer .

If there 's any lesson that men should take from the history of women or women 's sports , it 's that -- like the history of the civil rights movement , or the gay movement , for that matter -- people tend to resemble their dreams long before the powerbrokers grant us permission , or the court of public opinion ever catches up .
if there 's any lesson that men should take from the history of women or women 's sports , it 's that -- like the history of the civil rights movement , or the gay movement , for that matter -- people tend to resemble their dreams long before the powerbrokers [give] us permission , or the court of public opinion ever catches up .

Young women should be informed that , during the evolution of human sexuality , the existence of female choice has favored men who are quickly aroused by signals of a female 's willingness to grant sexual access .
young women should be informed that , during the evolution of human sexuality , the existence of female choice has favored men who are quickly aroused by signals of a female 's willingness to [give] sexual access .

The producers also grant us a fairly high tolerance for boredom .
the producers also [give] us a fairly high tolerance for boredom .

By taking him and Carmela seriously , by making them neither monsters nor the butt of jokes , the writers grant them dignity and pathos .
by taking him and carmela seriously , by making them neither monsters nor the butt of jokes , the writers [give] them dignity and pathos .

State constitutions grant governors a variety of powers -- among them the power to veto bills , appoint officials , and submit a budget to the legislature .
state constitutions [give] governors a variety of powers -- among them the power to veto bills , appoint officials , and submit a budget to the legislature .

The Texas governor ca n't grant clemency to a death-row prisoner , although he can grant a 30-day reprieve until a state board reviews the prisoner 's plea .
the texas governor ca n't [give] clemency to a death-row prisoner , although he can [give] a 30-day reprieve until a state board reviews the prisoner 's plea .

India has not yet decided whether to grant him asylum .
india has not yet decided whether to [give] him asylum .

Remember how , in The Player , Richard E. Grant keeps pitching a project called `` Habeas Corpus '' about a woman on Death Row who falls in love with her lawyer ?
remember how , in the player , richard e. [give] keeps pitching a project called `` habeas corpus '' about a woman on death row who falls in love with her lawyer ?

The Department of Health and Human Services awarded the John Jay College of Criminal Justice a $ 2.6 million grant in 1996 to support Professor Ansley Hamid 's five-year study of heroin use in New York City 's toughest neighborhoods .
the department of health and human services awarded the john jay college of criminal justice a $ 2.6 million [give] in 1996 to support professor ansley hamid 's five-year study of heroin use in new york city 's toughest neighborhoods .

A federal complaint , filed in late October , accused the much-celebrated Hamid of misappropriating grant funds for personal use -- to take trips , buy CDs , and work on an unrelated book manuscript -- and to buy heroin for his research subjects .
a federal complaint , filed in late october , accused the much-celebrated hamid of misappropriating [give] funds for personal use -- to take trips , buy cds , and work on an unrelated book manuscript -- and to buy heroin for his research subjects .

Throughout this terse , entertaining parable ( it won the grand prize at this year 's Cannes Film Festival ) , the Belgian-born writer-directors Luc and Jean-Pierre Dardenne ( La Promesse , 1996 ) immerse you in the sensations of Rosetta 's life : her daily , roundabout slog through the woods to reach the trailer park where she lives with her alcoholic mother ( she 's too ashamed to go through the front entrance ) ; her frustrating treks to find employment , however menial ; and , most of all , her countless rages at a society that refuses to grant her a `` normal '' ( her word ) existence .
throughout this terse , entertaining parable ( it won the grand prize at this year 's cannes film festival ) , the belgian-born writer-directors luc and jean-pierre dardenne ( la promesse , 1996 ) immerse you in the sensations of rosetta 's life : her daily , roundabout slog through the woods to reach the trailer park where she lives with her alcoholic mother ( she 's too ashamed to go through the front entrance ) ; her frustrating treks to find employment , however menial ; and , most of all , her countless rages at a society that refuses to [give] her a `` normal '' ( her word ) existence .

His own grant proposals , available on the Web through the NIH CRISP database , are evidence of the problem .
his own [give] proposals , available on the web through the nih crisp database , are evidence of the problem .

I grant Gould that evolutionary psychology has n't taught us much about genocide that we did n't already know .
i [give] gould that evolutionary psychology has n't taught us much about genocide that we did n't already know .

There are exceptions , yes , such as Detroit Piston Grant Hill , who wears Fila shoes .
there are exceptions , yes , such as detroit piston [give] hill , who wears fila shoes .

Tucker , you may recall , was the rehabilitated axe murderess whose faith-based request for clemency Bush chose not to grant despite pleas from Pat Robertson ( which paradoxically made him more eager to execute her -- the better to distance himself from the religious right ) .
tucker , you may recall , was the rehabilitated axe murderess whose faith-based request for clemency bush chose not to [give] despite pleas from pat robertson ( which paradoxically made him more eager to execute her -- the better to distance himself from the religious right ) .

The lead editorial at the LAT reminds that it 's been almost six years since Newt Gingrich promised to post all congressional proceedings on the Internet and almost four since the passage of the Electronic Freedom of Information Act , which required all federal agencies to grant Americans prompt access to relevant information in their databases .
the lead editorial at the lat reminds that it 's been almost six years since newt gingrich promised to post all congressional proceedings on the internet and almost four since the passage of the electronic freedom of information act , which required all federal agencies to [give] americans prompt access to relevant information in their databases .

Most legal experts said the chance would be short-lived , since courts are almost certain to grant permanent custody to the father .
most legal experts said the chance would be short-lived , since courts are almost certain to [give] permanent custody to the father .

The general staff insisted that Putin grant them total freedom to prosecute the war .
the general staff insisted that putin [give] them total freedom to prosecute the war .

If Cody Shearer did not exist , Richard Mellon Scaife would have given someone a grant to invent him .
if cody shearer did not exist , richard mellon scaife would have given someone a [give] to invent him .

In Rubin 's defense , his stewardship of the economy has done more to help the poor than any federal grant program could have .
in rubin 's defense , his stewardship of the economy has done more to help the poor than any federal [give] program could have .

Elie Wiesel , Edgar Bronfman Sr. , and Alan Dershowitz -- a holy trinity of North American Jews -- recently implored the president to grant Pollard clemency .
elie wiesel , edgar bronfman sr. , and alan dershowitz -- a holy trinity of north american jews -- recently implored the president to [give] pollard clemency .

The Times said the West `` has to thank the brave Canadian judge '' for ending any chance that NATO would grant Milosevic immunity from arrest and prosecution -- one of his principal peace conditions .
the times said the west `` has to thank the brave canadian judge '' for ending any chance that nato would [give] milosevic immunity from arrest and prosecution -- one of his principal peace conditions .

The bombing was supposed to force Milosevic to accept a peace plan that would grant limited autonomy to the ethnic Albanians in Kosovo .
the bombing was supposed to force milosevic to accept a peace plan that would [give] limited autonomy to the ethnic albanians in kosovo .

The modestly ordinary fellow , meanwhile -- the owner of a struggling travel-book shop in the eponymous London neighborhood -- is impersonated by Hugh Grant , who has made a specialty of teasing ordinary modesty into extraordinary adorableness .
the modestly ordinary fellow , meanwhile -- the owner of a struggling travel-book shop in the eponymous london neighborhood -- is impersonated by hugh [give] , who has made a specialty of teasing ordinary modesty into extraordinary adorableness .

Since Hugh Grant does n't fall below too many stations , this goes down more smoothly than it would if he were , say , Danny DeVito .
since hugh [give] does n't fall below too many stations , this goes down more smoothly than it would if he were , say , danny devito .

If Grant speaks through jaws aristocratically locked , his William Thacker is meant to embody a scruffy , downwardly mobile lifestyle ; as a consequence of his integrity , he must share a flat with a cretinously vulgar couch potato called Spike ( Rhys Ifans ) and face a stream of dim customers who refuse to accept that his bookshop carries neither Dickens nor Grisham .
if [give] speaks through jaws aristocratically locked , his william thacker is meant to embody a scruffy , downwardly mobile lifestyle ; as a consequence of his integrity , he must share a flat with a cretinously vulgar couch potato called spike ( rhys ifans ) and face a stream of dim customers who refuse to accept that his bookshop carries neither dickens nor grisham .

The script gives Grant a series of deadpan one-upmanships ; what saves him from seeming like an utter snob is his habit of drawing attention to his own foolishness with a lovably self-deprecating stammer .
the script gives [give] a series of deadpan one-upmanships ; what saves him from seeming like an utter snob is his habit of drawing attention to his own foolishness with a lovably self-deprecating stammer .

The screenwriter , Curtis , began his career with the hilariously acrid BBC sitcom Black Adder before writing The Tall Guy ( 1989 ) and Four Weddings and a Funeral -- a movie that irked me , possibly because Grant passed up the alluringly neurotic Kristin Scott Thomas for the vapidly bovine Andie MacDowell , possibly because its dizzy romantic badinage was interrupted for easy pathos involving a fatal heart attack and other real-world calamities .
the screenwriter , curtis , began his career with the hilariously acrid bbc sitcom black adder before writing the tall guy ( 1989 ) and four weddings and a funeral -- a movie that irked me , possibly because [give] passed up the alluringly neurotic kristin scott thomas for the vapidly bovine andie macdowell , possibly because its dizzy romantic badinage was interrupted for easy pathos involving a fatal heart attack and other real-world calamities .

If victorious , NATO may grant Kosovo independence or perhaps divide it up .
if victorious , nato may [give] kosovo independence or perhaps divide it up .

The deference the Senate used to grant sub-Cabinet nominees is vanishing , too .
the deference the senate used to [give] sub-cabinet nominees is vanishing , too .

One way to judge a grant program is to count the number of projects that but for that grant would not have come to fruition .
one way to judge a [give] program is to count the number of projects that but for that [give] would not have come to fruition .

Another way to judge a grant program is to count the number of summer houses the grant recipients have bought ; by this measure the MacArthurs are a triumph .
another way to judge a [give] program is to count the number of summer houses the [give] recipients have bought ; by this measure the macarthurs are a triumph .

Few passages in the Constitution have been more abused than Article 1 , Section 8.11 , which gives Congress sole power `` to declare war [ and ] grant letters of marque and reprisal . ''
few passages in the constitution have been more abused than article 1 , section 8.11 , which gives congress sole power `` to declare war [ and ] [give] letters of marque and reprisal . ''

Another editorial urges the United Kingdom to donate humanitarian supplies and eventually grant immigration visas to `` our share '' of the refugees .
another editorial urges the united kingdom to donate humanitarian supplies and eventually [give] immigration visas to `` our share '' of the refugees .

Adoring early reviews for this Julia Roberts-Hugh Grant romantic comedy that many critics are calling Four Weddings and a Funeral , Part 2 .
adoring early reviews for this julia roberts-hugh [give] romantic comedy that many critics are calling four weddings and a funeral , part 2 .

Both films were written by Richard Curtis and both cover the same turf -- Grant falling for a ravishing but distant American woman -- in this case Roberts , who stretches to play ... a skittish Hollywood megastar .
both films were written by richard curtis and both cover the same turf -- [give] falling for a ravishing but distant american woman -- in this case roberts , who stretches to play ... a skittish hollywood megastar .

One , the 1867 Tenure of Office Act , prohibited presidents from firing their own Cabinet members ; another required that Johnson deliver all his military orders via Gen. Ulysses S. Grant .
one , the 1867 tenure of office act , prohibited presidents from firing their own cabinet members ; another required that johnson deliver all his military orders via gen. ulysses s. [give] .

Several studio executives have jokingly responded that if their talents were combined in a single actor , he would be the next Cary Grant .
several studio executives have jokingly responded that if their talents were combined in a single actor , he would be the next cary [give] .

Before the 1970s , when every state passed a `` no fault divorce `` law , adultery was usually the only reason courts would grant divorces .
before the 1970s , when every state passed a `` no fault divorce `` law , adultery was usually the only reason courts would [give] divorces .

It 's a direct grant to giant food and wine companies like Gallo , Tyson Foods , and Campbell Soup to pay for their advertising costs overseas .
it 's a direct [give] to giant food and wine companies like gallo , tyson foods , and campbell soup to pay for their advertising costs overseas .

Actors like Susan Sarandon and Whoopi Goldberg seem incapable of grasping that denying someone a government grant does n't violate the right to free speech .
actors like susan sarandon and whoopi goldberg seem incapable of grasping that denying someone a government [give] does n't violate the right to free speech .

If he has to grant immunity to Hillary to prosecute her husband , so be it .
if he has to [give] immunity to hillary to prosecute her husband , so be it .

I asked Johnson 's lawyer whether his client would be willing to grant a waiver so that I could hear the IRS 's side of the story as well .
i asked johnson 's lawyer whether his client would be willing to [give] a waiver so that i could hear the irs 's side of the story as well .

You might grant Clinton that one as a necessary surrender -- no politician in his right mind wants to be allied with child pornographers .
you might [give] clinton that one as a necessary surrender -- no politician in his right mind wants to be allied with child pornographers .

Judge James Robertson ruled that 1 ) prosecutors unconstitutionally forced Hubbell to incriminate himself ( by using documents they got from him under a grant of immunity ) and 2 ) Starr exceeded his authority by going `` six degrees of relationship '' beyond the Whitewater S & L case to nail Hubbell on the far more recent tax charge .
judge james robertson ruled that 1 ) prosecutors unconstitutionally forced hubbell to incriminate himself ( by using documents they got from him under a [give] of immunity ) and 2 ) starr exceeded his authority by going `` six degrees of relationship '' beyond the whitewater s & l case to nail hubbell on the far more recent tax charge .

Translation of the judges ' arguments for rejecting this privilege : 1 ) If Congress wants to grant such a privilege , it should do so explicitly .
translation of the judges ' arguments for rejecting this privilege : 1 ) if congress wants to [give] such a privilege , it should do so explicitly .

The AMA also urged the government to facilitate grant applications for studies on medical marijuana , including access to marijuana supplies .
the ama also urged the government to facilitate [give] applications for studies on medical marijuana , including access to marijuana supplies .

The AMA also urged the government to facilitate grant applications for studies on medical marijuana , including access to marijuana supplies .
the ama also urged the government to facilitate [give] applications for studies on medical marijuana , including access to marijuana supplies .

Gere is a virtuous hero throughout , so much so that at the film 's end , the authorities blithely grant him his freedom .
gere is a virtuous hero throughout , so much so that at the film 's end , the authorities blithely [give] him his freedom .

The paper reveals that despite having the highest rates of new AIDS infection , tuberculosis , and infant mortality in the nation , the city 's Commission on Public Health fumbled spending $ 89 million in federal grant money targeted to just these areas .
the paper reveals that despite having the highest rates of new aids infection , tuberculosis , and infant mortality in the nation , the city 's commission on public health fumbled spending $ 89 million in federal [give] money targeted to just these areas .

Additionally , in a city with `` acres of abandoned and decrepit housing , '' local officials failed to spend millions in federal block grant money intended to rehabilitate housing for the poor .
additionally , in a city with `` acres of abandoned and decrepit housing , '' local officials failed to spend millions in federal block [give] money intended to rehabilitate housing for the poor .

The Washington Post and the New York Times lead with NATO 's decision to grant membership to former Warsaw Pact members Poland , Czechoslovakia and Hungary .
the washington post and the new york times lead with nato 's decision to [give] membership to former warsaw pact members poland , czechoslovakia and hungary .

The NYT goes top of the page with its report that Indiana Sen. Richard Lugar has threatened to make trouble for North Carolina Sen. Jesse Helms ' tobacco interests in upcoming Agriculture committee hearings if Helms does n't grant Mexico Ambassador-nominee William Weld a confirmation hearing .
the nyt goes top of the page with its report that indiana sen. richard lugar has threatened to make trouble for north carolina sen. jesse helms ' tobacco interests in upcoming agriculture committee hearings if helms does n't [give] mexico ambassador-nominee william weld a confirmation hearing .

Chatterbox considered but rejected the idea of awarding Rabinowitz bonus points for having `` eventually convinced '' Broaddrick to grant an interview to the New York Times ( as the Times reports in today 's story ) .
chatterbox considered but rejected the idea of awarding rabinowitz bonus points for having `` eventually convinced '' broaddrick to [give] an interview to the new york times ( as the times reports in today 's story ) .

At the level of mass information , we readily grant ourselves permission to look at such images .
at the level of mass information , we readily [give] ourselves permission to look at such images .

In other cases , the company might give the executive an upfront -- again , large -- grant of free shares of company stock .
in other cases , the company might give the executive an upfront -- again , large -- [give] of free shares of company stock .

For example , if Ovitz 's five-year deal was worth , say , $ 100 million , and if the compensation committee had added to that a front-end grant of free Disney shares worth , say , $ 50 million , then -- assuming that Ovitz finished his five-year contract period -- the cost to Disney would be $ 150 million .
for example , if ovitz 's five-year deal was worth , say , $ 100 million , and if the compensation committee had added to that a front-end [give] of free disney shares worth , say , $ 50 million , then -- assuming that ovitz finished his five-year contract period -- the cost to disney would be $ 150 million .

Andrew Sullivan , one of the leading advocates of gay marriage , writes , `` Marriage is a formal , public institution that only the government can grant . ''
andrew sullivan , one of the leading advocates of gay marriage , writes , `` marriage is a formal , public institution that only the government can [give] . ''

Yugoslav President Milosevic would not grant Dole a visa , forcing the former-Senator to exercise his influence from neighboring Macedonia .
yugoslav president milosevic would not [give] dole a visa , forcing the former-senator to exercise his influence from neighboring macedonia .

The LAT `` Sunday Report '' says that the federal government 's largest education grant program ( $ 118 billion over three decades ) has bombed .
the lat `` sunday report '' says that the federal government 's largest education [give] program ( $ 118 billion over three decades ) has bombed .

Yugoslavia has refused to grant three Kosovo Liberation Army leaders the travel documents necessary to return to Kosovo after the talks .
yugoslavia has refused to [give] three kosovo liberation army leaders the travel documents necessary to return to kosovo after the talks .

Yeltsin earlier appeared to have secured a deal to grant the parliament greater powers in exchange for Chernomyrdin 's confirmation .
yeltsin earlier appeared to have secured a deal to [give] the parliament greater powers in exchange for chernomyrdin 's confirmation .

Additionally , ruled the judge , Starr turned Hubbell into an informant against himself in basing the tax charges on records that Hubbell provided to him under a grant of immunity .
additionally , ruled the judge , starr turned hubbell into an informant against himself in basing the tax charges on records that hubbell provided to him under a [give] of immunity .

The NYT instead sees the influence of the fall elections , going so far as to call the aforementioned new grant limits `` political cover '' for long-time NEA critics who voted yes .
the nyt instead sees the influence of the fall elections , going so far as to call the aforementioned new [give] limits `` political cover '' for long-time nea critics who voted yes .

The vote , the paper continues , also reflected anti-New York sentiment because under the new endowing rules New York , long the NEA 's largest beneficiary , can receive no more than 15 percent of all direct grant monies .
the vote , the paper continues , also reflected anti-new york sentiment because under the new endowing rules new york , long the nea 's largest beneficiary , can receive no more than 15 percent of all direct [give] monies .

In the 1780s there had been a nation-wide protest against grant of pension by the Congress to officers who had served in the Continental Army during the American War of Independence .
in the 1780s there had been a nation-wide protest against [give] of pension by the congress to officers who had served in the continental army during the american war of independence .

I grant teenagers their last fling of childish freedom before adulthood begins to descend .
i [give] teenagers their last fling of childish freedom before adulthood begins to descend .

In it , he attacked vigorously three worthies well-known for their opinions about English -- William Savage Landor , Thomas De Quincey , and ( lengthily ) Richard Grant White .
in it , he attacked vigorously three worthies well-known for their opinions about english -- william savage landor , thomas de quincey , and ( lengthily ) richard [give] white .

In the former sense it gives way to government land or to more specific terms for parcels of land like government domain , government farm , government garden , government ground , government paddock , government reserve and government run ; in the latter it comes increasingly to refer to land that is available for grant , lease , or purchase , to distinguish land which is variously described as unlocated , unoccupied or ( from slightly later , in the 1840s ) unsettled from land which is located or settled .
in the former sense it gives way to government land or to more specific terms for parcels of land like government domain , government farm , government garden , government ground , government paddock , government reserve and government run ; in the latter it comes increasingly to refer to land that is available for [give] , lease , or purchase , to distinguish land which is variously described as unlocated , unoccupied or ( from slightly later , in the 1840s ) unsettled from land which is located or settled .

Location is more difficult , because its sense history in American English is complex ; but in the Australian usage of the 1788-1838 period it meant either an allocation or grant of land or the act of establishing a settler in a place , in which case it was synonymous with settlement , as in the country will shortly be thrown open to general location .
location is more difficult , because its sense history in american english is complex ; but in the australian usage of the 1788-1838 period it meant either an allocation or [give] of land or the act of establishing a settler in a place , in which case it was synonymous with settlement , as in the country will shortly be thrown open to general location .

Your correspondent , Raymond Harris [ XIX , 1 ] , is quite wrong in thinking that Chevalier N. Kenne Grant was using a bogus word .
your correspondent , raymond harris [ xix , 1 ] , is quite wrong in thinking that chevalier n. kenne [give] was using a bogus word .

Both evidence a third form , pomegranate , with its tell-tale variant spelling pommy grant .
both evidence a third form , pomegranate , with its tell-tale variant spelling pommy [give] .

Mr. Grant , really quite glad of an excuse to dismount , offered his cock to Lydia , who immediately flung a leg over it , explaining that she had put on a frock with pleats on purpose , as she always felt sick if she rode sideways .
mr. [give] , really quite glad of an excuse to dismount , offered his cock to lydia , who immediately flung a leg over it , explaining that she had put on a frock with pleats on purpose , as she always felt sick if she rode sideways .

Monsieur Gendron wrote back saying that he had requested a subvention ( grant ) in the annex ( appendix ) to his planification ( policy ) budget to the confessional ( denominational ) school board in order that formation modalities ( training methods ) could be created to make teachers more dynamic animators ( group leaders ) .
monsieur gendron wrote back saying that he had requested a subvention ( [give] ) in the annex ( appendix ) to his planification ( policy ) budget to the confessional ( denominational ) school board in order that formation modalities ( training methods ) could be created to make teachers more dynamic animators ( group leaders ) .

Adrienne Lehrer 's “ Wine Vocabularly and Wine Description ” [ XVIII , 3 ] reminded me of a bogus word used by the distinguished British oenophile N. Kenne Grant , Chevalier et Baron du Vin .
adrienne lehrer 's “ wine vocabularly and wine description ” [ xviii , 3 ] reminded me of a bogus word used by the distinguished british oenophile n. kenne [give] , chevalier et baron du vin .

Font , front , wo n't , want , grand , and grant .
font , front , wo n't , want , grand , and [give] .

A study of successful ESPRIT acronyms ( i.e. , the acronyms of grant applications which proved successful ) suggests certain guidelines .
a study of successful esprit acronyms ( i.e. , the acronyms of [give] applications which proved successful ) suggests certain guidelines .

In a subcategory called “ Extreme , outrageous and offensive calls , ” the authors refer to “ a new genre of phone-ins [ in the US ] whose whole raison d'être is for the presenter to pour abuse on those who call. ” Those who have heard Bob Grant and others in the US are familiar with the pattern .
in a subcategory called “ extreme , outrageous and offensive calls , ” the authors refer to “ a new genre of phone-ins [ in the us ] whose whole raison d'être is for the presenter to pour abuse on those who call. ” those who have heard bob [give] and others in the us are familiar with the pattern .

Preparation of this essay was supported , in part , by a grant from the International Society for Skeptical Humorism .
preparation of this essay was supported , in part , by a [give] from the international society for skeptical humorism .

