The Junior Achievement program is designed to give teenagers practical experience in business by allowing them actually to form small companies , under the guidance and sponsorship of business firms .
the junior achievement program is designed to give teenagers practical experience in business by allowing them actually to form small companies , under the [help] and sponsorship of business firms .

Squeezed into the few cubic feet normally filled by the rocket's automatic guidance mechanism , the scientist waited while the bomber gained altitude .
squeezed into the few cubic feet normally filled by the rocket's automatic [help] mechanism , the scientist waited while the bomber gained altitude .

Latter domain , under the guidance of Chef Tom Yokel , will specialize in steaks , chops , chicken and prime beef as well as Tom's favorite dish , stuffed shrimp .
latter domain , under the [help] of chef tom yokel , will specialize in steaks , chops , chicken and prime beef as well as tom's favorite dish , stuffed shrimp .

consequently an experienced children's librarian at headquarters conducts a guidance program designed to promote well-planned library activities , cooperating with the children's librarians in member libraries by means of individual conferences , workshops , and frequent visits .
consequently an experienced children's librarian at headquarters conducts a [help] program designed to promote well-planned library activities , cooperating with the children's librarians in member libraries by means of individual conferences , workshops , and frequent visits .

You sometimes give them a little demonstration , a little guidance , and suggestions about staying inside the lines .
you sometimes give them a little demonstration , a little [help] , and suggestions about staying inside the lines .

It makes my work a great deal easier to be able to pray for the Lord's guidance while ministering to the physical needs of my patients .
it makes my work a great deal easier to be able to pray for the lord's [help] while ministering to the physical needs of my patients .

The pastor calls in the home of each individual or family for a spiritual guidance conference .
the pastor calls in the home of each individual or family for a spiritual [help] conference .

It is definitely a `` spiritual guidance conference '' .
it is definitely a `` spiritual [help] conference '' .

-- Guidance in Christian social concerns .
-- [help] in christian social concerns .

It takes many forms , this prayer , but in essence it is always a request for guidance , for open minds and gentle hearts , for honesty and sincerity , for the wisdom and the insights that will help Guideposts' readers .
it takes many forms , this prayer , but in essence it is always a request for [help] , for open minds and gentle hearts , for honesty and sincerity , for the wisdom and the insights that will help guideposts' readers .

Twice he left everything to his entourage , and fled to make the Santa Cruz tour under Vernon's guidance .
twice he left everything to his entourage , and fled to make the santa cruz tour under vernon's [help] .

Special information and guidance about the possible difficulties are still of great value .
special information and [help] about the possible difficulties are still of great value .

Of course , there is an element of training here : these gifted people , by concentration , study , guidance , have learned to develop their power .
of course , there is an element of training here : these gifted people , by concentration , study , [help] , have learned to develop their power .

Perhaps under the guidance of this Nazi principle one could , as Eichmann declared , feel personally friendly toward the Jews and still be their murderer .
perhaps under the [help] of this nazi principle one could , as eichmann declared , feel personally friendly toward the jews and still be their murderer .

The girls are prone to dress far more flamboyantly than their counterparts out of town , and eye shadow , mascara , and elaborate bouffant hairdos -- despite the admonitions of cautious guidance personnel -- are not unknown even in early morning classes .
the girls are prone to dress far more flamboyantly than their counterparts out of town , and eye shadow , mascara , and elaborate bouffant hairdos -- despite the admonitions of cautious [help] personnel -- are not unknown even in early morning classes .

Hands-off the economy was replaced by conscious guidance through planning -- the economic side of the constitutional revolution .
hands-off the economy was replaced by conscious [help] through planning -- the economic side of the constitutional revolution .

`` We the people of the Confederate States , each state acting in its sovereign and independent character , in order to form a permanent federal government , establish justice , insure domestic tranquility , and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity -- invoking the favor and the guidance of Almighty God -- do ordain and establish this Constitution for the Confederate States of America '' .
`` we the people of the confederate states , each state acting in its sovereign and independent character , in order to form a permanent federal government , establish justice , insure domestic tranquility , and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity -- invoking the favor and the [help] of almighty god -- do ordain and establish this constitution for the confederate states of america '' .

This was taken after I came to live in Springfield , and it was made under the guidance of the Reverend Raymond Beardslee , a young preacher who came to the Congregational Church there at about the same time that I moved from New York .
this was taken after i came to live in springfield , and it was made under the [help] of the reverend raymond beardslee , a young preacher who came to the congregational church there at about the same time that i moved from new york .

Still another segment of the student population consists of those who seek , in what they regard as religion , intellectual clarity , rational belief , and ethical guidance and reinforcement .
still another segment of the student population consists of those who seek , in what they regard as religion , intellectual clarity , rational belief , and ethical [help] and reinforcement .

The Small Business Administration ( SBA ) provides guidance and advice on sources of technical information relating to small business management and research and development of products .
the small business administration ( sba ) provides [help] and advice on sources of technical information relating to small business management and research and development of products .

Guidance and advice are available on new product research and development ; ;
[help] and advice are available on new product research and development ; ;

The sole guidance given the Court for discharging the task committed to it was this : ``
the sole [help] given the court for discharging the task committed to it was this : ``

An Advisory Council of outstanding public figures with experience in world affairs should be formed to give the program continuing guidance and to afford a focal point for public understanding .
an advisory council of outstanding public figures with experience in world affairs should be formed to give the program continuing [help] and to afford a focal point for public understanding .

This phenomenon raises the question whether the guidance of the emotions for therapeutic ends may not have an even wider application in the area of the neuroses .
this phenomenon raises the question whether the [help] of the emotions for therapeutic ends may not have an even wider application in the area of the neuroses .

There is also the possibility , among higher religions , of experiencing consistent meaning in life and enjoying guidance and expansiveness .
there is also the possibility , among higher religions , of experiencing consistent meaning in life and enjoying [help] and expansiveness .

It gives social guidance and direction and makes for programs of social action .
it gives social [help] and direction and makes for programs of social action .

In steering the family toward ego-adaptive and away from maladaptive responses , the worker uses time-honored focused casework techniques of specific emotional support , clarification , and anticipatory guidance .
in steering the family toward ego-adaptive and away from maladaptive responses , the worker uses time-honored focused casework techniques of specific emotional support , clarification , and anticipatory [help] .

For example , the level of improvement noted in a recent experiment with a short course of immediate treatment for parent-child relationship problems compared favorably with the results reported by typical child guidance clinics where the hours spent in purely diagnostic study may equal or exceed the number of hours devoted to actual treatment interviews in the experimental project .
for example , the level of improvement noted in a recent experiment with a short course of immediate treatment for parent-child relationship problems compared favorably with the results reported by typical child [help] clinics where the hours spent in purely diagnostic study may equal or exceed the number of hours devoted to actual treatment interviews in the experimental project .

Of startling significance , too , is the assertion that it was possible to carry out this program with only a 6 percent attrition rate as compared with a rate of 59 percent reported for a comparable group of families who were receiving help in traditionally operated child guidance services .
of startling significance , too , is the assertion that it was possible to carry out this program with only a 6 percent attrition rate as compared with a rate of 59 percent reported for a comparable group of families who were receiving help in traditionally operated child [help] services .

These reports refer to a level of secondary prevention in a child guidance clinic approached by the customary route of voluntary referral by the family or by other professional people .
these reports refer to a level of secondary prevention in a child [help] clinic approached by the customary route of voluntary referral by the family or by other professional people .

School principals and guidance workers made ratings of the various neighborhoods and the research team made independent observations of houses and dwelling areas .
school principals and [help] workers made ratings of the various neighborhoods and the research team made independent observations of houses and dwelling areas .

In the new country the electoral process is considered as a means of resolving fundamental , and sometimes bitter , differences among leaders and also as a source of policy guidance .
in the new country the electoral process is considered as a means of resolving fundamental , and sometimes bitter , differences among leaders and also as a source of policy [help] .

Many school systems now employ school psychologists and child guidance specialists .
many school systems now employ school psychologists and child [help] specialists .

These records , when systematically maintained , provide much information about the children , which the teacher can use in guidance , instruction , grouping , and reporting to parents .
these records , when systematically maintained , provide much information about the children , which the teacher can use in [help] , instruction , grouping , and reporting to parents .

In the new situation , philosophy is able to provide the social sciences with the same guidance that mathematics offers the physical sciences , a reservoir of logical relations that can be used in framing hypotheses having explanatory and predictive value .
in the new situation , philosophy is able to provide the social sciences with the same [help] that mathematics offers the physical sciences , a reservoir of logical relations that can be used in framing hypotheses having explanatory and predictive value .

Lacking guidance , industry picks its own areas .
lacking [help] , industry picks its own areas .

Therefore , a broad concept of over-all submarine defense is needed for co-ordination of the Navy's efforts , for a logical presentation to the public , for industry's guidance , and as a basis for a program to the Congress .
therefore , a broad concept of over-all submarine defense is needed for co-ordination of the navy's efforts , for a logical presentation to the public , for industry's [help] , and as a basis for a program to the congress .

Progress in predicting water conditions is encouraging , but little guidance is available to the man at sea on the use of such information .
progress in predicting water conditions is encouraging , but little [help] is available to the man at sea on the use of such information .

For His mercy and His guidance to spare you from evil and eternal punishment in the Lake of Fire '' .
for his mercy and his [help] to spare you from evil and eternal punishment in the lake of fire '' .

But now , under the guidance of the contemporary composer Marc Schlek , Jr. , a major revival is under way .
but now , under the [help] of the contemporary composer marc schlek , jr. , a major revival is under way .

He trains under the guidance of his father Eddie at the Morris Motor Club In Cowley .
he trains under the [help] of his father eddie at the morris motor club in cowley .

It used to be called the Great Western railway , which was built in the 1830s under the guidance of the engineer Isambard Kingdom Brunel .
it used to be called the great western railway , which was built in the 1830s under the [help] of the engineer isambard kingdom brunel .

’ We feel that our political representatives require more guidance than they are currently getting .
’ we feel that our political representatives require more [help] than they are currently getting .

No policies or guidance for the Disabled had been drawn up .
no policies or [help] for the disabled had been drawn up .

Report on one of the most lucrative businesses around trainers . Oh why the hell they 've put Porridge on so late ? Did you se , the advert with er Ronnie Barker talking to that other feller and he says oh aye he says we were going through a really bad patch me and the wife who went to marriage guidance and Ronnie Barker says oh did it do you any good ? And he says oh it did her some good she ran off with him ! Have you seen it ?
report on one of the most lucrative businesses around trainers . oh why the hell they 've put porridge on so late ? did you se , the advert with er ronnie barker talking to that other feller and he says oh aye he says we were going through a really bad patch me and the wife who went to marriage [help] and ronnie barker says oh did it do you any good ? and he says oh it did her some good she ran off with him ! have you seen it ?

No it 's like guidance though
no it 's like [help] though

Marriage guidance visit for princess
marriage [help] visit for princess

Dr George Carey called on parents to accept responsibility for the way their children grow up and give them moral guidance .
dr george carey called on parents to accept responsibility for the way their children grow up and give them moral [help] .

He added : ‘ Although parents can not be blamed totally for the way children end up , we are able to shape their behaviour and offer them moral guidance .
he added : ‘ although parents can not be blamed totally for the way children end up , we are able to shape their behaviour and offer them moral [help] .

It said that Mr Lawrie had failed in his duty , in the absence of Mr Macleod , to provide proper guidance and instruction on treasury management to the finance department over the investment of the sums .
it said that mr lawrie had failed in his duty , in the absence of mr macleod , to provide proper [help] and instruction on treasury management to the finance department over the investment of the sums .

Where the English Law Society is introducing measures to ‘ alert the profession to the gravity with which it considers matters of discrimination , ’ its Scottish counterpart recently observed that ‘ guidance or rules ( on discrimination ) for the legal profession are not necessary .
where the english law society is introducing measures to ‘ alert the profession to the gravity with which it considers matters of discrimination , ’ its scottish counterpart recently observed that ‘ [help] or rules ( on discrimination ) for the legal profession are not necessary .

They need moral guidance , they need security and they need jobs .
they need moral [help] , they need security and they need jobs .

As principal psychologist , Miss Paterson led and developed the Child Guidance Service until her retirement in 1966 .
as principal psychologist , miss paterson led and developed the child [help] service until her retirement in 1966 .

During this period she fostered , in association with the Child Guidance Service , the establishment of a team of teachers to provide extra help in Edinburgh primary schools for pupils with learning difficulties : a pioneer concept which was to become more fully implemented in the years following the publication in 1978 of the Warnock Report on Pupils with Special Educational Needs .
during this period she fostered , in association with the child [help] service , the establishment of a team of teachers to provide extra help in edinburgh primary schools for pupils with learning difficulties : a pioneer concept which was to become more fully implemented in the years following the publication in 1978 of the warnock report on pupils with special educational needs .

The Fimbra guidance note , which was first published in July , warns advisers that : ‘ It should be clearly demonstrated that the beneficiaries ’ rights in the ( company ) scheme are fully taken into account , ’ and that anyone contemplating a transfer must be advised that there are four options open to them , including remaining in the scheme as a deferred member .
the fimbra [help] note , which was first published in july , warns advisers that : ‘ it should be clearly demonstrated that the beneficiaries ’ rights in the ( company ) scheme are fully taken into account , ’ and that anyone contemplating a transfer must be advised that there are four options open to them , including remaining in the scheme as a deferred member .

Whessoe celebrated its centenary under the guidance of engineer Thomas Coates , who was very keen on the gas industry .
whessoe celebrated its centenary under the [help] of engineer thomas coates , who was very keen on the gas industry .

‘ Constables have difficulty in obtaining the guidance and advice these key supervisors are there to provide , ’ he said .
‘ constables have difficulty in obtaining the [help] and advice these key supervisors are there to provide , ’ he said .

Coun Williams added officers had contacted the African National Congress ' London office for guidance and had been told the organisation would not welcome trade with the country while sanctions are still in place .
coun williams added officers had contacted the african national congress ' london office for [help] and had been told the organisation would not welcome trade with the country while sanctions are still in place .

The warner system will give pilots advance warning of the firing of enemy missiles or anti-aircraft artillery which use laser guidance or ranging systems .
the warner system will give pilots advance warning of the firing of enemy missiles or anti-aircraft artillery which use laser [help] or ranging systems .

It urges links between guidance teachers and other agencies , such as social work , education welfare officers and children 's panels , and to work on a flexible approach to the curriculum , enabling fourth year leavers to follow particular classes while performing work experience and voluntary work in the community .
it urges links between [help] teachers and other agencies , such as social work , education welfare officers and children 's panels , and to work on a flexible approach to the curriculum , enabling fourth year leavers to follow particular classes while performing work experience and voluntary work in the community .

With guidance she picked a long , beaded dress with a side split and see-through sleeves , which she wore to a special anniversary dinner .
with [help] she picked a long , beaded dress with a side split and see-through sleeves , which she wore to a special anniversary dinner .

There is a new Class for the Mentally Handicapped at St. Ebba 's Hospital , Epsom , under the sympathetic guidance of Pauline Kenward .
there is a new class for the mentally handicapped at st. ebba 's hospital , epsom , under the sympathetic [help] of pauline kenward .

‘ The Careers Advisory Service is available to provide a comprehensive vocational guidance service to students and postgraduates on campus at whatever stage in their studies that they feel the need ’ he said .
‘ the careers advisory service is available to provide a comprehensive vocational [help] service to students and postgraduates on campus at whatever stage in their studies that they feel the need ’ he said .

Stella Webb discovered Medau in 1968 , and was subsequently cajoled into becoming a teacher by Cicely Harris , under whose guidance she qualified in 1973 .
stella webb discovered medau in 1968 , and was subsequently cajoled into becoming a teacher by cicely harris , under whose [help] she qualified in 1973 .

Our Display Team flourishes under Betty 's guidance , performing at several Rallies including our own and at one for the Women 's League of Health & Beauty .
our display team flourishes under betty 's [help] , performing at several rallies including our own and at one for the women 's league of health & beauty .

It also follows Pip 's intensely painful and burning love for Estella who does not return his love but merely plays with his feelings under the guidance of her guardian Miss Havisham .
it also follows pip 's intensely painful and burning love for estella who does not return his love but merely plays with his feelings under the [help] of her guardian miss havisham .

However , there might be guidance about the proportioning of grants to various aspects of development education .
however , there might be [help] about the proportioning of grants to various aspects of development education .

And she wo n't accept my guidance .
and she wo n't accept my [help] .

The Princess , whose parents divorced when she was a child , was recounting her tearful experiences when sitting in on counselling sessions organised by Relate , the former Marriage Guidance Council .
the princess , whose parents divorced when she was a child , was recounting her tearful experiences when sitting in on counselling sessions organised by relate , the former marriage [help] council .

‘ It should be stressed that the priority groups defined by the Secretary of State and the local manager are only guidance , ’ he said .
‘ it should be stressed that the priority groups defined by the secretary of state and the local manager are only [help] , ’ he said .

The Conservative 's plan a continuation of current training programmes for the long-term unemployed together with a new initiative in conjunction with the Training and Enterprise Councils giving people a voucher with which they can buy a ‘ skill check ’ , providing guidance on how to make the most of their working lives .
the conservative 's plan a continuation of current training programmes for the long-term unemployed together with a new initiative in conjunction with the training and enterprise councils giving people a voucher with which they can buy a ‘ skill check ’ , providing [help] on how to make the most of their working lives .

Local authorities , housing associations , community groups , government agencies , private developers and building societies were all represented at the launch , where they were told how Middlesbroughwrought experience and expertise could be applied to similar schemes nationwide , with the SkillBuilding social enterprise company offering guidance on planning , funding , construction and long-term management and also able to act as developer or sub-contractor .
local authorities , housing associations , community groups , government agencies , private developers and building societies were all represented at the launch , where they were told how middlesbroughwrought experience and expertise could be applied to similar schemes nationwide , with the skillbuilding social enterprise company offering [help] on planning , funding , construction and long-term management and also able to act as developer or sub-contractor .

Brannen , born on a farm at Sadberge and raised at first Long Newton and then Yarm , moved to Stoke at the age of 20 partly to study a sports and recreation degree at North Staffordshire Polytechnic but mainly to train under the guidance of Jim Talbot , the national decathlon coach .
brannen , born on a farm at sadberge and raised at first long newton and then yarm , moved to stoke at the age of 20 partly to study a sports and recreation degree at north staffordshire polytechnic but mainly to train under the [help] of jim talbot , the national decathlon coach .

Top guidance
top [help]

As the conservative party prepares itself for a turbulent debate on Europe tomorrow , many of them will be turning to the work of a Cotswold publisher for guidance .
as the conservative party prepares itself for a turbulent debate on europe tomorrow , many of them will be turning to the work of a cotswold publisher for [help] .

When it does , the occasion is one to remember and the guidance emanating from it is something to be heeded .
when it does , the occasion is one to remember and the [help] emanating from it is something to be heeded .

Aid agencies are warning that relief work in the former Yugoslavia is being jeopardised by volunteers taking emergency supplies into war zones without proper guidance .
aid agencies are warning that relief work in the former yugoslavia is being jeopardised by volunteers taking emergency supplies into war zones without proper [help] .

Holmes from Oxford Homes Relate , the old Marriage Guidance Council , says a year is a very short time , she says couples may be confused by the natural progression from the state of being in love to something less emotionally exciting .
holmes from oxford homes relate , the old marriage [help] council , says a year is a very short time , she says couples may be confused by the natural progression from the state of being in love to something less emotionally exciting .

Also proposed is a twelve month cooling off period where couples consider the situation and parents reflect on their children 's future with a marriage guidance counsellor .
also proposed is a twelve month cooling off period where couples consider the situation and parents reflect on their children 's future with a marriage [help] counsellor .

Recognising the quality of our career development programmes , the Department of employment chose Sainsbury 's to be the only employer in the country to pilot the new career guidance vouchers through the Choices programme .
recognising the quality of our career development programmes , the department of employment chose sainsbury 's to be the only employer in the country to pilot the new career [help] vouchers through the choices programme .

Mr. Barnes has been attending the general committee meetings and all the members appreciate the interest , help and guidance he has given .
mr. barnes has been attending the general committee meetings and all the members appreciate the interest , help and [help] he has given .

The students are working under the guidance of park rangers .
the students are working under the [help] of park rangers .

The offshore team are nearing completion of their operations manual , which reflects tremendous efforts by Lindsay Tocher , the entire offshore management team and Annette Aitkin , with the guidance of Bob Rae .
the offshore team are nearing completion of their operations manual , which reflects tremendous efforts by lindsay tocher , the entire offshore management team and annette aitkin , with the [help] of bob rae .

The development of the Contracting Division 's procedures is being carried out by Gerry Donnelly with the guidance of the Divisional Quality Sterring Committee .
the development of the contracting division 's procedures is being carried out by gerry donnelly with the [help] of the divisional quality sterring committee .

The Lower Primary Department , under the guidance of the Lower Primary Assistant Headteacher , comprises the Nursery and Primaries 1 , 2 and 3 .
the lower primary department , under the [help] of the lower primary assistant headteacher , comprises the nursery and primaries 1 , 2 and 3 .

Careers Guidance is undertaken by , Principal Teacher , and , Assistant Headteacher .
careers [help] is undertaken by , principal teacher , and , assistant headteacher .

Clear guidance should be ‘ issued urgently ’ to replace the existing ‘ unhelpful ’ guidelines and , if necessary , legislation should be introduced so that unmet need could be safely recorded .
clear [help] should be ‘ issued urgently ’ to replace the existing ‘ unhelpful ’ guidelines and , if necessary , legislation should be introduced so that unmet need could be safely recorded .

Masud Hoghughi , director of Aycliffe children 's home and an outspoken critic of the earlier draft guidance , said there was no need for specific advice on restraint , beyond identifying the limits .
masud hoghughi , director of aycliffe children 's home and an outspoken critic of the earlier draft [help] , said there was no need for specific advice on restraint , beyond identifying the limits .

‘ We may produce guidance to local authorities or call them in for private chats ’ .
‘ we may produce [help] to local authorities or call them in for private chats ’ .

Radiance Strathdee , the author of research carried out for Centrepoint , said this was not enough : ‘ There is a need for the government to get round the table with local authorities , not to lay down guidance , but to look at strategies to set about moving the impasse which exists ’ .
radiance strathdee , the author of research carried out for centrepoint , said this was not enough : ‘ there is a need for the government to get round the table with local authorities , not to lay down [help] , but to look at strategies to set about moving the impasse which exists ’ .

Guidance on assessments is a case in point .
[help] on assessments is a case in point .

The report describes the guidance as ‘ unhelpful ’ , as it has left SSDs wondering whether recording unmet need will plunge them into costly judicial reviews .
the report describes the [help] as ‘ unhelpful ’ , as it has left ssds wondering whether recording unmet need will plunge them into costly judicial reviews .

It calls for clear guidance to be ‘ issued urgently ’ by the DoH and , if necessary , legislation to ensure there are ‘ no inhibitions on the ability of social services departments and health authorities to make a full assessment of unmet needs ’ .
it calls for clear [help] to be ‘ issued urgently ’ by the doh and , if necessary , legislation to ensure there are ‘ no inhibitions on the ability of social services departments and health authorities to make a full assessment of unmet needs ’ .

From the information gathered , she will then write guidance policy for the different departments .
from the information gathered , she will then write [help] policy for the different departments .

‘ We can use this guidance to alter attitudes ’ , she said .
‘ we can use this [help] to alter attitudes ’ , she said .

Were glad the guidance has finally arrived , however we feel it 's a pity it could not have been more accurate ’ .
were glad the [help] has finally arrived , however we feel it 's a pity it could not have been more accurate ’ .

Offshore units have been piloting changes in the job training format which will result in a reduction in paperwork and clearer guidance for the trainers .
offshore units have been piloting changes in the job training format which will result in a reduction in paperwork and clearer [help] for the trainers .

Er , to start off with they do the full spiritual exercise of Ignatius Loyal all takes thirty days in silent retreat with a with an individual er under individual guidance with a , with a , a director or it could take anything from nine months to eighteen months to do in er day da da da living in open sort of retreat .
er , to start off with they do the full spiritual exercise of ignatius loyal all takes thirty days in silent retreat with a with an individual er under individual [help] with a , with a , a director or it could take anything from nine months to eighteen months to do in er day da da da living in open sort of retreat .

The guitar work on the new album is unmistakably Lukather and , although his playing seems less restricted , Steve still heeds Jeff 's guidance …
the guitar work on the new album is unmistakably lukather and , although his playing seems less restricted , steve still heeds jeff 's [help] …

Thanks to proper medical care , the infection was cured , but he needed a convalescence of four weeks under medical guidance , a time which cost him the part of Timmy Cleary that he craved .
thanks to proper medical care , the infection was cured , but he needed a convalescence of four weeks under medical [help] , a time which cost him the part of timmy cleary that he craved .

As a final bonus , he could pass on his expertise in the saddle and both Tamar and Victoria had made rapid progress under his guidance .
as a final bonus , he could pass on his expertise in the saddle and both tamar and victoria had made rapid progress under his [help] .

Annie glanced at him for guidance , but receiving none , made no reply .
annie glanced at him for [help] , but receiving none , made no reply .

He proposed a ‘ Moran training camp ’ which would ‘ supplement the indigenous system with more direct educative purpose , introducing some of our ideas on personal training and discipline to ensure bringing the young men of the tribe to hand under our guidance in the early stages of their Moranhood ’ .
he proposed a ‘ moran training camp ’ which would ‘ supplement the indigenous system with more direct educative purpose , introducing some of our ideas on personal training and discipline to ensure bringing the young men of the tribe to hand under our [help] in the early stages of their moranhood ’ .

when a few score are responsible for the control and guidance of millions .
when a few score are responsible for the control and [help] of millions .

As much as possible of guidance
as much as possible of [help]

Generally the latter two methods require the use of antibiotics under the guidance of a Vet .
generally the latter two methods require the use of antibiotics under the [help] of a vet .

Seek immediate guidance on sick fish and treat quickly as recommended .
seek immediate [help] on sick fish and treat quickly as recommended .

Under the expert guidance of professional furniture restorer Graham Usher you will gain many practical skills on this three-day course including stripping , cleaning and refitting joints , replacing damaged wood and veneers , repairing detail and refitting joints , replacing damaged wood and veneers , repairing detail work , including locks and keys , and replacing leathers on desks and table tops .
under the expert [help] of professional furniture restorer graham usher you will gain many practical skills on this three-day course including stripping , cleaning and refitting joints , replacing damaged wood and veneers , repairing detail and refitting joints , replacing damaged wood and veneers , repairing detail work , including locks and keys , and replacing leathers on desks and table tops .

Bats use ultrasonics for their guidance system .
bats use ultrasonics for their [help] system .

The minster leads into the largely undisturbed Georgian town centre , which has taken on a new lease of life under the guidance of the local Civic Society .
the minster leads into the largely undisturbed georgian town centre , which has taken on a new lease of life under the [help] of the local civic society .

Another expert in the work on dietary fibre , Dr Martin Eastwood of Edinburgh 's Western General Hospital , has generously given his advice and guidance , and Joyce Hughes , who lectures in nutrition at Croydon College , has compiled the F-Plan calorie and fibre charts .
another expert in the work on dietary fibre , dr martin eastwood of edinburgh 's western general hospital , has generously given his advice and [help] , and joyce hughes , who lectures in nutrition at croydon college , has compiled the f-plan calorie and fibre charts .

In the next chapter you will find guidance on your own ideal daily calorie ration .
in the next chapter you will find [help] on your own ideal daily calorie ration .

Read Chapter 9 for guidance on your ideal dieting calorie total .
read chapter 9 for [help] on your ideal dieting calorie total .

( If you find it difficult to diet without enjoying a moderate amount of alcohol , refer to Chapter 11 for advice and guidance on how this can be made possible . )
( if you find it difficult to diet without enjoying a moderate amount of alcohol , refer to chapter 11 for advice and [help] on how this can be made possible . )

He had played flanker for his club , Glasgow High-Kelvinside , and no.8 for Glasgow Under-21s , but had become thoroughly established as a lock , the position he played in at Kelvinside Academy in Glasgow , where he benefited from the guidance of the school coach , Peter Billington , for Scottish Schools against Ireland and England in 1985 , for his senior clubs side and for Glasgow at senior district level .
he had played flanker for his club , glasgow high-kelvinside , and no.8 for glasgow under-21s , but had become thoroughly established as a lock , the position he played in at kelvinside academy in glasgow , where he benefited from the [help] of the school coach , peter billington , for scottish schools against ireland and england in 1985 , for his senior clubs side and for glasgow at senior district level .

Life without ‘ Geech ’ , as he is affectionately known , is incomprehensible to many of a squad who have risen to world prominence as a direct result of his guidance .
life without ‘ geech ’ , as he is affectionately known , is incomprehensible to many of a squad who have risen to world prominence as a direct result of his [help] .

The Aussies , under the guidance of Andy Slack ( ‘ out best entertainment has nothing at all to do with rugby ’ ) quickly got to grips with their imported beer after the disappointment of losing to a late Welsh try in one of the opening games .
the aussies , under the [help] of andy slack ( ‘ out best entertainment has nothing at all to do with rugby ’ ) quickly got to grips with their imported beer after the disappointment of losing to a late welsh try in one of the opening games .

Just for once , the headstrong Duchess who had so often flouted royal convention was asking for help and guidance .
just for once , the headstrong duchess who had so often flouted royal convention was asking for help and [help] .

RoSPA are trying to get supermarkets to change the design of their trolleys , and to give clear guidance to customers .
rospa are trying to get supermarkets to change the design of their trolleys , and to give clear [help] to customers .

Yet for all this newfound hostility to the most lickspittle Press in the ‘ free ’ world , what did Dave Mellor do on his first day out of the Cabinet ? Nip down to the Marriage Guidance Council ? Play Subbuteo with the kids ?
yet for all this newfound hostility to the most lickspittle press in the ‘ free ’ world , what did dave mellor do on his first day out of the cabinet ? nip down to the marriage [help] council ? play subbuteo with the kids ?

The lack of one central source of information and guidance on the provision of programmes , and on the process of re-entry , can make attempts to return something of an exercise of faith and perseverance .
the lack of one central source of information and [help] on the provision of programmes , and on the process of re-entry , can make attempts to return something of an exercise of faith and perseverance .

If you should decide to accept a place on a course , do not rush out to buy textbooks until you have finished reading this book , and guidance on returning to learning in particular .
if you should decide to accept a place on a course , do not rush out to buy textbooks until you have finished reading this book , and [help] on returning to learning in particular .

Make notes on those areas where you feel you need guidance and help , and resolve to seek out that help as soon as possible .
make notes on those areas where you feel you need [help] and help , and resolve to seek out that help as soon as possible .

If you do intend to follow your own programme see whether you can find a ‘ mentor ’ or other suitable person to whom you can go for encouragement and guidance when you need to , rather than attempting to battle it out on your own .
if you do intend to follow your own programme see whether you can find a ‘ mentor ’ or other suitable person to whom you can go for encouragement and [help] when you need to , rather than attempting to battle it out on your own .

You will probably appreciate some guidance and direction early on in your reading , and for this reason chapter 7 provides bibliographies which are intended to give you a flavour of current methods and ideas .
you will probably appreciate some [help] and direction early on in your reading , and for this reason chapter 7 provides bibliographies which are intended to give you a flavour of current methods and ideas .

There is , as yet , no system in operation which allows your competence to be assessed to a national standard , and it will be left to the discretion of your service manager , and course tutors if you have undertaken a back to nursing course , to decide whether you are ready to return , or what additional guidance or preparation you may need to bring you up to the required standard .
there is , as yet , no system in operation which allows your competence to be assessed to a national standard , and it will be left to the discretion of your service manager , and course tutors if you have undertaken a back to nursing course , to decide whether you are ready to return , or what additional [help] or preparation you may need to bring you up to the required standard .

Guidance on measures to ensure a safe environment , and issues related to health and safety at work .
[help] on measures to ensure a safe environment , and issues related to health and safety at work .

The Prime Minister said : ‘ His decision not to refer the matter to the then-Prime Minister ( Mrs Thatcher ) was entirely consistent with the guidance . ’
the prime minister said : ‘ his decision not to refer the matter to the then-prime minister ( mrs thatcher ) was entirely consistent with the [help] . ’

Zelda West-Meads , of the marriage guidance organisation Relate , said : ‘ Thousands of couples are leading separate lives under the same roof because the slump stops them divorcing .
zelda west-meads , of the marriage [help] organisation relate , said : ‘ thousands of couples are leading separate lives under the same roof because the slump stops them divorcing .

They were handed to her at Blackpool , where a royal aide gave the go-ahead for marriage guidance workers to present the fish .
they were handed to her at blackpool , where a royal aide gave the go-ahead for marriage [help] workers to present the fish .

The Queen for her own part will have to face up to the fact that , however perfect her public role , she has dismally failed in private to give her children the guidance they needed for stable marriages .
the queen for her own part will have to face up to the fact that , however perfect her public role , she has dismally failed in private to give her children the [help] they needed for stable marriages .

Since returning from New Zealand the Irish squad has been working on fitness programmes under the guidance of Dr. John Kirwan , who heads the national training centre at Thomond College in Limerick .
since returning from new zealand the irish squad has been working on fitness programmes under the [help] of dr. john kirwan , who heads the national training centre at thomond college in limerick .

‘ In other words he has been taken in by all this ‘ financial advice ’ and guidance .
‘ in other words he has been taken in by all this ‘ financial advice ’ and [help] .

After all , Bryan has been a funny kind of marriage guidance counsellor .
after all , bryan has been a funny kind of marriage [help] counsellor .

Discussion with other members of the group can prove most helpful in identifying areas where conflict may arise and thus provide guidance in handling such situations .
discussion with other members of the group can prove most helpful in identifying areas where conflict may arise and thus provide [help] in handling such situations .

Further , he suggested that the principle of the exemption of the civilian population from being an intentional object of warfare had been so whittled down during the Second World War and in post-1945 treaties as to cease to offer reliable guidance except in the most unambiguous circumstances .
further , he suggested that the principle of the exemption of the civilian population from being an intentional object of warfare had been so whittled down during the second world war and in post-1945 treaties as to cease to offer reliable [help] except in the most unambiguous circumstances .

It may even be that the indiscriminacy of some of the air operations in the Second World War will come to be seen as something of a historical aberration , and a mere temporary consequence of the undeveloped state of the arts of target acquisition and guidance .
it may even be that the indiscriminacy of some of the air operations in the second world war will come to be seen as something of a historical aberration , and a mere temporary consequence of the undeveloped state of the arts of target acquisition and [help] .

But such theories are parasitic on an implicit understanding that law is a type of instrument adapted to specific important purposes , and such theories are of little guidance in thinking through the role of international law in controlling force for they can suggest no more than a mimicking of the institutions of municipal law without regard to the purposes of having such or similar institutions in the international context .
but such theories are parasitic on an implicit understanding that law is a type of instrument adapted to specific important purposes , and such theories are of little [help] in thinking through the role of international law in controlling force for they can suggest no more than a mimicking of the institutions of municipal law without regard to the purposes of having such or similar institutions in the international context .

We would do well today to see that times to remember are consciously worked into the pattern of our lives . Do you take stock at the end of a day , a week or a year ? Do you keep some record of God 's goodness to help you commemorate and celebrate ? Not necessarily a diary , but perhaps a note of particular answers to prayer , special acts of guidance , amazing experiences of provision ? Do you fully enter into festivals and services for remembering — the Lord 's Supper , Harvest Festival , New Year 's Eve ? Do you pause from time to time to thank God for the hundred and one tiny joys that make up each day ?
we would do well today to see that times to remember are consciously worked into the pattern of our lives . do you take stock at the end of a day , a week or a year ? do you keep some record of god 's goodness to help you commemorate and celebrate ? not necessarily a diary , but perhaps a note of particular answers to prayer , special acts of [help] , amazing experiences of provision ? do you fully enter into festivals and services for remembering — the lord 's supper , harvest festival , new year 's eve ? do you pause from time to time to thank god for the hundred and one tiny joys that make up each day ?

They can be studied at home and if you feel you need clarification on any of the points in them , the Enquiry Clerk in the same office is available to answer questions and give guidance .
they can be studied at home and if you feel you need clarification on any of the points in them , the enquiry clerk in the same office is available to answer questions and give [help] .

The people taking part commit themselves to half an hour of scripture based prayer each day and a half hour meeting with a ‘ Prayer Guide ’ each evening when they receive personal guidance .
the people taking part commit themselves to half an hour of scripture based prayer each day and a half hour meeting with a ‘ prayer guide ’ each evening when they receive personal [help] .

• We 've no plans to introduce a programming section , but for those who seek guidance in their struggle against technical foes , Professor Brian Strain will be here from next month on to sharpen your axe .
• we 've no plans to introduce a programming section , but for those who seek [help] in their struggle against technical foes , professor brian strain will be here from next month on to sharpen your axe .

Even if sympathy was n't forthcoming , she had hoped at least for a little guidance , some clue as to where she had fallen short , or advice for the future .
even if sympathy was n't forthcoming , she had hoped at least for a little [help] , some clue as to where she had fallen short , or advice for the future .

She had to make a decision soon , and there was nowhere she could turn to for guidance .
she had to make a decision soon , and there was nowhere she could turn to for [help] .

Alec said that for him the daily instruction from the word of God in one 's quiet time was the place where , over a period of weeks , we should receive guidance from God .
alec said that for him the daily instruction from the word of god in one 's quiet time was the place where , over a period of weeks , we should receive [help] from god .

This has made it possible to set goals for growth , under the guidance of the Holy Spirit , and to hit them .
this has made it possible to set goals for growth , under the [help] of the holy spirit , and to hit them .

By August 1986 , some 195 30 km/h zones had been created , encouraged by Government publicity and guidance to local authorities on design principles .
by august 1986 , some 195 30 km/h zones had been created , encouraged by government publicity and [help] to local authorities on design principles .

To propose that individual cases should be treated on their merit is not particularly helpful if there is no guidance as to what a merit is .
to propose that individual cases should be treated on their merit is not particularly helpful if there is no [help] as to what a merit is .

The issue of cost was to be tackled head-on in this research programme , so that guidance could be offered on the cost-effectiveness of a variety of approaches to a variety of local circumstances . As Döldissen summarised ,
the issue of cost was to be tackled head-on in this research programme , so that [help] could be offered on the cost-effectiveness of a variety of approaches to a variety of local circumstances . as döldissen summarised ,

The principal objective of the campaign is to encourage walking by the promotion of demonstration pedestrian priority projects , which would act as models of good practice and thus provide guidance to local authorities and , metaphorically , a rallying point for pedestrians .
the principal objective of the campaign is to encourage walking by the promotion of demonstration pedestrian priority projects , which would act as models of good practice and thus provide [help] to local authorities and , metaphorically , a rallying point for pedestrians .

The paper was seen as constituting ‘ guidance for local education authorities ’ and the ministers proposed to inform themselves in due course about the action taken by LEAs with regard to that guidance .
the paper was seen as constituting ‘ [help] for local education authorities ’ and the ministers proposed to inform themselves in due course about the action taken by leas with regard to that [help] .

This kind of guidance places excessive faith in professional intuition .
this kind of [help] places excessive faith in professional intuition .

Loneliness and the absence of advice , guidance and support often lead to them striking up friendships with others in the same situation which can offer peer-group support or may increase risks of involvement in prostitution , drugs or solvent abuse .
loneliness and the absence of advice , [help] and support often lead to them striking up friendships with others in the same situation which can offer peer-group support or may increase risks of involvement in prostitution , drugs or solvent abuse .

This guidance should exclude from surgery most children whose effusions will resolve quickly .
this [help] should exclude from surgery most children whose effusions will resolve quickly .

In simplified terms , this guidance calls for the following parameters : .
in simplified terms , this [help] calls for the following parameters : .

This guidance may appear to be rather imprecise but one particular application of it has resulted in the following list of parameters in two different groups .
this [help] may appear to be rather imprecise but one particular application of it has resulted in the following list of parameters in two different groups .

Combined with our 450 local departure points , unique airport check-in service and expert guidance while on tour , you will not get better value for money .
combined with our 450 local departure points , unique airport check-in service and expert [help] while on tour , you will not get better value for money .

Why we are helping the explosion of small business by assisting black entrepreneurs with training , guidance and substantial contracts .
why we are helping the explosion of small business by assisting black entrepreneurs with training , [help] and substantial contracts .

And , every month , we send members the free Children 's Book of the Month Club magazine . You 'll find it full of useful descriptions , information and guidance on a whole range of books …
and , every month , we send members the free children 's book of the month club magazine . you 'll find it full of useful descriptions , information and [help] on a whole range of books …

‘ Many people who are just beginning to trace their family tree need help and guidance about what is available and how to understand and interpret the documents , ’ said Janet Smith , principal archivist in charge of public services .
‘ many people who are just beginning to trace their family tree need help and [help] about what is available and how to understand and interpret the documents , ’ said janet smith , principal archivist in charge of public services .

In June , the bishops are due to meet again and are likely to publish more detailed guidance on the new arrangements .
in june , the bishops are due to meet again and are likely to publish more detailed [help] on the new arrangements .

It has often been pointed out that in less developed societies , old people were seen as the repository of wisdom needed for daily living as well as for spiritual guidance .
it has often been pointed out that in less developed societies , old people were seen as the repository of wisdom needed for daily living as well as for spiritual [help] .

What then of emotional , even spiritual guidance ?
what then of emotional , even spiritual [help] ?

The protection of children has been the subject of important detailed legislation and much guidance from central government .
the protection of children has been the subject of important detailed legislation and much [help] from central government .

53 voluntary local trainers traversed the country , covering a total of 220 groups , giving guidance in letter writings , lobbying , and running meetings ;
53 voluntary local trainers traversed the country , covering a total of 220 groups , giving [help] in letter writings , lobbying , and running meetings ;

Godwin also offered guidance on moral problems ; we must always look to the general good , calculate the consequences of the courses of action open to us , and arrive at an unbiased decision .
godwin also offered [help] on moral problems ; we must always look to the general good , calculate the consequences of the courses of action open to us , and arrive at an unbiased decision .

The theme of The Prelude is the growth of the individual mind under the guidance of the Mind of external Nature . The Babe is
the theme of the prelude is the growth of the individual mind under the [help] of the mind of external nature . the babe is

The Health and Safety Commission has released new guidance on lifting patients amid criticisms that previous guidance was not enforced .
the health and safety commission has released new [help] on lifting patients amid criticisms that previous [help] was not enforced .

Elizabeth Gyngell , chairwoman of the Health Services Advisory Committee that drew it up said : ‘ The guidance reflects the widely held view that injuries are largely preventable .
elizabeth gyngell , chairwoman of the health services advisory committee that drew it up said : ‘ the [help] reflects the widely held view that injuries are largely preventable .

The involvement of senior nurses from the health authority has enabled the trained staff in nursing homes to identify and articulate their training needs , and guidance is being provided in many areas of practice — for example , care planning , continence management and communication skills .
the involvement of senior nurses from the health authority has enabled the trained staff in nursing homes to identify and articulate their training needs , and [help] is being provided in many areas of practice — for example , care planning , continence management and communication skills .

We can also tap into inner wisdom and guidance , and discover our higher purpose .
we can also tap into inner wisdom and [help] , and discover our higher purpose .

Part Two provides step-by-step guidance on how to apply metaphysics to your everyday life : how to process your beliefs and thoughts , how to use affirmations , how to programme your future , how to ‘ listen to the whispers ’ that can guide you , how to recognise your payoffs and hidden agendas , how to heal your inner child , how to handle your emotions , how to awaken to your higher purpose , and how to work with unseen friends .
part two provides step-by-step [help] on how to apply metaphysics to your everyday life : how to process your beliefs and thoughts , how to use affirmations , how to programme your future , how to ‘ listen to the whispers ’ that can guide you , how to recognise your payoffs and hidden agendas , how to heal your inner child , how to handle your emotions , how to awaken to your higher purpose , and how to work with unseen friends .

Meditating regularly is probably the simplest way of expanding your consciousness , finding inner peace , and tuning into your higher guidance .
meditating regularly is probably the simplest way of expanding your consciousness , finding inner peace , and tuning into your higher [help] .

Are you ‘ short-changing yourself by eating junk food , when your inner guidance keeps whispering that you should eat a healthy diet ?
are you ‘ short-changing yourself by eating junk food , when your inner [help] keeps whispering that you should eat a healthy diet ?

Everyday events constantly mirror our inner world , offer guidance , or provide opportunities to develop personal qualities , skills and talents .
everyday events constantly mirror our inner world , offer [help] , or provide opportunities to develop personal qualities , skills and talents .

‘ Whispers ’ frequently offer practical guidance in our career , relationships and other aspects of life .
‘ whispers ’ frequently offer practical [help] in our career , relationships and other aspects of life .

Was it guidance from your Higher Self ?
was it [help] from your higher self ?

Since we have a vast number of probable futures open to us , we need some form of inner guidance — otherwise we would be in a constant state of indecision .
since we have a vast number of probable futures open to us , we need some form of inner [help] — otherwise we would be in a constant state of indecision .

This guidance often comes in the form of impulses to do this or that — to write to a friend , to read a certain book , to meditate , to go to a meeting , to buy some flowers , to sign up for an evening class .
this [help] often comes in the form of impulses to do this or that — to write to a friend , to read a certain book , to meditate , to go to a meeting , to buy some flowers , to sign up for an evening class .

But if you honestly ask for guidance — and are not simply giving your power away , asking for a decision to be made for you — then the reply will invariably be wise and appropriate . )
but if you honestly ask for [help] — and are not simply giving your power away , asking for a decision to be made for you — then the reply will invariably be wise and appropriate . )

Dreams , of course , are a rich source of inspiration and guidance , as well as excellent training in thinking in metaphor .
dreams , of course , are a rich source of inspiration and [help] , as well as excellent training in thinking in metaphor .

One is ‘ Effective Intervention : Child Abuse Guidance on Co-operation in Scotland ’ .
one is ‘ effective intervention : child abuse [help] on co-operation in scotland ’ .

For the two older children , both pupils at Kirkwall Grammar School , the same sort of ‘ pen portraits ’ were supplied by guidance staff , and were also considered by the parents to be woefully inadequate .
for the two older children , both pupils at kirkwall grammar school , the same sort of ‘ pen portraits ’ were supplied by [help] staff , and were also considered by the parents to be woefully inadequate .

The presbytery asked members of the church to note that the South Ronaldsay Parents ' Action Committee had set up a fund for legal aid to which they might like to contribute , and they asked their Social Matters Committee to look into the question of guidance to ministers in cases involving the Social Work Department .
the presbytery asked members of the church to note that the south ronaldsay parents ' action committee had set up a fund for legal aid to which they might like to contribute , and they asked their social matters committee to look into the question of [help] to ministers in cases involving the social work department .

Mr Gilbert said the department had received guidance from the Scottish Office , and had access to guidelines used by other local authorities .
mr gilbert said the department had received [help] from the scottish office , and had access to guidelines used by other local authorities .

It says ‘ Spiritual Guidance Advised — Explicit Concepts ’ .
it says ‘ spiritual [help] advised — explicit concepts ’ .

In the event , Ramsay himself made the most useful contributions to the debate , with the young Steward and Moray backing him , the Regent out of his depth and almost pathetically grateful for any guidance he could get .
in the event , ramsay himself made the most useful contributions to the debate , with the young steward and moray backing him , the regent out of his depth and almost pathetically grateful for any [help] he could get .

That is why mystics in all religious traditions insist that this journey must not be undertaken without the close guidance of an expert .
that is why mystics in all religious traditions insist that this journey must not be undertaken without the close [help] of an expert .

In the others , whether we consider them as earlier or later , we are left with far less guidance .
in the others , whether we consider them as earlier or later , we are left with far less [help] .

through thy grace — insight , conviction , guidance ,
through thy grace — insight , conviction , [help] ,

There are positive implications for the providers of well organized clubs offering guidance and instruction at varying levels .
there are positive implications for the providers of well organized clubs offering [help] and instruction at varying levels .

The national curriculum guidance which has been issued at the time of writing on the two core subjects of mathematics and science shows a welcome emphasis on statements of attainment rather than testing .
the national curriculum [help] which has been issued at the time of writing on the two core subjects of mathematics and science shows a welcome emphasis on statements of attainment rather than testing .

Governors will , therefore , depend heavily upon the guidance and information which can be provided for them within the school .
governors will , therefore , depend heavily upon the [help] and information which can be provided for them within the school .

The educational role usually amounted to freeing the teacher from mundane classroom activities or carrying out instruction under the teacher 's guidance , whereas the para-professional role involved helping with physiotherapy and speech therapy exercises .
the educational role usually amounted to freeing the teacher from mundane classroom activities or carrying out instruction under the teacher 's [help] , whereas the para-professional role involved helping with physiotherapy and speech therapy exercises .

Broadly speaking , it is easier to obtain funding for explanatory research that seems to provide guidance to policy-makers than for purely academic research , and for research that is statistically based than for research that is more qualitative in its approach .
broadly speaking , it is easier to obtain funding for explanatory research that seems to provide [help] to policy-makers than for purely academic research , and for research that is statistically based than for research that is more qualitative in its approach .

( See also Mann 1985 and Bell 1987 for more detailed guidance on the evaluation of documents . )
( see also mann 1985 and bell 1987 for more detailed [help] on the evaluation of documents . )

She prayed steadily , all those seventeen years , for guidance , for confirmation that she was still fulfilling divine purpose , and was only interrupted at last by her mother 's voice , demanding in a querulous letter that Isobel should come home and nurse her while she died — as she had been told she soon would — of cancer .
she prayed steadily , all those seventeen years , for [help] , for confirmation that she was still fulfilling divine purpose , and was only interrupted at last by her mother 's voice , demanding in a querulous letter that isobel should come home and nurse her while she died — as she had been told she soon would — of cancer .

The two very different sets of recommendations discussed above offer some guidance for the development of a more appropriate and contemporary media theory .
the two very different sets of recommendations discussed above offer some [help] for the development of a more appropriate and contemporary media theory .

The principle of altruism underpins the code of ethics and practice which provide regulatory guidance .
the principle of altruism underpins the code of ethics and practice which provide regulatory [help] .

This guidance is , of course , not available in smooth-brained animals like rats and mice , and in these it is extremely difficult to make accurate cortical removals .
this [help] is , of course , not available in smooth-brained animals like rats and mice , and in these it is extremely difficult to make accurate cortical removals .

The test results for each stove are for guidance only and are not intended for direct comparison .
the test results for each stove are for [help] only and are not intended for direct comparison .

At this point , planning provided little guidance to what would follow ; the difficulties of extemporizing new manoeuvres were enormous and helped to reinforce the prevailing view that the overriding aim must be an early victory obtained essentially by good initial deployment .
at this point , planning provided little [help] to what would follow ; the difficulties of extemporizing new manoeuvres were enormous and helped to reinforce the prevailing view that the overriding aim must be an early victory obtained essentially by good initial deployment .

Whilst it is no doubt true that the heaviness of early Soviet ICBMs and the ‘ dirtiness ’ of their warheads stemmed from crude propulsion and guidance systems , all that matters is that they accomplished what they were designed to .
whilst it is no doubt true that the heaviness of early soviet icbms and the ‘ dirtiness ’ of their warheads stemmed from crude propulsion and [help] systems , all that matters is that they accomplished what they were designed to .

If they survived , why , Jaq must then go to Earth to seek an audience with the Master of Mankind to ask for guidance .
if they survived , why , jaq must then go to earth to seek an audience with the master of mankind to ask for [help] .

Hard cases test the ‘ rules of recognition ’ and , in the absence of explicit guidance , impossible for every contingency , judgements are made on the basis of prevailing feelings about ‘ justice or fairness or some other dimension of morality ’ ( 1977 : 22 ) .
hard cases test the ‘ rules of recognition ’ and , in the absence of explicit [help] , impossible for every contingency , judgements are made on the basis of prevailing feelings about ‘ justice or fairness or some other dimension of morality ’ ( 1977 : 22 ) .

Instructor groups — The maximum group size under the guidance of a qualified instructor should be 120 .
instructor groups — the maximum group size under the [help] of a qualified instructor should be 120 .

Parents can benefit from some guidance in persevering with the ignoring method and in recognizing the differences in their child 's behaviour .
parents can benefit from some [help] in persevering with the ignoring method and in recognizing the differences in their child 's behaviour .

These parents require extensive support , guidance , and help in learning what to do .
these parents require extensive support , [help] , and help in learning what to do .

Some parents are very unsure about how to start toilet training their child and need guidance in the early stages .
some parents are very unsure about how to start toilet training their child and need [help] in the early stages .

Child guidance workers
child [help] workers

Pages headed Handout are intended primarily for use when the course is being completed by groups of students under the guidance of an instructor or course leader .
pages headed handout are intended primarily for use when the course is being completed by groups of students under the [help] of an instructor or course leader .

Refer the family to … ( social services , child guidance , child psychiatric service etc ) .
refer the family to … ( social services , child [help] , child psychiatric service etc ) .

Refer the parents for marriage guidance counselling .
refer the parents for marriage [help] counselling .

Stefan was nearly 4 years old when his desperate mother referred herself to the child guidance centre .
stefan was nearly 4 years old when his desperate mother referred herself to the child [help] centre .

Restraint and guidance
restraint and [help]

The technique of guidance is often used by parents when a child refuses to comply with a request or instruction . For example :
the technique of [help] is often used by parents when a child refuses to comply with a request or instruction . for example :

This form of guidance may be used where any instruction involving movement is refused ; not tidying up is an obvious one , and failing to put on clothes , replacing knocked over objects are all suitable for the guidance of a child 's limb to complete the instructed task .
this form of [help] may be used where any instruction involving movement is refused ; not tidying up is an obvious one , and failing to put on clothes , replacing knocked over objects are all suitable for the [help] of a child 's limb to complete the instructed task .

Why does guidance act as a punisher since a child may enjoy the contact it brings ?
why does [help] act as a punisher since a child may enjoy the contact it brings ?

Again , the answer lies in the firm sharp warning but take notice of the difference in the warning given before guidance starts and those warnings given before the other methods are used .
again , the answer lies in the firm sharp warning but take notice of the difference in the warning given before [help] starts and those warnings given before the other methods are used .

This is necessary in order that the child associates the guidance with the instruction .
this is necessary in order that the child associates the [help] with the instruction .

We do not want the child to rely on guidance for all instructions indiscriminately .
we do not want the child to rely on [help] for all instructions indiscriminately .

The trainees ' responses , with guidance , may provide enough sound material for discussion as long as they cover the main points of the text .
the trainees ' responses , with [help] , may provide enough sound material for discussion as long as they cover the main points of the text .

The intervention finally used employed the response competition methodology supported by contingent reinforcement as reward and guidance and time out as punishment .
the intervention finally used employed the response competition methodology supported by contingent reinforcement as reward and [help] and time out as punishment .

Trainees will probably need a lot of guidance in completing the exercise in Handout 14 both because they are doing it without the benefit of parents and in order to keep their CBs both objective and closely related to the PBs .
trainees will probably need a lot of [help] in completing the exercise in handout 14 both because they are doing it without the benefit of parents and in order to keep their cbs both objective and closely related to the pbs .

This was chiefly because Mr Jones was absorbed with what he had read about ‘ problem children ’ being in desperate need of love and attention and at first all he wanted was professional guidance on how to give it more effectively .
this was chiefly because mr jones was absorbed with what he had read about ‘ problem children ’ being in desperate need of love and attention and at first all he wanted was professional [help] on how to give it more effectively .

In this case it may be by asking the child to pick up a toy , being ignored , then compelling him or her to pick it up by physical guidance then putting the child out of the room and leaving him when the inevitable tantrum occurs .
in this case it may be by asking the child to pick up a toy , being ignored , then compelling him or her to pick it up by physical [help] then putting the child out of the room and leaving him when the inevitable tantrum occurs .

To offer advice , guidance , a management framework and demonstrations .
to offer advice , [help] , a management framework and demonstrations .

It is the distance between the actual developmental level as determined by independent problem solving and the level of potential development as determined through problem solving under adult guidance or in collab-oration with more capable peers . ( Vygotsky 1978:86 )
it is the distance between the actual developmental level as determined by independent problem solving and the level of potential development as determined through problem solving under adult [help] or in collab-oration with more capable peers . ( vygotsky 1978:86 )

It is difficult to accept such guidance because often , in school , we are misled into thinking that fancy writing is good writing .
it is difficult to accept such [help] because often , in school , we are misled into thinking that fancy writing is good writing .

Thus , a story which for one reason had been meaningful to her as a young child provided guidance for her at adolescence for quite a different reason .
thus , a story which for one reason had been meaningful to her as a young child provided [help] for her at adolescence for quite a different reason .

To provide further guidance a Definition Table was created .
to provide further [help] a definition table was created .

Then under his guidance , the Demetrious signed the birth certificate as the baby 's parents .
then under his [help] , the demetrious signed the birth certificate as the baby 's parents .

In order to counter concern about the lack of guidance for nationalised industries , there were two government White Papers during the 1960s , which attempted to produce financial targets for nationalised industries and , at the same time , guidelines for pricing and investment decisions .
in order to counter concern about the lack of [help] for nationalised industries , there were two government white papers during the 1960s , which attempted to produce financial targets for nationalised industries and , at the same time , guidelines for pricing and investment decisions .

Souness could use divine guidance
souness could use divine [help]

That is something we have chatted about and given him guidance on .
that is something we have chatted about and given him [help] on .

It 's small wonder that people no longer look to the Church for guidance when the arguing within the very organisation which preaches love and tolerance is tearing it apart .
it 's small wonder that people no longer look to the church for [help] when the arguing within the very organisation which preaches love and tolerance is tearing it apart .

‘ Once given this information and guidance on how to drink more safely , many people manage to cut down without needing special treatment or counselling ’ ( Alcohol Concern , 1987 ) .
‘ once given this information and [help] on how to drink more safely , many people manage to cut down without needing special treatment or counselling ’ ( alcohol concern , 1987 ) .

If they are wrong , then we are without guidance and they may leave us , which would be catastrophic .
if they are wrong , then we are without [help] and they may leave us , which would be catastrophic .

Marriage guidance counselling can help you to examine the history of your relationship .
marriage [help] counselling can help you to examine the history of your relationship .

This can be useful for self-awareness and offer guidance for skills development .
this can be useful for self-awareness and offer [help] for skills development .

So was it a controversial and scintillating read under his guidance ?
so was it a controversial and scintillating read under his [help] ?

Her own increasingly obvious troubles fuel her interest in the marriage guidance group Relate , of which she is a patron .
her own increasingly obvious troubles fuel her interest in the marriage [help] group relate , of which she is a patron .

Francis has got to try to get Hirst back to business quickly , and the player himself should realise that this dream of glory can become reality under the guidance of Francis .
francis has got to try to get hirst back to business quickly , and the player himself should realise that this dream of glory can become reality under the [help] of francis .

But the former Wednesday striker seems to have misinterpreted tactical guidance .
but the former wednesday striker seems to have misinterpreted tactical [help] .

While the Law Society confirmed that the service had been cleared by its Standards and Guidance Committee in 1990 , a spokeswoman was quick to point out that they had not endorsed the company in any way .
while the law society confirmed that the service had been cleared by its standards and [help] committee in 1990 , a spokeswoman was quick to point out that they had not endorsed the company in any way .

The notices give general information on particular aspects of the tax , while leaflets provide more specialised guidance for specific trades or on the liability of certain supplies .
the notices give general information on particular aspects of the tax , while leaflets provide more specialised [help] for specific trades or on the liability of certain supplies .

In commenting to its members on the distinction between fixed and current financial assets , the Building Societies Association has undertaken to consider guidance on the criteria they should apply .
in commenting to its members on the distinction between fixed and current financial assets , the building societies association has undertaken to consider [help] on the criteria they should apply .

The guidance , when it appears , should make interesting reading .
the [help] , when it appears , should make interesting reading .

Stamp duty reduction guidance
stamp duty reduction [help]

The Stamp Office has issued a guidance note on which documents can benefit from the temporary higher threshold for stamp duty , where the documents are signed on or before 19 August , but relate to a sale that may not be completed until 20 August or later ( p 117 ) .
the stamp office has issued a [help] note on which documents can benefit from the temporary higher threshold for stamp duty , where the documents are signed on or before 19 august , but relate to a sale that may not be completed until 20 august or later ( p 117 ) .

The fact that a practitioner has a copy of the Blue Book ( which contains the Institute 's regulations and guidance notes on investment business ) on his shelf does not necessarily mean that he has read and understood it , and in some firms the Institute 's Investment Business Gazettes ( which announce changes to regulations and other requirements , and provide a general round-up of developments likely to affect authorised firms ) are filed away unread if they are kept at all .
the fact that a practitioner has a copy of the blue book ( which contains the institute 's regulations and [help] notes on investment business ) on his shelf does not necessarily mean that he has read and understood it , and in some firms the institute 's investment business gazettes ( which announce changes to regulations and other requirements , and provide a general round-up of developments likely to affect authorised firms ) are filed away unread if they are kept at all .

While it is fair to say that the regulations in the Blue Book are complex to read and interpret , the guidance notes are eminently readable and practical .
while it is fair to say that the regulations in the blue book are complex to read and interpret , the [help] notes are eminently readable and practical .

In the light of the above comments , can some guidance be given with regard to the use of audit marks or audit stamps and whether their use is current best practice ?
in the light of the above comments , can some [help] be given with regard to the use of audit marks or audit stamps and whether their use is current best practice ?

It gives guidance on the identification , measurement and prioritisation of business risks , alternative processes and procedures , documentation and communication , and implementation and testing .
it gives [help] on the identification , measurement and prioritisation of business risks , alternative processes and procedures , documentation and communication , and implementation and testing .

New insolvency guidance notes
new insolvency [help] notes

The Institute and the Society of Practitioners of Insolvency have published three new guidance notes , dealing with disqualification of directors , employees ' non-preferential claims and directors ' claims as employees .
the institute and the society of practitioners of insolvency have published three new [help] notes , dealing with disqualification of directors , employees ' non-preferential claims and directors ' claims as employees .

The second , Non-preferential Claims by Employees Dismissed without Proper Notice by Insolvent Employers , gives guidance on those factors that should be taken into account in calculating employees ' claims under the Employment Protection ( Consolidation ) Act 1978 .
the second , non-preferential claims by employees dismissed without proper notice by insolvent employers , gives [help] on those factors that should be taken into account in calculating employees ' claims under the employment protection ( consolidation ) act 1978 .

Their purpose is to provide auditors with timely guidance on new or emerging issues , and to explain the interpretation and application of auditing standards .
their purpose is to provide auditors with timely [help] on new or emerging issues , and to explain the interpretation and application of auditing standards .

The first draft provides guidance on the auditor 's responsibilities relating to the audit of figures from preceding periods which are required to be included in , and therefore form part of , the current financial statements .
the first draft provides [help] on the auditor 's responsibilities relating to the audit of figures from preceding periods which are required to be included in , and therefore form part of , the current financial statements .

Issues discussed include general and reporting guidance for both the continuing auditor ( who audited and reported on the previous financial statements ) and the incoming auditor ( where the previous financial statements were either audited by another auditor or not audited at all ) .
issues discussed include general and reporting [help] for both the continuing auditor ( who audited and reported on the previous financial statements ) and the incoming auditor ( where the previous financial statements were either audited by another auditor or not audited at all ) .

Guidance is also proposed for situations in which the predecessor auditor 's report is to be re-issued .
[help] is also proposed for situations in which the predecessor auditor 's report is to be re-issued .

Guidance for housebuilders
[help] for housebuilders

The guidance note will also be of interest to mortgage brokers and estate agents .
the [help] note will also be of interest to mortgage brokers and estate agents .

The Occupational Pensions Board has issued guidance on the information required from occupational pension schemes where they seek to reduce or eliminate statutory surpluses .
the occupational pensions board has issued [help] on the information required from occupational pension schemes where they seek to reduce or eliminate statutory surpluses .

The guidance must be read in conjunction with Memorandum 23 , which will be modified in due course .
the [help] must be read in conjunction with memorandum 23 , which will be modified in due course .

The Institute 's Tax Faculty has issued a guidance note on a company 's exposure to penalties on submitting a corporation tax Pay and File return containing estimated figures .
the institute 's tax faculty has issued a [help] note on a company 's exposure to penalties on submitting a corporation tax pay and file return containing estimated figures .

In response to the numbers of queries it has received , the Stamp Office has issued a guidance note on which documents can benefit from the higher threshold , in particular circumstances where the documents are signed on or before 19 August but relate to a sale which may not be completed until 20 August or later .
in response to the numbers of queries it has received , the stamp office has issued a [help] note on which documents can benefit from the higher threshold , in particular circumstances where the documents are signed on or before 19 august but relate to a sale which may not be completed until 20 august or later .

Judicial officials were given more guidance as to punishment than had been available previously , but a great deal of discretion remained .
judicial officials were given more [help] as to punishment than had been available previously , but a great deal of discretion remained .

Most would like to see the auditor 's period away from the audit in question extended from the proposed two years ( which , as Touche Ross says , ‘ could lead to this guidance being perceived as a cosmetic exercise ' ) , but can not agree over how long .
most would like to see the auditor 's period away from the audit in question extended from the proposed two years ( which , as touche ross says , ‘ could lead to this [help] being perceived as a cosmetic exercise ' ) , but can not agree over how long .

However , the experience so far , it concludes , is that firms are in the process of improving their procedures , and with guidance and a tightening of enforcement procedures , ‘ the existing regulatory arrangements will achieve a major and continuing improvement in standards ’ .
however , the experience so far , it concludes , is that firms are in the process of improving their procedures , and with [help] and a tightening of enforcement procedures , ‘ the existing regulatory arrangements will achieve a major and continuing improvement in standards ’ .

Even with existing technologies applications are emerging in areas as diverse as shopfloor guidance , document filing and building planning and management .
even with existing technologies applications are emerging in areas as diverse as shopfloor [help] , document filing and building planning and management .

Among the many items the Group offers are corporate health programmes designed to suit any company 's requirements , advice on incorporating fitness equipment , training programmes and seminars and guidance on the best software to buy to inform on exercise and nutrition matters .
among the many items the group offers are corporate health programmes designed to suit any company 's requirements , advice on incorporating fitness equipment , training programmes and seminars and [help] on the best software to buy to inform on exercise and nutrition matters .

The Equipment Guidance is one of the standard bearers of Adidas ' brave new world .
the equipment [help] is one of the standard bearers of adidas ' brave new world .

He reread Michelet 's L'amour et la femme , hoping for guidance , desperate to solve the burning problem that forever eluded him , the reality of being a woman .
he reread michelet 's l'amour et la femme , hoping for [help] , desperate to solve the burning problem that forever eluded him , the reality of being a woman .

They usually deal with the situation in one of two ways — they patronise you and try to take control on the assumption that you must need their guidance to do a decent job ; or they undermine you by making obscene remarks and deliberately causing problems .
they usually deal with the situation in one of two ways — they patronise you and try to take control on the assumption that you must need their [help] to do a decent job ; or they undermine you by making obscene remarks and deliberately causing problems .

The instruction book will probably devote its two principal sections to these , preceding them with guidance on how to prepare your machine for action .
the instruction book will probably devote its two principal sections to these , preceding them with [help] on how to prepare your machine for action .

The abstract gives guidance on the intrepretation of the statutory requirement to give particulars of any departure from the Companies Act 1985 accounting provisions in order to give a true and fair view , together with the reasons for any such departure and its effect .
the abstract gives [help] on the intrepretation of the statutory requirement to give particulars of any departure from the companies act 1985 accounting provisions in order to give a true and fair view , together with the reasons for any such departure and its effect .

As the guidance points out , ‘ there are occasions where objectivity may be threatened or appear to be threatened by the provision to an audit client of services other than the audit ’ .
as the [help] points out , ‘ there are occasions where objectivity may be threatened or appear to be threatened by the provision to an audit client of services other than the audit ’ .

The guidance , which does not apply to generic opinions relating to litigation , expert testimony and assistance provided to other firms and their clients jointly , also comes into operation on 1 February .
the [help] , which does not apply to generic opinions relating to litigation , expert testimony and assistance provided to other firms and their clients jointly , also comes into operation on 1 february .

Professional guidance has , perhaps of necessity , made no attempt to provide any form of quantification other than the requirement that the auditor should be reasonably satisfied that the going concern basis is appropriate .
professional [help] has , perhaps of necessity , made no attempt to provide any form of quantification other than the requirement that the auditor should be reasonably satisfied that the going concern basis is appropriate .

Guidance for derivatives markets
[help] for derivatives markets

The third proposes new guidance to consolidate and update existing guidance .
the third proposes new [help] to consolidate and update existing [help] .

The third paper , which consolidates and updates existing technical guidance , extends the requirement for outgoing auditors to provide the incoming auditors with full information on matters they should be aware of , to advisers involved in other forms of recurring work such as tax and accounting .
the third paper , which consolidates and updates existing technical [help] , extends the requirement for outgoing auditors to provide the incoming auditors with full information on matters they should be aware of , to advisers involved in other forms of recurring work such as tax and accounting .

Martyn Jones of Touche Ross stressed that there ‘ needs to be a practical framework created ’ to support the legislative requirements , and that auditors ‘ will have to look very carefully at the guidance ’ that emerges .
martyn jones of touche ross stressed that there ‘ needs to be a practical framework created ’ to support the legislative requirements , and that auditors ‘ will have to look very carefully at the [help] ’ that emerges .

Peter Smith of Coopers & Lybrand expressed some doubt about whether the necessary guidance was practicable yet , and therefore whether a statutory duty was appropriate .
peter smith of coopers & lybrand expressed some doubt about whether the necessary [help] was practicable yet , and therefore whether a statutory duty was appropriate .

But auditors will be looking carefully at the precise wording of the legislation and of the related guidance .
but auditors will be looking carefully at the precise wording of the legislation and of the related [help] .

The Treasury , which is responsible for the new insider dealing legislation , has promised to issue guidance notes on how it will be interpreted .
the treasury , which is responsible for the new insider dealing legislation , has promised to issue [help] notes on how it will be interpreted .

‘ If ever she needed spiritual and therapeutic guidance , it 's now . ’
‘ if ever she needed spiritual and therapeutic [help] , it 's now . ’

They are provided with guidance which enables them to take the initiative .
they are provided with [help] which enables them to take the initiative .

Application : Sample drills provided , selected from existing materials with reference to procedural guidance .
application : sample drills provided , selected from existing materials with reference to procedural [help] .

Formal education extends this process by providing guidance into different ways of conceiving of the world and different ways of conveying these concepts in modes of description , argument , and so on .
formal education extends this process by providing [help] into different ways of conceiving of the world and different ways of conveying these concepts in modes of description , argument , and so on .

Accounting records guidance
accounting records [help]

First , there must be a continuing and lively debate on ethical matters to ensure that ethical guidance is kept up-to-date .
first , there must be a continuing and lively debate on ethical matters to ensure that ethical [help] is kept up-to-date .

Representatives of outside organisations must be closely involved in that debate to help ensure that serious regard is paid to the long-term public interest when changes to ethical guidance are considered .
representatives of outside organisations must be closely involved in that debate to help ensure that serious regard is paid to the long-term public interest when changes to ethical [help] are considered .

Second , the guidance , when it is issued , can demonstrate a mandate from the public as well as the profession .
second , the [help] , when it is issued , can demonstrate a mandate from the public as well as the profession .

revision of the existing guidance on Changes in a Professional Appointment ;
revision of the existing [help] on changes in a professional appointment ;

jointly with the Institute 's Tax Faculty , guidance on the ethical aspects of taxation work .
jointly with the institute 's tax faculty , [help] on the ethical aspects of taxation work .

The Institute is currently drafting guidance for auditors on money-laundering .
the institute is currently drafting [help] for auditors on money-laundering .

‘ We were not experienced enough and we did not ask for , and were not given , enough help and guidance from NatWest .
‘ we were not experienced enough and we did not ask for , and were not given , enough help and [help] from natwest .

Smaller firms may not feel that some of the guidance is particularly relevant to them , eg : ‘ it is desirable that a second partner is appointed for each client ’ .
smaller firms may not feel that some of the [help] is particularly relevant to them , eg : ‘ it is desirable that a second partner is appointed for each client ’ .

Recent guidance , issued by the Institute 's Tax Faculty , offers some comfort ( see Tax 12/92 ) .
recent [help] , issued by the institute 's tax faculty , offers some comfort ( see tax 12/92 ) .

Going concern was one of the areas the Cadbury Committee considered , and it recommended that the accountancy profession , together with representatives of preparers of accounts , should develop guidance on the subject for both companies and auditors .
going concern was one of the areas the cadbury committee considered , and it recommended that the accountancy profession , together with representatives of preparers of accounts , should develop [help] on the subject for both companies and auditors .

Practice Note 1 is directed at auditors of businesses regulated under the Financial Services Act 1986 , and provides guidance on certain aspects of the conduct of those audit engagements .
practice note 1 is directed at auditors of businesses regulated under the financial services act 1986 , and provides [help] on certain aspects of the conduct of those audit engagements .

The guidance is persuasive rather than prescriptive and has a lower level of authority than statements of auditing standards .
the [help] is persuasive rather than prescriptive and has a lower level of authority than statements of auditing standards .

Section 1 gives guidance on the form and content of auditors ' annual reports and comments on the principal matters to be taken into account in framing those reports .
section 1 gives [help] on the form and content of auditors ' annual reports and comments on the principal matters to be taken into account in framing those reports .

Sections 2 and 3 reproduce guidance relating to the audit of investment businesses issued by the Board 's predecessor , the Auditing Practices Committee .
sections 2 and 3 reproduce [help] relating to the audit of investment businesses issued by the board 's predecessor , the auditing practices committee .

This consists of the Auditing Guideline , Communications between Auditors and Regulators under Sections 109 and 180 ( 1 ) ( q ) of the Financial Services Act 1986 , which was issued in July 1990 ; and Practice Note 3 , Client Assets — Guidance to Auditors of Investment Businesses , issued in December 1990 and which has been amended to reflect recent changes in the rules relating to client money following the issue of The Financial Services ( Client Money ) Regulations 1991 .
this consists of the auditing guideline , communications between auditors and regulators under sections 109 and 180 ( 1 ) ( q ) of the financial services act 1986 , which was issued in july 1990 ; and practice note 3 , client assets — [help] to auditors of investment businesses , issued in december 1990 and which has been amended to reflect recent changes in the rules relating to client money following the issue of the financial services ( client money ) regulations 1991 .

These documents are included with the new guidance in sections 1 and 4 , and have the same status .
these documents are included with the new [help] in sections 1 and 4 , and have the same status .

The practice note sets out the auditors ' reporting responsibilities and the contents of the auditors ' report in some detail , and provides some guidance on qualified reports .
the practice note sets out the auditors ' reporting responsibilities and the contents of the auditors ' report in some detail , and provides some [help] on qualified reports .

The second of the new areas covered provides guidance on the extent of auditors ' responsibilities in relation to an investment business 's compliance with those rules and regulations , for the conduct of investment business , which are not the subject of specific regular reporting by auditors .
the second of the new areas covered provides [help] on the extent of auditors ' responsibilities in relation to an investment business 's compliance with those rules and regulations , for the conduct of investment business , which are not the subject of specific regular reporting by auditors .

The note gives guidance on the enquiries that should be made about the investment business control environment , including the business 's higher level procedures for complying with the conduct of business rules .
the note gives [help] on the enquiries that should be made about the investment business control environment , including the business 's higher level procedures for complying with the conduct of business rules .

Law Society guidance to these amendment rules emphasises that the new requirements are not intended materially to increase the reporting accountant 's workload .
law society [help] to these amendment rules emphasises that the new requirements are not intended materially to increase the reporting accountant 's workload .

First of all the guidance states that the accountant 's test checks should be on a limited number of accounts and files relating to controlled trusts .
first of all the [help] states that the accountant 's test checks should be on a limited number of accounts and files relating to controlled trusts .

The guidance goes on to say that there is no obligation to check every controlled trust account , and that choosing which and how many is left to the accountant 's discretion .
the [help] goes on to say that there is no obligation to check every controlled trust account , and that choosing which and how many is left to the accountant 's discretion .

The guidance recognises that if an accountant ( not necessarily the reporting accountant ) is already involved in the management of a trust , and if trust accounts are prepared annually , then that may influence whether or not a test is done on that trust .
the [help] recognises that if an accountant ( not necessarily the reporting accountant ) is already involved in the management of a trust , and if trust accounts are prepared annually , then that may influence whether or not a test is done on that trust .

The guidance advises the accountant that test checks on a suitable number of controlled trust accounts may make possible a corresponding decrease in the number of checks in respect of other accounts .
the [help] advises the accountant that test checks on a suitable number of controlled trust accounts may make possible a corresponding decrease in the number of checks in respect of other accounts .

The guidance also states that , in many cases , the information a solicitor must retain may be satisfied by bank statements and pass books if these are sufficient to explain movements on the accounts .
the [help] also states that , in many cases , the information a solicitor must retain may be satisfied by bank statements and pass books if these are sufficient to explain movements on the accounts .

The Institute published guidance ( no longer extant ) on the need to state clearly the addressees of reports , the purposes for which they had been prepared and to exclude purposes for which reports were not intended .
the institute published [help] ( no longer extant ) on the need to state clearly the addressees of reports , the purposes for which they had been prepared and to exclude purposes for which reports were not intended .

The second change is the introduction , as guidance only , of various quanta of work experience in the six technical categories previously mentioned ( within an overall mandatory quantum for each stage ) .
the second change is the introduction , as [help] only , of various quanta of work experience in the six technical categories previously mentioned ( within an overall mandatory quantum for each stage ) .

The government is issuing new guidance on inspections in schools after complaints some authorities were ‘ over-reaching ’ themselves , said a DoH official .
the government is issuing new [help] on inspections in schools after complaints some authorities were ‘ over-reaching ’ themselves , said a doh official .

The DoH said new guidance under the Children Act may be ready by the summer .
the doh said new [help] under the children act may be ready by the summer .

Guidance delayed by legal hitch
[help] delayed by legal hitch

Restraint guidance for children in care , long delayed by the government , has hit another obstacle .
restraint [help] for children in care , long delayed by the government , has hit another obstacle .

Lawyers are now reconsidering the wording of a part of the guidance and it will not be published for at least another week .
lawyers are now reconsidering the wording of a part of the [help] and it will not be published for at least another week .

‘ It is easy for the guidance to tell us what not to do , but it is very difficult to legislate for all possible scenarios .
‘ it is easy for the [help] to tell us what not to do , but it is very difficult to legislate for all possible scenarios .

The guidelines have been produced by the voluntary organisation Counsel and Care , which is dismayed by the government 's ‘ reluctance to provide official guidance ’ .
the guidelines have been produced by the voluntary organisation counsel and care , which is dismayed by the government 's ‘ reluctance to provide official [help] ’ .

But for this to be achieved , workers ' personal feelings — and the myths and stereotypes which surround gay and lesbian sexuality — have to be openly expressed for guidance and training to be targeted effectively .
but for this to be achieved , workers ' personal feelings — and the myths and stereotypes which surround gay and lesbian sexuality — have to be openly expressed for [help] and training to be targeted effectively .

Reputable test publishers in conjunction with the Commission for Racial Equality and the Equal Opportunities Commission have issued guidance on the steps which should be taken to unsure that tests do not discriminate unfairly .
reputable test publishers in conjunction with the commission for racial equality and the equal opportunities commission have issued [help] on the steps which should be taken to unsure that tests do not discriminate unfairly .

This work has been invaluable in giving authorities straight , non-jargonistic answers to difficult issues and in raising awareness of future demands through practice guidance , workshops , a newsletter and a helpline .
this work has been invaluable in giving authorities straight , non-jargonistic answers to difficult issues and in raising awareness of future demands through practice [help] , workshops , a newsletter and a helpline .

The substance , cross referenced to the introduction , provides a full and detailed commentary on the private and public law provisions and their accompanying rules , regulations and guidance for those who practise within the child care arena .
the substance , cross referenced to the introduction , provides a full and detailed commentary on the private and public law provisions and their accompanying rules , regulations and [help] for those who practise within the child care arena .

The past six months have also seen a flurry of administrative guidance , including arbitrary changes in accounting rules designed to prevent institutions from selling shares at a loss or even recognising their diminished value in their books .
the past six months have also seen a flurry of administrative [help] , including arbitrary changes in accounting rules designed to prevent institutions from selling shares at a loss or even recognising their diminished value in their books .

Its firms depend on bureaucratic guidance ; clear winners and losers are not allowed to emerge as they have done in , say , Japan 's car and electronics industries .
its firms depend on bureaucratic [help] ; clear winners and losers are not allowed to emerge as they have done in , say , japan 's car and electronics industries .

Detailed guidance for SSDs , due to be launched by ministers this week after months of delay , seeks to plug gaps in the Children Act .
detailed [help] for ssds , due to be launched by ministers this week after months of delay , seeks to plug gaps in the children act .

When the guidance was issued in draft form last year it was ridiculed by professionals for failing to give care workers specific advice on action to deal with particularly difficult children , such as those who become violent or persistently abscond .
when the [help] was issued in draft form last year it was ridiculed by professionals for failing to give care workers specific advice on action to deal with particularly difficult children , such as those who become violent or persistently abscond .

The 20-page revised document , Guidance on Possible Forms of Control in Children 's Residential Care , describes forms of permissible restraint , including holding a child 's arm or holding the child against a wall , but says such force should never be used punitively and should reflect the needs of individual situations .
the 20-page revised document , [help] on possible forms of control in children 's residential care , describes forms of permissible restraint , including holding a child 's arm or holding the child against a wall , but says such force should never be used punitively and should reflect the needs of individual situations .

The guidance emphasises that restraint should be used as a last resort within a caring and disciplined home environment .
the [help] emphasises that restraint should be used as a last resort within a caring and disciplined home environment .

Although the guidance may provoke some concerns over children 's rights , it is likely to be widely welcomed .
although the [help] may provoke some concerns over children 's rights , it is likely to be widely welcomed .

Masud Hoghughi , director of the Aycliffe centre and a strong critic of last year 's draft document , said the particular wording of the guidance was crucial because of the risk of legal action being taken against workers who exercise restraint .
masud hoghughi , director of the aycliffe centre and a strong critic of last year 's draft document , said the particular wording of the [help] was crucial because of the risk of legal action being taken against workers who exercise restraint .

The guidance emphasises the importance of staff training , and monitoring by managers , and covers children with learning difficulties , those on remand or detained by police .
the [help] emphasises the importance of staff training , and monitoring by managers , and covers children with learning difficulties , those on remand or detained by police .

Report co-author Ellen Malos said : ‘ Social workers need to be aware of the gap between the law and the more generous government guidance on the law .
report co-author ellen malos said : ‘ social workers need to be aware of the gap between the law and the more generous government [help] on the law .

Strathclyde welcomes most of the 194 recommendations , but rejects Lord Clyde 's call for a central resource to ‘ provide a high level of expertise for guidance , advice and support in particular cases ’ as unnecessary .
strathclyde welcomes most of the 194 recommendations , but rejects lord clyde 's call for a central resource to ‘ provide a high level of expertise for [help] , advice and support in particular cases ’ as unnecessary .

The outcome of the judicial review , which is now expected on 24 May , could have major implications for SSDs on account of the present ambiguity surrounding DoH guidance on assessments .
the outcome of the judicial review , which is now expected on 24 may , could have major implications for ssds on account of the present ambiguity surrounding doh [help] on assessments .

The guidance , while encouraging social workers to share information with clients about their needs , warns them against recording this on the assessment form because clients could go to court over any assessed needs which are not being met with services .
the [help] , while encouraging social workers to share information with clients about their needs , warns them against recording this on the assessment form because clients could go to court over any assessed needs which are not being met with services .

Taylor : ‘ Lack of DoH guidance
taylor : ‘ lack of doh [help]

‘ This has been a live issue for a long time , but it has been brought into sharp relief by the lack of clear guidance on assessment from the DoH , ’ he said .
‘ this has been a live issue for a long time , but it has been brought into sharp relief by the lack of clear [help] on assessment from the doh , ’ he said .

The government is to bring in new guidance on how SSDs should inspect independent schools following complaints of heavy handedness . Gerry Tissuer looks at what can go wrong
the government is to bring in new [help] on how ssds should inspect independent schools following complaints of heavy handedness . gerry tissuer looks at what can go wrong

Arthur Hearnden , general secretary of the Independent Schools Joint Council , said the current guidance is too general , leaving scope for interpretation .
arthur hearnden , general secretary of the independent schools joint council , said the current [help] is too general , leaving scope for interpretation .

The introduction to the pack gives useful guidance about the setting for running such a group and on establishing a contract for the way the participants will work together .
the introduction to the pack gives useful [help] about the setting for running such a group and on establishing a contract for the way the participants will work together .

They arrive in large packages with up-market ring folders , with the text and video presented to give the impression of a plethora of special information and guidance .
they arrive in large packages with up-market ring folders , with the text and video presented to give the impression of a plethora of special information and [help] .

Under the instinctive guidance of Hugh Cudlipp and others , with well established features and columnists , the paper was an articulate tribune for a class interest : ‘ Forward with the People !
under the instinctive [help] of hugh cudlipp and others , with well established features and columnists , the paper was an articulate tribune for a class interest : ‘ forward with the people !

She needed gentle guidance .
she needed gentle [help] .

The contemporary academic debate among economists had become bogged down in a rather arid byway of marginal costing and subsidies , and provided little useful guidance on the substantive issues of the day .
the contemporary academic debate among economists had become bogged down in a rather arid byway of marginal costing and subsidies , and provided little useful [help] on the substantive issues of the day .

While some of the less experienced chairmen welcomed guidance from the Central Authority , the majority were more rugged in their resistance to headquarters encroachment on their commercial responsibilities .
while some of the less experienced chairmen welcomed [help] from the central authority , the majority were more rugged in their resistance to headquarters encroachment on their commercial responsibilities .

More commonly , Citrine and Self took infinite pains to secure voluntary acceptance of central guidance , and were successful .
more commonly , citrine and self took infinite pains to secure voluntary acceptance of central [help] , and were successful .

Fearing criticism if their bulk supply costs were better known ( unsustainable assertions on off-peak generating costs had been made to the Ministry ) , they felt that the less guidance they got in tariff making from the Authority 's bulk supply tariff the better .
fearing criticism if their bulk supply costs were better known ( unsustainable assertions on off-peak generating costs had been made to the ministry ) , they felt that the less [help] they got in tariff making from the authority 's bulk supply tariff the better .

But once these new mechanisms are in place , managers are left with little guidance from business ethicists about how , precisely , they might best make use of them .
but once these new mechanisms are in place , managers are left with little [help] from business ethicists about how , precisely , they might best make use of them .

In that connection she became involved in the Headmaster 's plans to invite marriage guidance counsellors to present several sex education films .
in that connection she became involved in the headmaster 's plans to invite marriage [help] counsellors to present several sex education films .

Unless the youth group has adequate guidance and counselling , individuals may find choice difficult .
unless the youth group has adequate [help] and counselling , individuals may find choice difficult .

From that assessment , a group to be known as the Trailblazers will be formed and will come under the guidance of the Cliff Richard Development Trust , which is already supporting some 11 youngsters who previously progressed from the former Search for a start scheme .
from that assessment , a group to be known as the trailblazers will be formed and will come under the [help] of the cliff richard development trust , which is already supporting some 11 youngsters who previously progressed from the former search for a start scheme .

‘ Parents need to give the right guidance ’ , she said .
‘ parents need to give the right [help] ’ , she said .

English Heritage says , however , that since the publication of the strategy , they have had seventeen expressions of interest from local authorities and that they will only hand over in cases where they are sure that maintenance will be adequate and public access guaranteed : ‘ We will do everything we can to assist those authorities that need help by giving guidance and support — which could include pump-priming of posts … There is no question of selling the properties or of forcing involvement of local people ’ .
english heritage says , however , that since the publication of the strategy , they have had seventeen expressions of interest from local authorities and that they will only hand over in cases where they are sure that maintenance will be adequate and public access guaranteed : ‘ we will do everything we can to assist those authorities that need help by giving [help] and support — which could include pump-priming of posts … there is no question of selling the properties or of forcing involvement of local people ’ .

You should have a parental guidance sticker across your forehead , then .
you should have a parental [help] sticker across your forehead , then .

Under the guidance of Shirley Brasher , Karen had worked hard to resume the high level of play prior to her injury , and fully deserved her victory at Coventry .
under the [help] of shirley brasher , karen had worked hard to resume the high level of play prior to her injury , and fully deserved her victory at coventry .

[ Star of guidance in despair ,
[ star of [help] in despair ,

Though a great deal of Professor Alexander 's book is new and original work , it is probably in his study of these indications of manuscript planning and iconographic guidance that his book is most fascinating .
though a great deal of professor alexander 's book is new and original work , it is probably in his study of these indications of manuscript planning and iconographic [help] that his book is most fascinating .

Painting holidays offer an ideal chance to relax in a different environment and improve your painting , or try a new subject or medium in the company of other students , under the guidance of an expert tutor .
painting holidays offer an ideal chance to relax in a different environment and improve your painting , or try a new subject or medium in the company of other students , under the [help] of an expert tutor .

The efficient and correct use of crampons can make all the difference between a mediocre climber and a good one . Allen Fyffe provides some useful guidance
the efficient and correct use of crampons can make all the difference between a mediocre climber and a good one . allen fyffe provides some useful [help]

The methodology in Advance with English leads the learners gradually from exercises in which they are given a great deal of guidance , to ones in which there is almost no guidance .
the methodology in advance with english leads the learners gradually from exercises in which they are given a great deal of [help] , to ones in which there is almost no [help] .

Guidance in both pronunciation and conversation
[help] in both pronunciation and conversation

The Teacher 's Book offers full support and guidance to the teacher . It provides :
the teacher 's book offers full support and [help] to the teacher . it provides :

Clear , comprehensive guidance to the teacher is offered in the Teacher 's Book , along with invaluable suggestions for further activities .
clear , comprehensive [help] to the teacher is offered in the teacher 's book , along with invaluable suggestions for further activities .

First Class also gives guidance and practice in various kinds of writing , including letters of confirmation , apology , and application .
first class also gives [help] and practice in various kinds of writing , including letters of confirmation , apology , and application .

Guidance on how to approach each question
[help] on how to approach each question

Video Guide for teachers , giving detailed guidance on how to use the video and the Activity Book
video guide for teachers , giving detailed [help] on how to use the video and the activity book

The Video Guides contain detailed , step-by-step guidance for the teacher in using the video and the Activity Books .
the video guides contain detailed , step-by-step [help] for the teacher in using the video and the activity books .

This series gives the classroom teacher practical guidance in key aspects of language teaching and considers some of the underlying concepts .
this series gives the classroom teacher practical [help] in key aspects of language teaching and considers some of the underlying concepts .

It includes a variety of bridging activities to introduce students to project work , clear guidance in choosing , organizing and monitoring a project , and clarification on the ways in which project work can develop all four skills .
it includes a variety of bridging activities to introduce students to project work , clear [help] in choosing , organizing and monitoring a project , and clarification on the ways in which project work can develop all four skills .

They are required to think about the new language and with guidance are helped to work out the rules of grammar for themselves .
they are required to think about the new language and with [help] are helped to work out the rules of grammar for themselves .

It provides an introduction to project work , together with guidance on preparation and evaluation .
it provides an introduction to project work , together with [help] on preparation and evaluation .

The Video Guide gives the teacher step-by-step guidance on making the best integrated use of the video and the accompanying materials .
the video guide gives the teacher step-by-step [help] on making the best integrated use of the video and the accompanying materials .

In only 5 % of classes was teacher guidance inadequate .
in only 5 % of classes was teacher [help] inadequate .

Curriculum guidance
curriculum [help]

Greater precision is achieved by more definitive selection and guidance .
greater precision is achieved by more definitive selection and [help] .

They are particularly useful in occupational guidance ( Nelson-Jones 1982 ) .
they are particularly useful in occupational [help] ( nelson-jones 1982 ) .

Equally the interviewee forms a model of the interviewer ( s ) and this can be a considerable aid to his decision-making about whether he can respect , trust , work with or tolerate guidance from the interviewer .
equally the interviewee forms a model of the interviewer ( s ) and this can be a considerable aid to his decision-making about whether he can respect , trust , work with or tolerate [help] from the interviewer .

Indeed there is currently much greater utilisation in guidance and therapy .
indeed there is currently much greater utilisation in [help] and therapy .

, 1979 ) and occupational guidance ( Davis and Shackleton , 1975 ) .
, 1979 ) and occupational [help] ( davis and shackleton , 1975 ) .

Selection and guidance
selection and [help]

In the case of selection the given point is the job and the population is searched to find the most appropriate worker , in the case of guidance one worker is the starting point and the range of jobs is searched to identify the best one .
in the case of selection the given point is the job and the population is searched to find the most appropriate worker , in the case of [help] one worker is the starting point and the range of jobs is searched to identify the best one .

In the guidance situation the process involves analysing and describing the worker and consideration of the availability of suitable jobs .
in the [help] situation the process involves analysing and describing the worker and consideration of the availability of suitable jobs .

Guidance also involves testing and interviewing but this is invariably a two person situation of a counsellor and client .
[help] also involves testing and interviewing but this is invariably a two person situation of a counsellor and client .

Placement is a mixture of selection and guidance , a process of mutual matching takes place within a known range of persons and jobs .
placement is a mixture of selection and [help] , a process of mutual matching takes place within a known range of persons and jobs .

Bishop Konstant says : ‘ On the larger issue we will need time , information and guidance to come to a clear understanding of the morality of such situations .
bishop konstant says : ‘ on the larger issue we will need time , information and [help] to come to a clear understanding of the morality of such situations .

These chambers can only be reached via location 33 , if the adventurers have the guidance of Bardul the Hunchback ( see location 55 ) .
these chambers can only be reached via location 33 , if the adventurers have the [help] of bardul the hunchback ( see location 55 ) .

It gives little guidance as to the individual weightings to be attached to explanatory variables for evaluating between them , or the precise ways in which they interact , and lacks predictive power ( Gill , 1969 ) .
it gives little [help] as to the individual weightings to be attached to explanatory variables for evaluating between them , or the precise ways in which they interact , and lacks predictive power ( gill , 1969 ) .

However , guidance only on the ( varying ) amounts and formulation of wage demands by the individual unions , together with a schedule of warning strikes , is centrally arranged .
however , [help] only on the ( varying ) amounts and formulation of wage demands by the individual unions , together with a schedule of warning strikes , is centrally arranged .

Indeed , the advent of Protestantism gave rise to a number of new superstitious practices , such as the opening of the Bible at random in an attempt to secure divine guidance in the face of problems or dilemmas , a practice that was widespread even among Puritans .
indeed , the advent of protestantism gave rise to a number of new superstitious practices , such as the opening of the bible at random in an attempt to secure divine [help] in the face of problems or dilemmas , a practice that was widespread even among puritans .

He had been taken up by and was much impressed and influenced by Emlyn Williams — working-class Welshman become writer/actor/director/Oxford University graduate — but Williams 's guidance was not always so effective .
he had been taken up by and was much impressed and influenced by emlyn williams — working-class welshman become writer/actor/director/oxford university graduate — but williams 's [help] was not always so effective .

’ The supplementary guidance said too : ‘ The group should also take account of the ethnic diversity of the school population and society at large , bearing in mind the cardinal point that English should be the first language and medium of instruction for all pupils in England .
’ the supplementary [help] said too : ‘ the group should also take account of the ethnic diversity of the school population and society at large , bearing in mind the cardinal point that english should be the first language and medium of instruction for all pupils in england .

The supplementary guidance to our terms of reference notes that ‘ the curriculum should provide equal opportunities for boys and girls .
the supplementary [help] to our terms of reference notes that ‘ the curriculum should provide equal opportunities for boys and girls .

Our supplementary guidance said , in relation to special needs :
our supplementary [help] said , in relation to special needs :

Pray that those who seek to bring the light of the Gospel into Europe would know the Lord 's guidance and will at this time .
pray that those who seek to bring the light of the gospel into europe would know the lord 's [help] and will at this time .

Information involves leaflets about the many different kinds of retreats , its magazine Vision , and details of courses and workshops around the country on spiritual guidance and parish-based retreats .
information involves leaflets about the many different kinds of retreats , its magazine vision , and details of courses and workshops around the country on spiritual [help] and parish-based retreats .

Wider distribution of the clear and helpful guidance notes which the Equal Opportunities Commission has published for traders ( Credit where credit 's due ) could be a valuable antidote to this discriminatory tendency — perhaps accidental — where it does exist .
wider distribution of the clear and helpful [help] notes which the equal opportunities commission has published for traders ( credit where credit 's due ) could be a valuable antidote to this discriminatory tendency — perhaps accidental — where it does exist .

To keep the 1:6 cement/ballast concrete level and consistent thickness , we put a few levelled pegs at the extreme sides of the pit for guidance .
to keep the 1:6 cement/ballast concrete level and consistent thickness , we put a few levelled pegs at the extreme sides of the pit for [help] .

The task of mission , while depending on the empowering and guidance of the Holy Spirit , also requires human planning .
the task of mission , while depending on the empowering and [help] of the holy spirit , also requires human planning .

Such research does not set aside the need for divine guidance , but the evidence produced by investigation forms some of the ingredients .
such research does not set aside the need for divine [help] , but the evidence produced by investigation forms some of the ingredients .

The need for guidance is not , of course , restricted to the female sex , and it could be very tricky trying to distinguish the essential differences between male and female archetypes of the guide .
the need for [help] is not , of course , restricted to the female sex , and it could be very tricky trying to distinguish the essential differences between male and female archetypes of the guide .

Finding inner guidance .
finding inner [help] .

The lack of anyone to call upon for guidance .
the lack of anyone to call upon for [help] .

Pray for the Nazareth hospital management and all those in positions of responsibility that they may receive daily guidance and strength for their tasks .
pray for the nazareth hospital management and all those in positions of responsibility that they may receive daily [help] and strength for their tasks .

Major-General Frank Kitson , writing in 1977 , laid down a code of basic principles for the guidance of a government fighting terrorism .
major-general frank kitson , writing in 1977 , laid down a code of basic principles for the [help] of a government fighting terrorism .

4.2.2.2 each Party other than the Lead Organization hereby undertakes to the Lead Organization duly to comply with all reasonable procedures laid down by and other reasonable requests and requirements of the Lead Organization in connection with the technical or other management or guidance of the Project .
4.2.2.2 each party other than the lead organization hereby undertakes to the lead organization duly to comply with all reasonable procedures laid down by and other reasonable requests and requirements of the lead organization in connection with the technical or other management or [help] of the project .

MacDonald , Glasier and others did attempt to develop an organic view of society which denied justice to its working class , and provide guidance on how it might be transformed in order better to integrate the class into a corporate whole .
macdonald , glasier and others did attempt to develop an organic view of society which denied justice to its working class , and provide [help] on how it might be transformed in order better to integrate the class into a corporate whole .

The need for his mother 's support and guidance was still uppermost in Richard 's mind .
the need for his mother 's support and [help] was still uppermost in richard 's mind .

Often when we talk about guidance and opportunities we speak of ‘ open doors ’ .
often when we talk about [help] and opportunities we speak of ‘ open doors ’ .

They view political leadership as a positive-sum game , a necessary source of legitimacy , co-ordination , guidance on policy values , and innovation in a liberal democratic society .
they view political leadership as a positive-sum game , a necessary source of legitimacy , co-ordination , [help] on policy values , and innovation in a liberal democratic society .

Nonetheless , guidance of our approval and disapproval by the principle of utility is the only serious option for those who wish to base them on ascertainable facts to which we can all come to attach the same kind of importance .
nonetheless , [help] of our approval and disapproval by the principle of utility is the only serious option for those who wish to base them on ascertainable facts to which we can all come to attach the same kind of importance .

For some time in social policy it has been appreciated that local administrations do not simply act as transmitters of national legislation and guidance .
for some time in social policy it has been appreciated that local administrations do not simply act as transmitters of national legislation and [help] .

The existence of the continuum means that policies made by the centre are changed by information and guidance coming back up from the locality .
the existence of the continuum means that policies made by the centre are changed by information and [help] coming back up from the locality .

The guidance may in any case often be dated .
the [help] may in any case often be dated .

In the interpretation of national guidance and development of local responses , the members of a decentralizing authority
in the interpretation of national [help] and development of local responses , the members of a decentralizing authority

Central government was thus not able to give clear guidance drawn from the Worcester case for hospital managing authorities in the rest of the country .
central government was thus not able to give clear [help] drawn from the worcester case for hospital managing authorities in the rest of the country .

As was pointed out earlier government guidance was equivocal on the issue of whether the older generation of asylum residents could live successfully outside that environment .
as was pointed out earlier government [help] was equivocal on the issue of whether the older generation of asylum residents could live successfully outside that environment .

And given the political sensitivity of so much of our work , it is under the secretary general 's guidance that difficult discussions on strengthening the movement 's development and human rights awareness programmes must take place and where the final green light must be given for increasingly complex initiatives to intensify public pressure on governments .
and given the political sensitivity of so much of our work , it is under the secretary general 's [help] that difficult discussions on strengthening the movement 's development and human rights awareness programmes must take place and where the final green light must be given for increasingly complex initiatives to intensify public pressure on governments .

We hope that teachers will consult the volumes in this section for guidance on working with children with specific difficulties .
we hope that teachers will consult the volumes in this section for [help] on working with children with specific difficulties .

Parents can be greatly helped if they have received early information and guidance on the needs of children with no sight or defective vision , and in addition the chance to see for themselves educational provision as well as receiving information about potential placements .
parents can be greatly helped if they have received early information and [help] on the needs of children with no sight or defective vision , and in addition the chance to see for themselves educational provision as well as receiving information about potential placements .

In these situations they are able to contribute information and guidance regarding the problems that pupils have with visual activities and to consider on an individual basis the compounding effect that these may have in terms of the other disabilities from which the child may suffer .
in these situations they are able to contribute information and [help] regarding the problems that pupils have with visual activities and to consider on an individual basis the compounding effect that these may have in terms of the other disabilities from which the child may suffer .

( The general guidance on environment and the implications of visual handicap described in this book are relevant to the needs of pupils with multiple handicap that includes defective vision .
( the general [help] on environment and the implications of visual handicap described in this book are relevant to the needs of pupils with multiple handicap that includes defective vision .

In a book written by educators for educators , a description of some of the causes of visual disability that can be encountered in schoolchildren is given for the guidance of teachers in their work with pupils .
in a book written by educators for educators , a description of some of the causes of visual disability that can be encountered in schoolchildren is given for the [help] of teachers in their work with pupils .

The teacher 's aid can give valuable assistance in producing specialised materials under guidance of the teacher or adviser .
the teacher 's aid can give valuable assistance in producing specialised materials under [help] of the teacher or adviser .

One turns here to child guidance and the role of the educational psychologist .
one turns here to child [help] and the role of the educational psychologist .

The ragpickers video is being used by Concern for the Working Child to help provide safe night shelters for the children , basic medical care , and centres where the children can go for guidance and support .
the ragpickers video is being used by concern for the working child to help provide safe night shelters for the children , basic medical care , and centres where the children can go for [help] and support .

Some trainers offer residential courses , however , where you can enjoy a holiday at the same time as training your dog under expert guidance .
some trainers offer residential courses , however , where you can enjoy a holiday at the same time as training your dog under expert [help] .

Under the guidance of educated slaves whose forebears had served the Chapter loyally for many aeons , knowing no other world than the massive fortress-monastery , the Necromundans became well acquainted with its topography : its galleries and halls and gymnasia and oratoria , its foundries and chapels and firing ranges , its surgeries and its various scattered scriptories where librarium data could be accessed .
under the [help] of educated slaves whose forebears had served the chapter loyally for many aeons , knowing no other world than the massive fortress-monastery , the necromundans became well acquainted with its topography : its galleries and halls and gymnasia and oratoria , its foundries and chapels and firing ranges , its surgeries and its various scattered scriptories where librarium data could be accessed .

Some guidance unit must have failed .
some [help] unit must have failed .

This can be provided by Community Alcohol Teams of specialist social workers , nurses and psychologists who provide support to people at home as well as information , education and guidance to other agencies handling drinkers .
this can be provided by community alcohol teams of specialist social workers , nurses and psychologists who provide support to people at home as well as information , education and [help] to other agencies handling drinkers .

The agent merely states that offers should be made for the site , without providing the purchasers with any guidance regarding price .
the agent merely states that offers should be made for the site , without providing the purchasers with any [help] regarding price .

Diane could n't deny his charm , even though she knew more about him than most ; he came over as something like a wind-up toy that was apt to go bashing itself into the nearest wall without guidance and protection .
diane could n't deny his charm , even though she knew more about him than most ; he came over as something like a wind-up toy that was apt to go bashing itself into the nearest wall without [help] and protection .

’ The question , it was widely remarked , embraced a number of different propositions : some voters might be in favour of the maintenance of a single state but not necessarily a socialist one , and there was little guidance — apart from the draft union treaty — about the nature of a ‘ renewed federation ’ .
’ the question , it was widely remarked , embraced a number of different propositions : some voters might be in favour of the maintenance of a single state but not necessarily a socialist one , and there was little [help] — apart from the draft union treaty — about the nature of a ‘ renewed federation ’ .

There will be a woman 's guidance .
there will be a woman 's [help] .

This lack of consensus on the way semantically and grammatically related sentences should be characterized is itself troublesome enough to a sociolinguist seeking guidance from syntactic theory ; but to make things even more difficult , the very notion of semantic equivalence is a disputed one .
this lack of consensus on the way semantically and grammatically related sentences should be characterized is itself troublesome enough to a sociolinguist seeking [help] from syntactic theory ; but to make things even more difficult , the very notion of semantic equivalence is a disputed one .

It argued that government control should be ‘ strategic guidance ’ and should be exercised as far as possible in the same way for all the industries by the use of economic and financial criteria , and that this should be done by one minister and one department .
it argued that government control should be ‘ strategic [help] ’ and should be exercised as far as possible in the same way for all the industries by the use of economic and financial criteria , and that this should be done by one minister and one department .

In the case of discipline , there was a heavy reliance upon the ‘ rules ’ to control manual workers ; for staff there was personal consideration , even in some cases counselling and guidance .
in the case of discipline , there was a heavy reliance upon the ‘ rules ’ to control manual workers ; for staff there was personal consideration , even in some cases counselling and [help] .

In November 1987 , Lord Mackay , the newly appointed Lord Chancellor , ended the practice whereby judges were expected to seek the guidance of the Lord Chancellor 's department before making public statements or taking part in radio or television programmes .
in november 1987 , lord mackay , the newly appointed lord chancellor , ended the practice whereby judges were expected to seek the [help] of the lord chancellor 's department before making public statements or taking part in radio or television programmes .

The Court of Appeal frequently gives sentencing guidance , for example on rape , incest and drug trafficking ; where firearms are used ; and on young offenders .
the court of appeal frequently gives sentencing [help] , for example on rape , incest and drug trafficking ; where firearms are used ; and on young offenders .

The Act of 1971 , empowered the Secretary of State to ‘ give guidance ’ to the Authority with respect to their statutory functions .
the act of 1971 , empowered the secretary of state to ‘ give [help] ’ to the authority with respect to their statutory functions .

The White Paper purported to contain such guidance which , in accordance with the Act , was approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament .
the white paper purported to contain such [help] which , in accordance with the act , was approved by a resolution of each house of parliament .

‘ Guidance ’ could only be used to explain , amplify or supplement the general objectives or provisions of the Act .
‘ [help] ’ could only be used to explain , amplify or supplement the general objectives or provisions of the act .

If the Secretary of State went beyond the bounds of ‘ guidance ’ he exceeded his powers ; and the Civil Aviation Authority was under no obligation to obey him .
if the secretary of state went beyond the bounds of ‘ [help] ’ he exceeded his powers ; and the civil aviation authority was under no obligation to obey him .

The Government issued a Code of Guidance which widened the definitions in the Act and was more wide-ranging , to the advantage of the homeless .
the government issued a code of [help] which widened the definitions in the act and was more wide-ranging , to the advantage of the homeless .

The Social Security Act 1986 , radically changed the law by requiring special or emergency needs , which had previously been dealt with at the discretion of local officers , to be met out of the Social Fund under directions and guidance from the Minister who allocated funds to local offices .
the social security act 1986 , radically changed the law by requiring special or emergency needs , which had previously been dealt with at the discretion of local officers , to be met out of the social fund under directions and [help] from the minister who allocated funds to local offices .

The Minister purported to give guidance , the effect of which was , that social fund officers must not make payments which would result in the budget being exceeded .
the minister purported to give [help] , the effect of which was , that social fund officers must not make payments which would result in the budget being exceeded .

The court held that the guidance was defective because it was couched in mandatory terms , and inconsistent with the intended flexible nature of the scheme .
the court held that the [help] was defective because it was couched in mandatory terms , and inconsistent with the intended flexible nature of the scheme .

To my knowledge there was hardly a political problem with which George was confronted where he did not seek the advice and guidance of Crossman , but it was always associated with a healthy denunciation .
to my knowledge there was hardly a political problem with which george was confronted where he did not seek the advice and [help] of crossman , but it was always associated with a healthy denunciation .

Once policies are on the statute books , there is reluctance to change them , or change is very slow and largely through non-statutory guidance .
once policies are on the statute books , there is reluctance to change them , or change is very slow and largely through non-statutory [help] .

The law does not provide any more specific guidance however on how the furtherance of the shareholders ' financial interests should be understood .
the law does not provide any more specific [help] however on how the furtherance of the shareholders ' financial interests should be understood .

It is suggested that the controls constitute a necessary conceptual framework , and presumably have some practical impact on behaviour by providing a normative code for the guidance of management and a public standard for the evaluation of their conduct by others , but that as an enforceable control mechanism their effectiveness is very limited .
it is suggested that the controls constitute a necessary conceptual framework , and presumably have some practical impact on behaviour by providing a normative code for the [help] of management and a public standard for the evaluation of their conduct by others , but that as an enforceable control mechanism their effectiveness is very limited .

These old cases generally involve directors lacking executive responsibilities , however , and provide little guidance about the position of the modern executive director .
these old cases generally involve directors lacking executive responsibilities , however , and provide little [help] about the position of the modern executive director .

By laying down such standards the law is capable of defining what is expected of managers , of giving normative guidance on how they should fulfil their role .
by laying down such standards the law is capable of defining what is expected of managers , of giving normative [help] on how they should fulfil their role .

But when they attacked an armoured van containing the Nazi payroll without his guidance , Chicot was killed , and Madeleine was captured .
but when they attacked an armoured van containing the nazi payroll without his [help] , chicot was killed , and madeleine was captured .

For general guidance on choice of algorithm , the author has compared the number of accesses observed by Lum et al .
for general [help] on choice of algorithm , the author has compared the number of accesses observed by lum et al .

The faint glow on the skyline gave him some guidance , but apart from that , he could n't tell whether he was moving towards the shore , or across the bay , or just circling endlessly .
the faint glow on the skyline gave him some [help] , but apart from that , he could n't tell whether he was moving towards the shore , or across the bay , or just circling endlessly .

Left to themselves , folk musicians did what they could without the guidance which might have come from experienced musicians .
left to themselves , folk musicians did what they could without the [help] which might have come from experienced musicians .

In many places of full-time residential training the organisation of worship is largely a student responsibility and some supervision and guidance in the choice of music appears to be given .
in many places of full-time residential training the organisation of worship is largely a student responsibility and some supervision and [help] in the choice of music appears to be given .

For them there are fewer opportunities for planning and leading worship , and they receive correspondingly less guidance .
for them there are fewer opportunities for planning and leading worship , and they receive correspondingly less [help] .

Personal support , guidance and encouragement for the musical director are rightly to be expected from the clergy , parish leaders and congregation .
personal support , [help] and encouragement for the musical director are rightly to be expected from the clergy , parish leaders and congregation .

Guidance is offered by the salary scales suggested by the Royal School of Church Music for amateur organists ( see Appendix 3.4 ) , and by the Incorporated Society of Musicians for professional musicians .
[help] is offered by the salary scales suggested by the royal school of church music for amateur organists ( see appendix 3.4 ) , and by the incorporated society of musicians for professional musicians .

Sensitive guidance may be needed for young musicians .
sensitive [help] may be needed for young musicians .

One of the least anticipated results of this working out of opinions , morals , and institutions under the guidance of positive philosophy , is the development which must take place in the modes of expressing them .
one of the least anticipated results of this working out of opinions , morals , and institutions under the [help] of positive philosophy , is the development which must take place in the modes of expressing them .

The issue of the validity or otherwise of member state legislation restricting Sunday trading will receive further review when the European Court provides guidance following another reference to it .
the issue of the validity or otherwise of member state legislation restricting sunday trading will receive further review when the european court provides [help] following another reference to it .

The Commission provides guidance on certain of the services or costs they wish reviewed ; for example , in introducing a higher proportion of civilians into the police force or boarding out a higher proportion of children in care .
the commission provides [help] on certain of the services or costs they wish reviewed ; for example , in introducing a higher proportion of civilians into the police force or boarding out a higher proportion of children in care .

The Treasury , with its provision of guidance to departments on the development and application of output measures and performance indicators .
the treasury , with its provision of [help] to departments on the development and application of output measures and performance indicators .

They were very concerned to encourage religious observance among their employees , for example , and not only provided the churches and chapels but also influenced the selection of the clergy : they ‘ insisted that they [ the clergy ] were solely concerned with the spiritual guidance of the miners , [ but ] their concern with religion fits in with their policy of making every aspect of life in the colliery villages a matter for their scrutiny ’ ( Waller , 1983 , p. 91 ) .
they were very concerned to encourage religious observance among their employees , for example , and not only provided the churches and chapels but also influenced the selection of the clergy : they ‘ insisted that they [ the clergy ] were solely concerned with the spiritual [help] of the miners , [ but ] their concern with religion fits in with their policy of making every aspect of life in the colliery villages a matter for their scrutiny ’ ( waller , 1983 , p. 91 ) .

In particular it will consider the kind of guidance offered to schools on how to review what they are teaching , and also the issues raised by such an exercise .
in particular it will consider the kind of [help] offered to schools on how to review what they are teaching , and also the issues raised by such an exercise .

All of the documents considered so far have been intended as items for discussion or guidance to schools and local authorities .
all of the documents considered so far have been intended as items for discussion or [help] to schools and local authorities .

For a school seeking guidance the picture is a confusing one ; a wide variety of analyses of the curriculum are available but with conflicting claims as to their usefulness .
for a school seeking [help] the picture is a confusing one ; a wide variety of analyses of the curriculum are available but with conflicting claims as to their usefulness .

Guidance was given on the conduct of the interviews and a list of questions was provided to assist the tasks of reviewing the work of the teacher and setting targets .
[help] was given on the conduct of the interviews and a list of questions was provided to assist the tasks of reviewing the work of the teacher and setting targets .

Thus the reasons put forward for the present rule are first , that it preserves the constitutional proprieties leaving Parliament to legislate in words and the courts ( not Parliamentary speakers ) , to construe the meaning of the words finally enacted ; second , the practical difficulty of the expense of researching Parliamentary material which would arise if the material could be looked at ; third , the need for the citizen to have access to a known defined text which regulates his legal rights ; fourth , the improbability of finding helpful guidance from Hansard .
thus the reasons put forward for the present rule are first , that it preserves the constitutional proprieties leaving parliament to legislate in words and the courts ( not parliamentary speakers ) , to construe the meaning of the words finally enacted ; second , the practical difficulty of the expense of researching parliamentary material which would arise if the material could be looked at ; third , the need for the citizen to have access to a known defined text which regulates his legal rights ; fourth , the improbability of finding helpful [help] from hansard .

It is clear from reading Hansard that the Committee was repeatedly asking for guidance as to the effect of the legislation once subclause ( 4 ) of clause 54 was abandoned .
it is clear from reading hansard that the committee was repeatedly asking for [help] as to the effect of the legislation once subclause ( 4 ) of clause 54 was abandoned .

Design concepts are formed and tested before being passed to the drawing office for detailed interpretation ; requests for support or guidance are passed between the design and engineering departments .
design concepts are formed and tested before being passed to the drawing office for detailed interpretation ; requests for support or [help] are passed between the design and engineering departments .

Follow our guidance and with a little practice you will find your notes transformed into a neat , annotated system of stored information that is readily available for retrieval when wanted .
follow our [help] and with a little practice you will find your notes transformed into a neat , annotated system of stored information that is readily available for retrieval when wanted .

Unfortunately , too many students take what seems the easy way out , and try to remain tied to their tutor 's apron strings throughout the course , relying on him for detailed notes and guidance .
unfortunately , too many students take what seems the easy way out , and try to remain tied to their tutor 's apron strings throughout the course , relying on him for detailed notes and [help] .

In the hard world of industry and commerce the tutor will not be there to give guidance — you will be on your own .
in the hard world of industry and commerce the tutor will not be there to give [help] — you will be on your own .

Anyway , it is a shortsighted policy to rely too heavily on the tutor for detailed guidance since , good as he might be , he is unlikely to have a monopoly of knowledge in his particular subject .
anyway , it is a shortsighted policy to rely too heavily on the tutor for detailed [help] since , good as he might be , he is unlikely to have a monopoly of knowledge in his particular subject .

You know quite well how to sit examinations without any guidance , and you have no intention of following anyone 's advice .
you know quite well how to sit examinations without any [help] , and you have no intention of following anyone 's advice .

He then feels that , in all fairness , he must give some guidance on the loose ends , even at the last moment .
he then feels that , in all fairness , he must give some [help] on the loose ends , even at the last moment .

By careful study of these examples , the student will be able to learn , or relearn , material at a faster rate than is normally possible in the situation where the teacher is the only source of guidance and instruction .
by careful study of these examples , the student will be able to learn , or relearn , material at a faster rate than is normally possible in the situation where the teacher is the only source of [help] and instruction .

She looked at Alexander for guidance : he said that the image of black Sarah was in the crypt They went down .
she looked at alexander for [help] : he said that the image of black sarah was in the crypt they went down .

The purpose of this chapter is to examine on what basis this decision had been taken . Firstly , what was the precise nature of the Allied policy which served as guidance in coming to this decision ? Secondly , on the basis of what knowledge was the decision taken ?
the purpose of this chapter is to examine on what basis this decision had been taken . firstly , what was the precise nature of the allied policy which served as [help] in coming to this decision ? secondly , on the basis of what knowledge was the decision taken ?

In both these studies the results for tactual responding closely mirrored those for responding under visual guidance , which suggests that the right hemisphere plays a supra-modal role in appreciation of spatial relations generally ( De Renzi and Scotti , 1969 ; De Renzi , Faglioni and Scotti , 1970 ) .
in both these studies the results for tactual responding closely mirrored those for responding under visual [help] , which suggests that the right hemisphere plays a supra-modal role in appreciation of spatial relations generally ( de renzi and scotti , 1969 ; de renzi , faglioni and scotti , 1970 ) .

If they are looking at video recordings of classes , trainees will need some guidance in their viewing .
if they are looking at video recordings of classes , trainees will need some [help] in their viewing .

Provide what support you can in the way of information about the event and guidance about what to look for in it .
provide what support you can in the way of information about the event and [help] about what to look for in it .

This requires some time to be spent on organising access to playback machines and on introducing teachers to the concept , but that time is well spent as it then frees the tutor to give individual guidance to teachers with problems .
this requires some time to be spent on organising access to playback machines and on introducing teachers to the concept , but that time is well spent as it then frees the tutor to give individual [help] to teachers with problems .

" Candidates do need firmer guidance and practice in examination techniques as fundamental as reading carefully the examination questions , noting the emphasis given by the wording generally to any particular word or phrase and deciding what particular response the question invites , so that a more discerning and discriminating attitude may be adopted to shaping the material to hand to meet the needs of specific questions . "
" candidates do need firmer [help] and practice in examination techniques as fundamental as reading carefully the examination questions , noting the emphasis given by the wording generally to any particular word or phrase and deciding what particular response the question invites , so that a more discerning and discriminating attitude may be adopted to shaping the material to hand to meet the needs of specific questions . "

The advantages of attending a unit of this kind or somewhere that gives similar solidarity and guidance has been shown in a study of schoolgirl mothers .
the advantages of attending a unit of this kind or somewhere that gives similar solidarity and [help] has been shown in a study of schoolgirl mothers .

While the revocation of a parole licence is a relatively rare occurrence , this type of decision in the new scheme will become commonplace , and it is to be hoped that the Court will address the policy questions and give guidance as early as possible after the implementation of the Act .
while the revocation of a parole licence is a relatively rare occurrence , this type of decision in the new scheme will become commonplace , and it is to be hoped that the court will address the policy questions and give [help] as early as possible after the implementation of the act .

The Act gives no guidance whatever on how these provisions are to be applied ; it assumes a pre-existing scale which is to be found elsewhere .
the act gives no [help] whatever on how these provisions are to be applied ; it assumes a pre-existing scale which is to be found elsewhere .

However , insofar as the theories that make up our scientific knowledge are fallible and incomplete , the guidance that theories offer as to what observations are relevant to some phenomenon under investigation may be misleading , and may result in some important factors being overlooked .
however , insofar as the theories that make up our scientific knowledge are fallible and incomplete , the [help] that theories offer as to what observations are relevant to some phenomenon under investigation may be misleading , and may result in some important factors being overlooked .

The programme implicit in Newton 's gravitational theory gave strong heuristic guidance .
the programme implicit in newton 's gravitational theory gave strong heuristic [help] .

Although Lakatos 's methodology embodies a definition of what progress in modern physics has consisted in , it does not offer guidance to those who aim to achieve such progress .
although lakatos 's methodology embodies a definition of what progress in modern physics has consisted in , it does not offer [help] to those who aim to achieve such progress .

Therefore there was a lack of clear guidance on land use in Scotland until the Countryside Commission for Scotland was established under the Countryside ( Scotland ) Act 1967 .
therefore there was a lack of clear [help] on land use in scotland until the countryside commission for scotland was established under the countryside ( scotland ) act 1967 .

The judge sets out in his judgment the Home Office Guidance to Chief Officers on Police Complaints and Discipline Procedures , 1985 edition as follows :
the judge sets out in his judgment the home office [help] to chief officers on police complaints and discipline procedures , 1985 edition as follows :

Every hospital should have a policy giving a guidance as to what immediate action is to be taken by staff and who to inform and involve when a patient is absent without leave ( Mental Health Act Code of Practice , at paras .
every hospital should have a policy giving a [help] as to what immediate action is to be taken by staff and who to inform and involve when a patient is absent without leave ( mental health act code of practice , at paras .

New tasks for perception can only be carried out in the same way ‘ under the guidance of tactile appropriation ’ ( ibid : 242 ) .
new tasks for perception can only be carried out in the same way ‘ under the [help] of tactile appropriation ’ ( ibid : 242 ) .

Similarly , the interpretation of barbed and serrated discs ( hsuan chi ) as astronomical devices intended to give guidance in scheduling affairs is only the most plausible of those already advanced .
similarly , the interpretation of barbed and serrated discs ( hsuan chi ) as astronomical devices intended to give [help] in scheduling affairs is only the most plausible of those already advanced .

The justices ' reason for making the secure accommodation order was that in view of the facts found an order was required in order that the child could be given the help and guidance to meet his special needs .
the justices ' reason for making the secure accommodation order was that in view of the facts found an order was required in order that the child could be given the help and [help] to meet his special needs .

The reasons for making the order : ‘ In view of the facts found an order is required in order that [ he ] can be given the help and guidance to meet his special needs .
the reasons for making the order : ‘ in view of the facts found an order is required in order that [ he ] can be given the help and [help] to meet his special needs .

Further , the magistrates should have considered the guidance and regulations in volume 1 of The Children Act 1989 Guidance and Regulations , vol .
further , the magistrates should have considered the [help] and regulations in volume 1 of the children act 1989 [help] and regulations , vol .

Guidance is given to the court as to what its role should be in paragraph 5(7) :
[help] is given to the court as to what its role should be in paragraph 5(7) :

‘ the justices were under a duty to make any secure accommodation order only for as long as was necessary ’ — and again the guidance and regulations are referred to — ‘ In the light of the evidence that a full planning meeting was due to be held on 30 December 1991 the magistrates should either have adjourned the application until after that meeting or should have made an order to last until shortly after that meeting .
‘ the justices were under a duty to make any secure accommodation order only for as long as was necessary ’ — and again the [help] and regulations are referred to — ‘ in the light of the evidence that a full planning meeting was due to be held on 30 december 1991 the magistrates should either have adjourned the application until after that meeting or should have made an order to last until shortly after that meeting .

Annexed to the notice was a document entitled ‘ Guidance for persons being interviewed at Elm House under section 2 of the Criminal Justice Act 1987 ’ This was largely concerned with the physical circumstances in which the interview would be conducted , but it did also inform the recipient of the notice that :
annexed to the notice was a document entitled ‘ [help] for persons being interviewed at elm house under section 2 of the criminal justice act 1987 ’ this was largely concerned with the physical circumstances in which the interview would be conducted , but it did also inform the recipient of the notice that :

It provided the ideological , strategic and tactical guidance , together with the organizational strength and discipline , that guaranteed victory .
it provided the ideological , strategic and tactical [help] , together with the organizational strength and discipline , that guaranteed victory .

Only those workers who fully accepted the intelligentsia 's theories and guidance , he insisted , should be admitted to the party .
only those workers who fully accepted the intelligentsia 's theories and [help] , he insisted , should be admitted to the party .

The Act also contains guidance for the courts as to the factors which they should take into account in deciding whether any of the statutory exceptions to the presumption in favour of bail apply in a particular case .
the act also contains [help] for the courts as to the factors which they should take into account in deciding whether any of the statutory exceptions to the presumption in favour of bail apply in a particular case .

One obvious reason for the persistence of pronounced regional anomalies on this scale is the fact that the guidance contained in the 1976 Act still affords massive scope for the exercise of discretion by magistrates , thereby enabling different policies to be pursued in individual court areas .
one obvious reason for the persistence of pronounced regional anomalies on this scale is the fact that the [help] contained in the 1976 act still affords massive scope for the exercise of discretion by magistrates , thereby enabling different policies to be pursued in individual court areas .

attempts by the executive arm of government to influence sentencing are unconstitutional ; attempts by the legislature to interfere with the sentencing discretion of the courts are , even if not strictly unconstitutional , bound to result in both practical confusion and injustice to defendants ; the sentencing powers of the courts should therefore be left to the wisdom of the courts , under the guidance of the Court of Appeal . ( Ashworth , 1983a : 59 )
attempts by the executive arm of government to influence sentencing are unconstitutional ; attempts by the legislature to interfere with the sentencing discretion of the courts are , even if not strictly unconstitutional , bound to result in both practical confusion and injustice to defendants ; the sentencing powers of the courts should therefore be left to the wisdom of the courts , under the [help] of the court of appeal . ( ashworth , 1983a : 59 )

But apart from these very limited attempts to control the exercise of sentencing discretion by law , the only other guidance that is available comes from the past practice of the courts themselves in determining the ‘ going rate ’ for particular offences , and , in particular , the checking and structuring functions of the Court of Appeal .
but apart from these very limited attempts to control the exercise of sentencing discretion by law , the only other [help] that is available comes from the past practice of the courts themselves in determining the ‘ going rate ’ for particular offences , and , in particular , the checking and structuring functions of the court of appeal .

Although there is no such thing as a ‘ correct ’ sentence , there is a notional scale of penalties known as the tariff , which is based on the ‘ normal range ’ that has been developed by courts in the past , under the guidance of the Court of Appeal .
although there is no such thing as a ‘ correct ’ sentence , there is a notional scale of penalties known as the tariff , which is based on the ‘ normal range ’ that has been developed by courts in the past , under the [help] of the court of appeal .

Since 1990 , the Court of Appeal itself has sought to provide more systematic guidance for sentencers by laying down so-called ‘ guide-line ’ judgements .
since 1990 , the court of appeal itself has sought to provide more systematic [help] for sentencers by laying down so-called ‘ guide-line ’ judgements .

In the early 1990s the Court of Appeal also sought to formulate more general guidance on overall sentencing levels by attempting to ‘ talk down ’ the level of custodial sentencing for ordinary ‘ run-of-the-mill ’ offences .
in the early 1990s the court of appeal also sought to formulate more general [help] on overall sentencing levels by attempting to ‘ talk down ’ the level of custodial sentencing for ordinary ‘ run-of-the-mill ’ offences .

Consequently , the guidance handed down by the Court of Appeal is frequently way out of line with the levels of sentence that are typically imposed for similar offences by the lower courts .
consequently , the [help] handed down by the court of appeal is frequently way out of line with the levels of sentence that are typically imposed for similar offences by the lower courts .

Nor is it too surprising that the Court of Appeal guidance on sentencing levels appears to disregard the actual practice of magistrates ' courts in particular .
nor is it too surprising that the court of appeal [help] on sentencing levels appears to disregard the actual practice of magistrates ' courts in particular .

as if in recognition of the inherent limitations of the appeals system in this respect , the Magistrates ' Association issued a set of national guide-lines , in 1999 , which set out for the first time a scale of recommended penalties covering the 25 commonest offence types likely to come before the magistrates , together with guidance on the approach to be adopted for different degrees of seriousness .
as if in recognition of the inherent limitations of the appeals system in this respect , the magistrates ' association issued a set of national guide-lines , in 1999 , which set out for the first time a scale of recommended penalties covering the 25 commonest offence types likely to come before the magistrates , together with [help] on the approach to be adopted for different degrees of seriousness .

This had the effect of limiting the range of sentences that were likely to be appealed mainly to prison sentences in the upper reaches of the tariff and , as a result , relatively little guidance was available on the use of non-custodial penalties .
this had the effect of limiting the range of sentences that were likely to be appealed mainly to prison sentences in the upper reaches of the tariff and , as a result , relatively little [help] was available on the use of non-custodial penalties .

This is partly because , as we have seen , the Court of Appeal showed no inclination to formulate a coherent set of sentencing aims for the guidance of sentencers , and partly because the self-regulatory mechanisms on which it sought to rely in the pursuit of its more limited policy objectives were themselves seriously defective .
this is partly because , as we have seen , the court of appeal showed no inclination to formulate a coherent set of sentencing aims for the [help] of sentencers , and partly because the self-regulatory mechanisms on which it sought to rely in the pursuit of its more limited policy objectives were themselves seriously defective .

They received little guidance as to the aims they should be pursuing , few broad policy direc-tions , and only minimal direction as to the principles they should apply in approaching their task .
they received little [help] as to the aims they should be pursuing , few broad policy direc-tions , and only minimal direction as to the principles they should apply in approaching their task .

Further guidance , in the form of a presumptive penalty , is only provided in the case of offences involving a presumption of custody .
further [help] , in the form of a presumptive penalty , is only provided in the case of offences involving a presumption of custody .

By ensuring adequate representation of sentencers from all levels of court , in addition to other professionals with experience of the penal system , he suggests that such a body would be capable of developing realistic guidance for sentencing at all levels that should at the same time be acceptable to sentencers themselves .
by ensuring adequate representation of sentencers from all levels of court , in addition to other professionals with experience of the penal system , he suggests that such a body would be capable of developing realistic [help] for sentencing at all levels that should at the same time be acceptable to sentencers themselves .

Two centuries after Radovan , the cathedral at Šibenik , 50 km up the coast from Trogir , was being built under the guidance of Juraj Dalmatinac ( Georgius Mattei Dalmaticus ) , who was born in Zadar in the early fifteenth century .
two centuries after radovan , the cathedral at šibenik , 50 km up the coast from trogir , was being built under the [help] of juraj dalmatinac ( georgius mattei dalmaticus ) , who was born in zadar in the early fifteenth century .

It occurred to Rostov that there would be more point to the information if he also had some control over the pod 's guidance system , but at least he now knew where he was going .
it occurred to rostov that there would be more point to the information if he also had some control over the pod 's [help] system , but at least he now knew where he was going .

The pod was no longer strictly under guidance .
the pod was no longer strictly under [help] .

Following the data which was being projected on to the tiny screen , it was clear that the telemetry and guidance modules had performed according to specification .
following the data which was being projected on to the tiny screen , it was clear that the telemetry and [help] modules had performed according to specification .

Our captors took political and spiritual guidance from Khomeini , who had condemned Rushdie to death .
our captors took political and spiritual [help] from khomeini , who had condemned rushdie to death .

Central government seeks to impose its will not merely through legislation but also through the communication of large amounts of guidance .
central government seeks to impose its will not merely through legislation but also through the communication of large amounts of [help] .

Under part 1 of the 1980 Act , local authorities first have a duty to promote the welfare of children by making available such advice , guidance and assistance as may diminish the need to receive children into care .
under part 1 of the 1980 act , local authorities first have a duty to promote the welfare of children by making available such advice , [help] and assistance as may diminish the need to receive children into care .

The social work staff visit and inspect and offer advice and guidance where necessary in the interests of the child .
the social work staff visit and inspect and offer advice and [help] where necessary in the interests of the child .

Under this Act they were given responsibility ‘ to make available such advice , guidance and assistance as may promote the welfare of children by diminishing the need to receive children into or keep them in care ’ .
under this act they were given responsibility ‘ to make available such advice , [help] and assistance as may promote the welfare of children by diminishing the need to receive children into or keep them in care ’ .

Family Groups consist of a network of small local groups mostly of mothers and young children , meeting regularly under the guidance of locally recruited group and play leaders .
family groups consist of a network of small local groups mostly of mothers and young children , meeting regularly under the [help] of locally recruited group and play leaders .

Relate ( formerly Marriage Guidance ) , is a voluntary organization with a national council , coordinating the activities of local councils , which aims to promote successful marriage and parenthood and thereby helps to maintain family welfare by improving marital relationships .
relate ( formerly marriage [help] ) , is a voluntary organization with a national council , coordinating the activities of local councils , which aims to promote successful marriage and parenthood and thereby helps to maintain family welfare by improving marital relationships .

If a child has committed an offence and the parents are not providing adequate care , protection and guidance , or the offence indicates the child is beyond parental control , then they can be brought before the court as in need of care , protection and control .
if a child has committed an offence and the parents are not providing adequate care , protection and [help] , or the offence indicates the child is beyond parental control , then they can be brought before the court as in need of care , protection and control .

The disabled face much frustration and discrimination in their lives and it is vitally important that they receive the maximum help through education , careers guidance , training and help with obtaining employment so that at least they have a real chance to find and keep satisfactory work .
the disabled face much frustration and discrimination in their lives and it is vitally important that they receive the maximum help through education , careers [help] , training and help with obtaining employment so that at least they have a real chance to find and keep satisfactory work .

They included : keeping registers ; providing help to the handicapped in overcoming the effects of their disabilities and obtaining any available general , preventive or remedial medical treatment necessary ; advice and guidance to handicapped persons on personal problems and also on any relevant statutory or voluntary social services ; encouragement of handicapped people to take part in social activities ; and arrangements for voluntary visitors .
they included : keeping registers ; providing help to the handicapped in overcoming the effects of their disabilities and obtaining any available general , preventive or remedial medical treatment necessary ; advice and [help] to handicapped persons on personal problems and also on any relevant statutory or voluntary social services ; encouragement of handicapped people to take part in social activities ; and arrangements for voluntary visitors .

The Department of the Environment issued a circular in 1974 , Housing for People who are Physically Handicapped , which gives guidance to local authorities on how to assess the need for special housing and advice on provision over such things as design and siting .
the department of the environment issued a circular in 1974 , housing for people who are physically handicapped , which gives [help] to local authorities on how to assess the need for special housing and advice on provision over such things as design and siting .

In some instances it provides child guidance clinics , which offer psychiatric and social work help to children who have behaviour problems or manifest symptoms of mental disorder , and to their parents .
in some instances it provides child [help] clinics , which offer psychiatric and social work help to children who have behaviour problems or manifest symptoms of mental disorder , and to their parents .

It offers special education facilities for children who are maladjusted , usually those referred by the child guidance clinics .
it offers special education facilities for children who are maladjusted , usually those referred by the child [help] clinics .

In some areas Acts lay down clear central powers of control — the 1944 Education Act , for example — but in others the main statutes merely indicate by a variable form of words that the Ministry or Secretary of State of the central department is in the position of ultimate authority and will provide a general overall guidance .
in some areas acts lay down clear central powers of control — the 1944 education act , for example — but in others the main statutes merely indicate by a variable form of words that the ministry or secretary of state of the central department is in the position of ultimate authority and will provide a general overall [help] .

Hence referrals to the following clinics were excluded from the analysis : palliative care , oncology , renal units , radiotherapy , clinical genetics , obstetrics , sexually transmitted disease clinics , child guidance clinics , all paramedical referrals , accident and emergency and emergency inpatient referrals , consultant cross referrals and tertiary referrals , all self referrals ( by patients themselves ) , and referrals made by district health authority staff — for example , health visitors .
hence referrals to the following clinics were excluded from the analysis : palliative care , oncology , renal units , radiotherapy , clinical genetics , obstetrics , sexually transmitted disease clinics , child [help] clinics , all paramedical referrals , accident and emergency and emergency inpatient referrals , consultant cross referrals and tertiary referrals , all self referrals ( by patients themselves ) , and referrals made by district health authority staff — for example , health visitors .

they appear to go far beyond community care guidance contained in the Laming/Foster circulars of last year , which simply asked SSDs to develop a purchaser/provider split according to local circumstances , and most SSDs have introduced only limited contracting .
they appear to go far beyond community care [help] contained in the laming/foster circulars of last year , which simply asked ssds to develop a purchaser/provider split according to local circumstances , and most ssds have introduced only limited contracting .

Guidance urged on abuse at private schools
[help] urged on abuse at private schools

Delegates to the conference , held in Pershore , Worcestershire , urged the government issue guidance to prevent independent schools from trying to deal with abuse allegations internally .
delegates to the conference , held in pershore , worcestershire , urged the government issue [help] to prevent independent schools from trying to deal with abuse allegations internally .

They have been given guidance on the importance of distinguishing between needs , preferences , and wants .
they have been given [help] on the importance of distinguishing between needs , preferences , and wants .

‘ Reasonableness ’ features heavily in the guidance as a yardstick for which services to provide .
‘ reasonableness ’ features heavily in the [help] as a yardstick for which services to provide .

These grey areas show the need for clear procedural guidance for staff , carefully thought out training courses from SSDs , and extensive links between social services and health authorities to enable workers to weigh up the needs of the child , parental concerns , and the real risk of transmission to others .
these grey areas show the need for clear procedural [help] for staff , carefully thought out training courses from ssds , and extensive links between social services and health authorities to enable workers to weigh up the needs of the child , parental concerns , and the real risk of transmission to others .

Volume three of the DoH guidance , on family placements , set outs how local authorities should plan and review .
volume three of the doh [help] , on family placements , set outs how local authorities should plan and review .

The document recognises that informal patronage could be seen as a response to widespread deficiencies in medical education , postgraduate training , appraisal , careers guidance , and appointments procedures .
the document recognises that informal patronage could be seen as a response to widespread deficiencies in medical education , postgraduate training , appraisal , careers [help] , and appointments procedures .

Individual and covert arrangements offer help and guidance to a favoured minority in overcoming a range of obstacles which nevertheless are faced by all .
individual and covert arrangements offer help and [help] to a favoured minority in overcoming a range of obstacles which nevertheless are faced by all .

In 1991 case management was renamed ‘ care management ’ in a guidance document from the Department of Health and Social Services Inspectorate , on the grounds that the term ‘ case ’ was demeaning to the individual and misleading in that it is the care , and not the person , that is being managed .
in 1991 case management was renamed ‘ care management ’ in a [help] document from the department of health and social services inspectorate , on the grounds that the term ‘ case ’ was demeaning to the individual and misleading in that it is the care , and not the person , that is being managed .

At the same time , however , central guidance made it clear that the version of care management now officially sanctioned was one in which direct service provision was not included , and that a brokerage model was therefore being endorsed .
at the same time , however , central [help] made it clear that the version of care management now officially sanctioned was one in which direct service provision was not included , and that a brokerage model was therefore being endorsed .

The past decade has seen an increasing amount of guidance from the departments of health and social security about the need for adequate discharge policies .
the past decade has seen an increasing amount of [help] from the departments of health and social security about the need for adequate discharge policies .

This guidance has become increasingly prescriptive , to the extent that the most recent document strongly reinforces the view that no discharge from hospital should occur without a clearly agreed and implemented discharge plan in place for each patient .
this [help] has become increasingly prescriptive , to the extent that the most recent document strongly reinforces the view that no discharge from hospital should occur without a clearly agreed and implemented discharge plan in place for each patient .

This guidance has almost certainly improved substantially the extent and quality of discharge planning .
this [help] has almost certainly improved substantially the extent and quality of discharge planning .

Fourthly , no central guidance has emerged on how to coordinate at the local level , care management , the care programme approach , and hospital discharge procedures , thus inviting triplication of planning effort .
fourthly , no central [help] has emerged on how to coordinate at the local level , care management , the care programme approach , and hospital discharge procedures , thus inviting triplication of planning effort .

Fifthly , conflicting central guidance is emerging about the statutory requirements to provide services for people whose assessments show up unmet needs , or even to inform people about the results of assessment .
fifthly , conflicting central [help] is emerging about the statutory requirements to provide services for people whose assessments show up unmet needs , or even to inform people about the results of assessment .

’ Coming back later on one 's own was rarely useful : even if the relatives were n't round the bed there was rarely a doctor prepared to give guidance .
’ coming back later on one 's own was rarely useful : even if the relatives were n't round the bed there was rarely a doctor prepared to give [help] .

Mr. Osborne proposed the following Rules for the guidance of the Society , which with some additions were approved of .
mr. osborne proposed the following rules for the [help] of the society , which with some additions were approved of .

Guidance needs to be given on the action to be taken once the possibility of dementia is suspected .
[help] needs to be given on the action to be taken once the possibility of dementia is suspected .

If there has been little precise guidance to team members about the professional relationships and operational procedures to be followed , so , equally , there has been little guidance about their relationship to the rest of the service system .
if there has been little precise [help] to team members about the professional relationships and operational procedures to be followed , so , equally , there has been little [help] about their relationship to the rest of the service system .

Finally Section 5 deals with Design Consideration : Architectural and Services as a detailed guidance for architects working with a schedule and the room descriptions to prepare notional plans and drawings .
finally section 5 deals with design consideration : architectural and services as a detailed [help] for architects working with a schedule and the room descriptions to prepare notional plans and drawings .

Clementine fearfully spun the protective web of catholicism , the family and middle-class values around her unenterprising existence , and provided little alternative for her son but to look to his father for inspiration and guidance .
clementine fearfully spun the protective web of catholicism , the family and middle-class values around her unenterprising existence , and provided little alternative for her son but to look to his father for inspiration and [help] .

The director of an excavation determines the overall strategy and provides advice to the supervisors , while the supervisors provide guidance and advice to the workforce .
the director of an excavation determines the overall strategy and provides advice to the supervisors , while the supervisors provide [help] and advice to the workforce .

In 1954 the publishing firm Methuen approached him for a Christmas card , as did the National Marriage Guidance Council , the latter printing 6,700 copies of his design .
in 1954 the publishing firm methuen approached him for a christmas card , as did the national marriage [help] council , the latter printing 6,700 copies of his design .

The findings drew attention to the contrast between the teacher-initiated models of ‘ group work ’ which at the time offered the only practical insights and guidance available in the literature ( e.g .
the findings drew attention to the contrast between the teacher-initiated models of ‘ group work ’ which at the time offered the only practical insights and [help] available in the literature ( e.g .

Since there was little practical guidance available in the literature and most previous research had not been carried out under normal classroom conditions , we decided to enlist the help of a number of experienced teachers who were using ‘ collaborative approaches successfully .
since there was little practical [help] available in the literature and most previous research had not been carried out under normal classroom conditions , we decided to enlist the help of a number of experienced teachers who were using ‘ collaborative approaches successfully .

The President has the responsibility of supervising the overall operation of SSATs , as well as of organizing meetings , training courses and of preparing material for the guidance of SSATs .
the president has the responsibility of supervising the overall operation of ssats , as well as of organizing meetings , training courses and of preparing material for the [help] of ssats .

This parental guidance , however , can not always be provided .
this parental [help] , however , can not always be provided .

As the recording deadline approached Shawcraft , under Cusick 's guidance , fashioned a one-fifth scale model Dalek with remotely operated limbs and turret dome .
as the recording deadline approached shawcraft , under cusick 's [help] , fashioned a one-fifth scale model dalek with remotely operated limbs and turret dome .

The creative department is usually run by a creative director who is , ideally , a working director , performing primarily either a copy or an art function within a team , as well as setting standards and providing guidance and inspiration to the rest of the department .
the creative department is usually run by a creative director who is , ideally , a working director , performing primarily either a copy or an art function within a team , as well as setting standards and providing [help] and inspiration to the rest of the department .

The seminars are intended to offer ‘ help and guidance on the application of the Data Protection Act to all those who are in any way involved with the use of computerised personal information , regardless of their area of business ’ .
the seminars are intended to offer ‘ help and [help] on the application of the data protection act to all those who are in any way involved with the use of computerised personal information , regardless of their area of business ’ .

heuristic guidance of search
heuristic [help] of search

its degree of heuristic guidance .
its degree of heuristic [help] .

It uses absolutely no heuristic guidance .
it uses absolutely no heuristic [help] .

In others he will have virtually no guidance , beyond looking at the relatively few determinate sentences for attempted murder and considering what adjustment should be made for the fact that death ensued .
in others he will have virtually no [help] , beyond looking at the relatively few determinate sentences for attempted murder and considering what adjustment should be made for the fact that death ensued .

The selection of the lead cases was aimed to ensure that the great majority of the very important points of law which are at issue in all cases are authoritatively decided , and it is hoped that , as a result , clear guidance will be given to the large number of remaining cases which are stayed , leading to settlements ( or at least the elimination of some issues common to the lead cases ) and the avoidance of a multiplicity of litigation .
the selection of the lead cases was aimed to ensure that the great majority of the very important points of law which are at issue in all cases are authoritatively decided , and it is hoped that , as a result , clear [help] will be given to the large number of remaining cases which are stayed , leading to settlements ( or at least the elimination of some issues common to the lead cases ) and the avoidance of a multiplicity of litigation .

However this appeal has a wider purpose , namely to give guidance to hospital authorities and to the medical profession on the appropriate response to a refusal by an adult to accept treatment .
however this appeal has a wider purpose , namely to give [help] to hospital authorities and to the medical profession on the appropriate response to a refusal by an adult to accept treatment .

Guidance for doctors and hospitals
[help] for doctors and hospitals

Authority does not provide any guidance .
authority does not provide any [help] .

Thus in so far as the provisions of the Act of 1987 are ambiguous , guidance can be sought from the Order of 1991 in the same way as guidance can be sought from a later enactment for the construction of an earlier one : Kirkness v. John Hudson & Co .
thus in so far as the provisions of the act of 1987 are ambiguous , [help] can be sought from the order of 1991 in the same way as [help] can be sought from a later enactment for the construction of an earlier one : kirkness v. john hudson & co .

‘ In choosing this option , you authorise the society to request an appropriate surveyor to undertake a report and valuation as described in the guidance notes for mortgage applicants and you are satisfied and understand the conditions of engagement .
‘ in choosing this option , you authorise the society to request an appropriate surveyor to undertake a report and valuation as described in the [help] notes for mortgage applicants and you are satisfied and understand the conditions of engagement .

It is plain , we think , that that case falls to be considered in the light of its own particular facts , and does not purport to give any general guidance as to the meaning of the words under consideration .
it is plain , we think , that that case falls to be considered in the light of its own particular facts , and does not purport to give any general [help] as to the meaning of the words under consideration .

The local authority , which had sought the guidance of the court and had supported the mother 's successful efforts to obtain the order , had in the meanwhile reconsidered its position .
the local authority , which had sought the [help] of the court and had supported the mother 's successful efforts to obtain the order , had in the meanwhile reconsidered its position .

It gives no guidance as to what is meant by the concept of being reasonably available , yet it is not difficult to imagine circumstances in which there could be bona fide differences of opinion as to whether equipment or staff was reasonably available .
it gives no [help] as to what is meant by the concept of being reasonably available , yet it is not difficult to imagine circumstances in which there could be bona fide differences of opinion as to whether equipment or staff was reasonably available .

He ascertained that it related to the evidence and not to the law , but he did not find out what the problem was and merely gave general guidance .
he ascertained that it related to the evidence and not to the law , but he did not find out what the problem was and merely gave general [help] .

The jury has sought assistance and , once it appears that the problem is one of fact , the judge has not inquired further but has merely given general guidance , as in the present case .
the jury has sought assistance and , once it appears that the problem is one of fact , the judge has not inquired further but has merely given general [help] , as in the present case .

The table below may give some useful general guidance .
the table below may give some useful general [help] .

( But he never considered the mullahs to have diving guidance ) .
( but he never considered the mullahs to have diving [help] ) .

The Imams do not have the authority to change anything in the divine revelation of the Koran , but they are able to interpret it , through the divine guidance with which they are endowed .
the imams do not have the authority to change anything in the divine revelation of the koran , but they are able to interpret it , through the divine [help] with which they are endowed .

Seeking the guidance of a sponsor — someone further into recovery in the same Fellowship and customarily of the same sex — to provide encouragement , challenge and guidance on the journey towards recovery .
seeking the [help] of a sponsor — someone further into recovery in the same fellowship and customarily of the same sex — to provide encouragement , challenge and [help] on the journey towards recovery .

The progress during the first year of recovery will vary from one person to another but for most people this first year in any Fellowship is spent mainly in compliance : doing what is suggested by people more experienced in the Anonymous Fellowships , attending meetings , contributing to them and giving practical service in them , progressively working the 12 Steps with the guidance of a sponsor and generally learning to use the various suggested techniques of staying away from one 's primary addictive substance or behaviour and learning to deal with stressful situations in a more appropriate manner than previously .
the progress during the first year of recovery will vary from one person to another but for most people this first year in any fellowship is spent mainly in compliance : doing what is suggested by people more experienced in the anonymous fellowships , attending meetings , contributing to them and giving practical service in them , progressively working the 12 steps with the [help] of a sponsor and generally learning to use the various suggested techniques of staying away from one 's primary addictive substance or behaviour and learning to deal with stressful situations in a more appropriate manner than previously .

By getting a Sponsor , one of whose functions may be to act as a mirror and reflect back the attitudes and behaviour of the sufferer , helping him or her to gain insight into self and establish goals for further improvement in recovery through guidance on the 12 Steps .
by getting a sponsor , one of whose functions may be to act as a mirror and reflect back the attitudes and behaviour of the sufferer , helping him or her to gain insight into self and establish goals for further improvement in recovery through [help] on the 12 steps .

The process of making amends to others is in Step 9 and is not normally covered within a residential treatment centre but is left for later work with the support of the Anonymous Fellowship and guidance of a sponsor .
the process of making amends to others is in step 9 and is not normally covered within a residential treatment centre but is left for later work with the support of the anonymous fellowship and [help] of a sponsor .

These same steps can be taken again with less apprehension and at a more studied pace under the guidance of a sponsor in the Anonymous Fellowships .
these same steps can be taken again with less apprehension and at a more studied pace under the [help] of a sponsor in the anonymous fellowships .

She was standing on the tree that had crashed across the fence , looking like a garden plant in need of marriage guidance .
she was standing on the tree that had crashed across the fence , looking like a garden plant in need of marriage [help] .

Because of the variable nature of the factors contributing to manoeuvre-induced instrument errors , it is not possible to give positive guidance as to the magnitude — or even sense — of the errors likely to be encountered during a given manoeuvre .
because of the variable nature of the factors contributing to manoeuvre-induced instrument errors , it is not possible to give positive [help] as to the magnitude — or even sense — of the errors likely to be encountered during a given manoeuvre .

And , if available , use departure and destination aids for track guidance .
and , if available , use departure and destination aids for track [help] .

The system uses two " Beams ' , one giving directional guidance to the runway , the other giving height guidance .
the system uses two " beams ' , one giving directional [help] to the runway , the other giving height [help] .

The height guidance beam is called the Glide Path , or Glide Slope .
the height [help] beam is called the glide path , or glide slope .

And he can safely set down to the Spirit 's guidance anything which brings Jesus into sharper focus .
and he can safely set down to the spirit 's [help] anything which brings jesus into sharper focus .

The second is to suppose that the guidance of God is always extraordinary , individualistic , and sudden .
the second is to suppose that the [help] of god is always extraordinary , individualistic , and sudden .

Four strands in guidance
four strands in [help]

He draws together from the Bible four strands in divine guidance which , taken together , pro-vide a confident basis for action , and avoid excessive recourse to that overworked claim , ‘ The Lord told me to do such and such .
he draws together from the bible four strands in divine [help] which , taken together , pro-vide a confident basis for action , and avoid excessive recourse to that overworked claim , ‘ the lord told me to do such and such .

Personal convictions should be open to testing by the guidance of other Christians .
personal convictions should be open to testing by the [help] of other christians .

But at least we must be willing in principle to receive guidance through other members of the Body of Christ .
but at least we must be willing in principle to receive [help] through other members of the body of christ .

yet with the guidance of the conductor , an orchestra creates music and harmonies .
yet with the [help] of the conductor , an orchestra creates music and harmonies .

’ And , ’ Posi went on , ’ sections of the interfield links within the guidance systems are coming unstable .
’ and , ’ posi went on , ’ sections of the interfield links within the [help] systems are coming unstable .

On the flight to Uulaa Posi had reported a growing unrealiability within sections of the guidance system , mainly the interlinked network of preceptors that serves as Posi 's external senses .
on the flight to uulaa posi had reported a growing unrealiability within sections of the [help] system , mainly the interlinked network of preceptors that serves as posi 's external senses .

Lloyd-Smith ( 1984 ) provides a telling summary of the shortcomings of the ‘ displacement ’ model in his account of three ‘ Guidance Centres ’ established by a West Midlands Local Education Authority .
lloyd-smith ( 1984 ) provides a telling summary of the shortcomings of the ‘ displacement ’ model in his account of three ‘ [help] centres ’ established by a west midlands local education authority .

Nor can the expectations of senior staff in relation to ‘ control ’ be ignored by others looking to the hierarchy for guidance and favour .
nor can the expectations of senior staff in relation to ‘ control ’ be ignored by others looking to the hierarchy for [help] and favour .

He and his staff reject the option of off-site provision and argue for an individually tailored solution involving guidance ( pastoral ) and curricular staff : They see the assessment panel as providing an alternative , non-punitive role , for guidance teachers .
he and his staff reject the option of off-site provision and argue for an individually tailored solution involving [help] ( pastoral ) and curricular staff : they see the assessment panel as providing an alternative , non-punitive role , for [help] teachers .

The panels therefore are a contribution by the guidance staff to a total school philosophy which includes continuous assessment , a school-based certificate in years three and four which covers both the cognitive and affective domains and which is wholly positive in its comments , and mixed-ability teaching in years one and two .
the panels therefore are a contribution by the [help] staff to a total school philosophy which includes continuous assessment , a school-based certificate in years three and four which covers both the cognitive and affective domains and which is wholly positive in its comments , and mixed-ability teaching in years one and two .

Every panel has two permanent members , the assistant headteacher ( guidance ) and the school psychologist .
every panel has two permanent members , the assistant headteacher ( [help] ) and the school psychologist .

Other members include the pupil , the parent ( s ) , the appropriate member of the guidance staff and , where appropriate , other members of the teaching staff such as the principal remedial teacher or form teacher , social worker and staff from other educational establishments such as an assessment centre or residential care .
other members include the pupil , the parent ( s ) , the appropriate member of the [help] staff and , where appropriate , other members of the teaching staff such as the principal remedial teacher or form teacher , social worker and staff from other educational establishments such as an assessment centre or residential care .

Represented at the meeting were Tony and his mother and sister , assessment centre staff , social work , child guidance and three members of St Augustine 's staff , including the assistant head ( guidance ) and the member of the guidance team that would look after Tony .
represented at the meeting were tony and his mother and sister , assessment centre staff , social work , child [help] and three members of st augustine 's staff , including the assistant head ( [help] ) and the member of the [help] team that would look after tony .

The children 's panel hearing which followed this assessment felt that he should be placed on home supervision , given the generally supportive nature of the family home , but that he should attend a privately-run child guidance facility in Glasgow , instead of mainstream schooling , for long-term assessment , as a day-pupil .
the children 's panel hearing which followed this assessment felt that he should be placed on home supervision , given the generally supportive nature of the family home , but that he should attend a privately-run child [help] facility in glasgow , instead of mainstream schooling , for long-term assessment , as a day-pupil .

He was genuinely keen to return to St Augustine 's where his sister was now a pupil and both social work and child guidance were keen to see him return to mainstream schooling .
he was genuinely keen to return to st augustine 's where his sister was now a pupil and both social work and child [help] were keen to see him return to mainstream schooling .

The panel also arranged for William to spend two half-days a week at child guidance .
the panel also arranged for william to spend two half-days a week at child [help] .

In addition , the psychologist from child guidance arranged with the assistant head ( guidance ) in the school to meet every three weeks to discuss William 's progress .
in addition , the psychologist from child [help] arranged with the assistant head ( [help] ) in the school to meet every three weeks to discuss william 's progress .

Acting jointly , William 's parents , the social worker concerned , child guidance and the school all advised against terminating the supervision requirement as all felt William needed the joint supervision .
acting jointly , william 's parents , the social worker concerned , child [help] and the school all advised against terminating the supervision requirement as all felt william needed the joint supervision .

That is what the guidance staff of St Augustine 's believe to be the essence of their role and work .
that is what the [help] staff of st augustine 's believe to be the essence of their role and work .

All teachers are or should take responsibility for guidance work .
all teachers are or should take responsibility for [help] work .

The assessment panels have contributed to a better working relationship between guidance staff and other members of staff .
the assessment panels have contributed to a better working relationship between [help] staff and other members of staff .

The improved relationships between the school , the parents , the child guidance service , social work and others has been of immense and profound benefit .
the improved relationships between the school , the parents , the child [help] service , social work and others has been of immense and profound benefit .

Perhaps the most important aspect of the scheme is that it ensures that guidance staff are not deployed as disciplinarians .
perhaps the most important aspect of the scheme is that it ensures that [help] staff are not deployed as disciplinarians .

Literature giving women guidance as to their proper behaviour and place was more profuse and inflexible for middle than for working class women .
literature giving women [help] as to their proper behaviour and place was more profuse and inflexible for middle than for working class women .

Josephine Butler , for example , argued that women 's powers of guidance , their spiritual wisdom and maternal qualities should be represented in Parliament .
josephine butler , for example , argued that women 's powers of [help] , their spiritual wisdom and maternal qualities should be represented in parliament .

The Futurists , on the other hand , were men who started from violent ideological principles of their own but looked to Cubism for guidance as to how they could best express themselves .
the futurists , on the other hand , were men who started from violent ideological principles of their own but looked to cubism for [help] as to how they could best express themselves .

Now , looking for guidance in his construction of a monumental figure composition , Picasso too turned to Cézanne , although he approached him , characteristically , not only with veneration ( later in life he was to say ‘ Cézanne was my one and only master ’ ) but also in a spirit of aggression , even of iconoclasm .
now , looking for [help] in his construction of a monumental figure composition , picasso too turned to cézanne , although he approached him , characteristically , not only with veneration ( later in life he was to say ‘ cézanne was my one and only master ’ ) but also in a spirit of aggression , even of iconoclasm .

However little positive guidance is to be found in the case as to when natural justice should apply .
however little positive [help] is to be found in the case as to when natural justice should apply .

However while this may provide the conceptual basis for judicial intervention , it furnishes little in the way of guidance as to the extent of control over the conditions of jurisdiction .
however while this may provide the conceptual basis for judicial intervention , it furnishes little in the way of [help] as to the extent of control over the conditions of jurisdiction .

The case law on judicial review provides little in the way of guidance on the question of whether a certain issue is one of law or fact .
the case law on judicial review provides little in the way of [help] on the question of whether a certain issue is one of law or fact .

Item ( d ) offers more genuine guidance about the effects of advertising .
item ( d ) offers more genuine [help] about the effects of advertising .

She was angry at the time , and she was praying for guidance as to what to do with her life .
she was angry at the time , and she was praying for [help] as to what to do with her life .

Adolescent frailty and need of guidance .
adolescent frailty and need of [help] .

He concluded : ‘ The impact of central government upon day-to-day decisions of local authorities often depends on local responsiveness , and the preparedness of local authorities to accept advice or guidance ’ .
he concluded : ‘ the impact of central government upon day-to-day decisions of local authorities often depends on local responsiveness , and the preparedness of local authorities to accept advice or [help] ’ .

First , it legitimized retrospectively the grant penalties associated with targets set in 1981/2 and 1982/3 and set out the context in which expenditure guidance or targets could be issued in future years .
first , it legitimized retrospectively the grant penalties associated with targets set in 1981/2 and 1982/3 and set out the context in which expenditure [help] or targets could be issued in future years .

‘ Spacesuit twelve : activate memory guidance .
‘ spacesuit twelve : activate memory [help] .

There was still no official home-school links policy document to which interested parties might turn for clear and authoritative guidance .
there was still no official home-school links policy document to which interested parties might turn for clear and authoritative [help] .

Portage is a method of working with pre-school children whose development is delayed : parents teach their children at home under the guidance of a Portage worker who visits the family once a week .
portage is a method of working with pre-school children whose development is delayed : parents teach their children at home under the [help] of a portage worker who visits the family once a week .

Guidance by circular
[help] by circular

Follow central guidance
follow central [help]

Volunteers who give their labour free provide an important part of work done by Citizens Advice Bureaux , law centres , marriage guidance , youth work and teaching English to foreigners .
volunteers who give their labour free provide an important part of work done by citizens advice bureaux , law centres , marriage [help] , youth work and teaching english to foreigners .

Tom Cumming , on account of his religious denomination , said he would not fight in the 1745 Rebellion , but would drive an ammunition cart : Johnson 's point had to do with the difference between religious texts meant to be taken literally , and those intended for general guidance . )
tom cumming , on account of his religious denomination , said he would not fight in the 1745 rebellion , but would drive an ammunition cart : johnson 's point had to do with the difference between religious texts meant to be taken literally , and those intended for general [help] . )

As he was conducting them across the dozen or so yards , the Archimandrite appeared to touch Miss Fergusson 's elbow by way of courteous but strictly unnecessary guidance .
as he was conducting them across the dozen or so yards , the archimandrite appeared to touch miss fergusson 's elbow by way of courteous but strictly unnecessary [help] .

Blanche leant forward in her chair , alert and watchful , but her tone sympathetic — playing the marriage guidance counsellor , Dexter thought . ‘ And what did you decide to do about it ? Get a divorce ? ’
blanche leant forward in her chair , alert and watchful , but her tone sympathetic — playing the marriage [help] counsellor , dexter thought . ‘ and what did you decide to do about it ? get a divorce ? ’

With firm and gentle guidance by his friend ,
with firm and gentle [help] by his friend ,

Your health visitor , or a counsellor from the family guidance centre ( most areas have one — ask at your clinic ) would be able to help .
your health visitor , or a counsellor from the family [help] centre ( most areas have one — ask at your clinic ) would be able to help .

Although many hospitals , schools and institutions are making a big effort , there is still a need for the Government to provide guidance for the less enthusiastic or efficient .
although many hospitals , schools and institutions are making a big effort , there is still a need for the government to provide [help] for the less enthusiastic or efficient .

The subject working groups were given very detailed ‘ guidance ’ .
the subject working groups were given very detailed ‘ [help] ’ .

Among the more important requirements are : the demonstration of management skills and financial viability ; commitment to equal opportunities policies ; the provision of full information to tenants and the Corporation ; an agreement to retain dwellings acquired as a Tenants ' Choice landlord for letting at rents within the reach of those in low-paid employment ; compliance with the terms of the Housing Corporation 's guidance on the management of Tenants ' Choice dwellings .
among the more important requirements are : the demonstration of management skills and financial viability ; commitment to equal opportunities policies ; the provision of full information to tenants and the corporation ; an agreement to retain dwellings acquired as a tenants ' choice landlord for letting at rents within the reach of those in low-paid employment ; compliance with the terms of the housing corporation 's [help] on the management of tenants ' choice dwellings .

The report claimed that the Code of Guidance which accompanied the Registered Homes Act of 1984 was not being applied , partly because of lack of resources and partly because of the restricted power of local authorities .
the report claimed that the code of [help] which accompanied the registered homes act of 1984 was not being applied , partly because of lack of resources and partly because of the restricted power of local authorities .

The Code of Guidance , the authors maintain , should be given the force of legislation .
the code of [help] , the authors maintain , should be given the force of legislation .

Which colours should you use in a north-facing room that seems cold all the year round ? And how can you make a high , narrow room seem like it 's in proportion ? When you 're decorating a room these are just some of the problems you 're likely to face , and they illustrate why you mights need professional guidance .
which colours should you use in a north-facing room that seems cold all the year round ? and how can you make a high , narrow room seem like it 's in proportion ? when you 're decorating a room these are just some of the problems you 're likely to face , and they illustrate why you mights need professional [help] .

Fascinating facts , wine lore , numerous tastings and expert guidance are all part of a series of tours that take in famous Continental wine-growing areas from Tuscany to the Rhine , Bordeaux to Burgundy , Rioja to the Rhône .
fascinating facts , wine lore , numerous tastings and expert [help] are all part of a series of tours that take in famous continental wine-growing areas from tuscany to the rhine , bordeaux to burgundy , rioja to the rhône .

Structural funds — running alongside the completion of the single market will be the doubling , by 1993 , of the European Community ' ] s three structural funds — European Agricultural Guidance and Guarantee Fund .
structural funds — running alongside the completion of the single market will be the doubling , by 1993 , of the european community ' ] s three structural funds — european agricultural [help] and guarantee fund .

With large areas of water sheltered from waves , safe anchorages within an hour of almost anywhere , tavernas for supper whenever you want , and the guidance of our lead yacht this area proves that sailing can be incredibly easy and great fun .
with large areas of water sheltered from waves , safe anchorages within an hour of almost anywhere , tavernas for supper whenever you want , and the [help] of our lead yacht this area proves that sailing can be incredibly easy and great fun .

The Office of Fair Trading says that these advertisements purport to offer help in removing adverse credit history information from credit reference agency files , and to give guidance on how to make a successful credit application .
the office of fair trading says that these advertisements purport to offer help in removing adverse credit history information from credit reference agency files , and to give [help] on how to make a successful credit application .

If any member wishes to nominate a candidate for election to the Council , please write to the Assistant Secretary at the above address for a nomination form and guidance note .
if any member wishes to nominate a candidate for election to the council , please write to the assistant secretary at the above address for a nomination form and [help] note .

Students will work on a broad range of projects in their own homes , and once a month they will be invited to attend tutorials to discuss their work with other students and obtain guidance from qualified tutors .
students will work on a broad range of projects in their own homes , and once a month they will be invited to attend tutorials to discuss their work with other students and obtain [help] from qualified tutors .

‘ Contrary to marriage guidance advice , we did n't do a lot of talking things through afterwards .
‘ contrary to marriage [help] advice , we did n't do a lot of talking things through afterwards .

What he asked was guidance in the matter of a young man 's death , a clean young man who handled lambs with gentleness and care , as lambs of God , and never deserved to be done to death suddenly before his time , however the love of God might have set a secure hand under him as he fell , and lifted him into light .
what he asked was [help] in the matter of a young man 's death , a clean young man who handled lambs with gentleness and care , as lambs of god , and never deserved to be done to death suddenly before his time , however the love of god might have set a secure hand under him as he fell , and lifted him into light .

He let his hand rest on it , and summed up all his prayers for guidance and enlightenment into the touch of his fingers , and suddenly he was resolved to open it .
he let his hand rest on it , and summed up all his prayers for [help] and enlightenment into the touch of his fingers , and suddenly he was resolved to open it .

In the future evolution of society under women 's guidance , sex would be raised to a higher plane , where physical passion would be transmuted by the power of human love .
in the future evolution of society under women 's [help] , sex would be raised to a higher plane , where physical passion would be transmuted by the power of human love .

From the beginning of the course and throughout the three years , students spend one half day per week in schools ( a different school each term ) where they work with small groups of children under the guidance of teachers and tutors .
from the beginning of the course and throughout the three years , students spend one half day per week in schools ( a different school each term ) where they work with small groups of children under the [help] of teachers and tutors .

The final week of the term entails tutorials where specific guidance is given in the planning of work to support the preparation for the four week school practice .
the final week of the term entails tutorials where specific [help] is given in the planning of work to support the preparation for the four week school practice .

Together with the hold over council housing , it could be said that there was a measure of guidance and control over suburban building , its location , layout and design , as never before .
together with the hold over council housing , it could be said that there was a measure of [help] and control over suburban building , its location , layout and design , as never before .

All this was little more than the Ministry of Health could offer in 1935 as advice for scheme preparation , in guidance which remained in force for the remainder of the decade .
all this was little more than the ministry of health could offer in 1935 as advice for scheme preparation , in [help] which remained in force for the remainder of the decade .

It represented something new , sophisticated yet practical : guidance of great utility by the Ministry on how to handle problems of redevelopment , which gave a common , technical template to urban centres with similar problems .
it represented something new , sophisticated yet practical : [help] of great utility by the ministry on how to handle problems of redevelopment , which gave a common , technical template to urban centres with similar problems .

The second guidance was in respect of roads , and much needed to be done in this regard .
the second [help] was in respect of roads , and much needed to be done in this regard .

Prepared jointly by the Ministry of Health and Ministry of Works , with advice from the Ministry of Town and Country Planning on matters of site planning and layout , it was intended for the guidance of local authorities — who , it was presumed would be undertaking most of the post-war redevelopment .
prepared jointly by the ministry of health and ministry of works , with advice from the ministry of town and country planning on matters of site planning and layout , it was intended for the [help] of local authorities — who , it was presumed would be undertaking most of the post-war redevelopment .

But the physical direction of the economy through manpower planning did not last all that long , and after 1947 the financial budget was restored as the principal means of economic guidance .
but the physical direction of the economy through manpower planning did not last all that long , and after 1947 the financial budget was restored as the principal means of economic [help] .

However , the Conservative Party in opposition made it clear that they too would maintain a strong central guidance over the economy , when returned to power .
however , the conservative party in opposition made it clear that they too would maintain a strong central [help] over the economy , when returned to power .

The inefficiency of State power in regulating development and in providing guidance for the future was compared unfavourably with more adaptive private market intelligence .
the inefficiency of state power in regulating development and in providing [help] for the future was compared unfavourably with more adaptive private market intelligence .

Together with advice and guidance on housing , neighbourhood development and the layout of roads , this amounted to a total visualization of urban form at a regional scale .
together with advice and [help] on housing , neighbourhood development and the layout of roads , this amounted to a total visualization of urban form at a regional scale .

Most local authority staff found it difficult to interpret , seeking more specific guidance .
most local authority staff found it difficult to interpret , seeking more specific [help] .

There was little elaboration as to how this was to be achieved , save occasional guidance notes ; otherwise there was reliance on the all-embracing , but rather vague idea of protecting ‘ amenity ’ ( Punter , 1987 ) .
there was little elaboration as to how this was to be achieved , save occasional [help] notes ; otherwise there was reliance on the all-embracing , but rather vague idea of protecting ‘ amenity ’ ( punter , 1987 ) .

The Housing manual 1944 was one of a series giving guidance on new housing followed by the Manual of 1949 and Houses ( 1952 ) .
the housing manual 1944 was one of a series giving [help] on new housing followed by the manual of 1949 and houses ( 1952 ) .

Certain of the concepts described in the body of this Guidance Document may not be applicable and proposals should be discussed in the initial stages with officers to the Greater London Council 's Building Regulation Division .
certain of the concepts described in the body of this [help] document may not be applicable and proposals should be discussed in the initial stages with officers to the greater london council 's building regulation division .

if a member of staff is continually late for work , a disciplinary code of practice should be available to give guidance to the employee 's supervisor about what steps to take ; or
if a member of staff is continually late for work , a disciplinary code of practice should be available to give [help] to the employee 's supervisor about what steps to take ; or

Shop stewards very occasionally may rely on power to ‘ bully ’ members on the shop floor ; most shop stewards hope that members will accept their guidance as industrial relations ‘ experts ’ and therefore exert influence through expert power .
shop stewards very occasionally may rely on power to ‘ bully ’ members on the shop floor ; most shop stewards hope that members will accept their [help] as industrial relations ‘ experts ’ and therefore exert influence through expert power .

All organisations will generate their own cultures , whether spontaneously , or under the guidance of positive managerial strategy . The culture will consist of :
all organisations will generate their own cultures , whether spontaneously , or under the [help] of positive managerial strategy . the culture will consist of :

If the first furrow was straight , example and actual guidance helped to persuade the ploughman who followed after him to draw the other furrows in the stetch in like manner : if the first furrow was bent nothing could prevent the others from being less than perfect also .
if the first furrow was straight , example and actual [help] helped to persuade the ploughman who followed after him to draw the other furrows in the stetch in like manner : if the first furrow was bent nothing could prevent the others from being less than perfect also .

Youngsters , who have in the past turned to parents for guidance and example , have their confidence seriously undermined by their seniors ' inability to offer any sort of explanation or hope .
youngsters , who have in the past turned to parents for [help] and example , have their confidence seriously undermined by their seniors ' inability to offer any sort of explanation or hope .

During the 1140s he wavered in his political allegiance , hoping to find a king who was both worthy of his support and in need of episcopal guidance .
during the 1140s he wavered in his political allegiance , hoping to find a king who was both worthy of his support and in need of episcopal [help] .

He wrote The Sermon on the Mount : For Sunday School Teachers ( 1937 ) , and back in Tientsin , he worked on a Manual of Christian Discipline , to be translated into Chinese for the guidance of Chinese pastors , and published Prayers for Daily Use ( 1942 ) .
he wrote the sermon on the mount : for sunday school teachers ( 1937 ) , and back in tientsin , he worked on a manual of christian discipline , to be translated into chinese for the [help] of chinese pastors , and published prayers for daily use ( 1942 ) .

Though he published little under his sole name , the best testimony to his erudition is to be found in the prefaces of numerous books on Mozart by both English and foreign authors who readily acknowledged his guidance .
though he published little under his sole name , the best testimony to his erudition is to be found in the prefaces of numerous books on mozart by both english and foreign authors who readily acknowledged his [help] .

His experience of the committee-managed Union convinced him that personal guidance was the safest way to run any enterprise .
his experience of the committee-managed union convinced him that personal [help] was the safest way to run any enterprise .

It is more likely that such a talent lay in site administration and the guidance of taste rather than in any practical work as craftsman , architect , or mason .
it is more likely that such a talent lay in site administration and the [help] of taste rather than in any practical work as craftsman , architect , or mason .

Under his guidance , the factory inspectorate was greatly expanded and systematically reorganized .
under his [help] , the factory inspectorate was greatly expanded and systematically reorganized .

In his day Hamilton was recognized by discriminating judges as having contributed decisively to the emergence of the new naturalistic style of English landscape , and his guidance was sought by his friends for such outstanding creations as Stourhead , Bowood , Hagley , and Holland Park .
in his day hamilton was recognized by discriminating judges as having contributed decisively to the emergence of the new naturalistic style of english landscape , and his [help] was sought by his friends for such outstanding creations as stourhead , bowood , hagley , and holland park .

Cocks was only ten years old when his father died , leaving him heir to his paternal grandfather 's baronetcy and estate at Dumbleton , Gloucestershire , and the remainder of his upbringing was entrusted to the strict guidance of his elder sister , Dorothy , who regulated the family to her own pattern of godliness .
cocks was only ten years old when his father died , leaving him heir to his paternal grandfather 's baronetcy and estate at dumbleton , gloucestershire , and the remainder of his upbringing was entrusted to the strict [help] of his elder sister , dorothy , who regulated the family to her own pattern of godliness .

All this chapter attempts is to offer guidance on how to find the way through the statutory provisions which , understandably , tend to be expressed in accountants ' language rather than that of lawyers .
all this chapter attempts is to offer [help] on how to find the way through the statutory provisions which , understandably , tend to be expressed in accountants ' language rather than that of lawyers .

Even though the process of applying to the High Court may be a somewhat slow one ( in a context where speed of response may be all important ) , the application for review may enable the court to give useful guidance for the future relating to , for example , the meaning of a term like ‘ serious disruption to the life of the community .
even though the process of applying to the high court may be a somewhat slow one ( in a context where speed of response may be all important ) , the application for review may enable the court to give useful [help] for the future relating to , for example , the meaning of a term like ‘ serious disruption to the life of the community .

To give guidance on the meaning of ‘ racial hatred , ’ section 17 provides :
to give [help] on the meaning of ‘ racial hatred , ’ section 17 provides :

From the foregoing , it will be apparent that the prospect of a breach of the peace licenses what would otherwise be unlawful conduct on the part of the policeman , and the question arises as to how carefully , and on what grounds , the courts will give guidance as to the use of the powers , and subject their use to review .
from the foregoing , it will be apparent that the prospect of a breach of the peace licenses what would otherwise be unlawful conduct on the part of the policeman , and the question arises as to how carefully , and on what grounds , the courts will give [help] as to the use of the powers , and subject their use to review .

It is difficult to say how much force is permissible , and the universal but anodyne expression ‘ as much as is reasonably necessary ’ does not give sufficient guidance as to the true state of the law .
it is difficult to say how much force is permissible , and the universal but anodyne expression ‘ as much as is reasonably necessary ’ does not give sufficient [help] as to the true state of the law .

Central though this concept is in accounting and auditing , professional guidance on its meaning is typically broad .
central though this concept is in accounting and auditing , professional [help] on its meaning is typically broad .

Guidance has been provided by The Corporate Report , as we noted earlier , on the kind of additional statements that might be produced .
[help] has been provided by the corporate report , as we noted earlier , on the kind of additional statements that might be produced .

The Auditing Practices Committee ( Guidance for Internal Auditors , 1990 ) defines internal audit as follows .
the auditing practices committee ( [help] for internal auditors , 1990 ) defines internal audit as follows .

The Guidance concentrates on the organizational status of internal audit and the objectivity of internal auditors in achieving the requisite independence .
the [help] concentrates on the organizational status of internal audit and the objectivity of internal auditors in achieving the requisite independence .

As far as the main professional accounting bodies are concerned , this Guidance is definitive but , as is always the case in the public sector , the Government also has a say .
as far as the main professional accounting bodies are concerned , this [help] is definitive but , as is always the case in the public sector , the government also has a say .

The dual responsibilities , to the employer and to the profession , remain problematic : the professional response has been to offer on-line access to ethical guidance .
the dual responsibilities , to the employer and to the profession , remain problematic : the professional response has been to offer on-line access to ethical [help] .

‘ Any — uh — areas of dispute ? ’ Matthew asked , thinking that at least he 'd be able to get a job with a marriage guidance bureau if Cadogan 's suddenly folded .
‘ any — uh — areas of dispute ? ’ matthew asked , thinking that at least he 'd be able to get a job with a marriage [help] bureau if cadogan 's suddenly folded .

Emerging autonomy — the employees begin to define their own role but still need guidance .
emerging autonomy — the employees begin to define their own role but still need [help] .

All staff in their counselling work can draw on a range of standard publications , most importantly the Staff Guide which offers detailed guidance on procedures and expected roles .
all staff in their counselling work can draw on a range of standard publications , most importantly the staff guide which offers detailed [help] on procedures and expected roles .

On the 7th of September a monster train of excursionists , under the guidance of Mr. Cook of Leicester , were returning from their wanderings in the land of the mountain and the flood , and nearing the ancient town of Dunbar … when the exclamation was suddenly heard , ‘ The Queen is coming !
on the 7th of september a monster train of excursionists , under the [help] of mr. cook of leicester , were returning from their wanderings in the land of the mountain and the flood , and nearing the ancient town of dunbar … when the exclamation was suddenly heard , ‘ the queen is coming !

So the eager tourist , arriving at the station , could arm himself with all the necessary guidance and advice to make the most of his visit and of the railway routes connected with his destination .
so the eager tourist , arriving at the station , could arm himself with all the necessary [help] and advice to make the most of his visit and of the railway routes connected with his destination .

The service therefore provides free to all individuals a confidential , impartial and independent service of information , guidance and support , and makes responsible use of the experience so gained .
the service therefore provides free to all individuals a confidential , impartial and independent service of information , [help] and support , and makes responsible use of the experience so gained .

It is to publish information as to the discharge of its functions , supply information to the Lord Chancellor as and when required , make annual reports , and ‘ have regard , in discharging its functions , to such guidance as may from time to time be given by the Lord Chancellor .
it is to publish information as to the discharge of its functions , supply information to the lord chancellor as and when required , make annual reports , and ‘ have regard , in discharging its functions , to such [help] as may from time to time be given by the lord chancellor .

’ The regulations give some guidance by directing that an application may be refused where it appears that any advantage accruing would only be trivial , where the simple nature of the proceedings would not normally require the assistance of a solicitor , or where funds from another source were available but not pursued .
’ the regulations give some [help] by directing that an application may be refused where it appears that any advantage accruing would only be trivial , where the simple nature of the proceedings would not normally require the assistance of a solicitor , or where funds from another source were available but not pursued .

It recommended that the preliminary hearing be abolished , that the district judge be required to conduct the hearing on an interventionist basis , that he or she be required to give reasons for a decision and explain the rules of law and that specific guidance should be provided on the expenses recoverable for small claims .
it recommended that the preliminary hearing be abolished , that the district judge be required to conduct the hearing on an interventionist basis , that he or she be required to give reasons for a decision and explain the rules of law and that specific [help] should be provided on the expenses recoverable for small claims .

Thus , although the main thrust of the National Health Service and Community Care Act is concerned with financial and managerial structures and the only explicit definition of a practice role is that of Assessment in Sec.47 , other practice roles are implicit and have to be inferred or derived from guidance or policy documentation .
thus , although the main thrust of the national health service and community care act is concerned with financial and managerial structures and the only explicit definition of a practice role is that of assessment in sec.47 , other practice roles are implicit and have to be inferred or derived from [help] or policy documentation .

There is considerable uncertainty , reflected in Department of Health ( 1984 , 1989 ) guidance , about the extent to which community care is feasible for this client group .
there is considerable uncertainty , reflected in department of health ( 1984 , 1989 ) [help] , about the extent to which community care is feasible for this client group .

The White Paper , the Act itself and the preliminary draft guidance all emphasize the government 's expectation that not every referral will necessitate a comprehensive assessment and that departments will need to establish criteria of eligibility for a full assessment and an initial screening mechanism ( DoH , 1989b , 1990 , 1991a ) .
the white paper , the act itself and the preliminary draft [help] all emphasize the government 's expectation that not every referral will necessitate a comprehensive assessment and that departments will need to establish criteria of eligibility for a full assessment and an initial screening mechanism ( doh , 1989b , 1990 , 1991a ) .

Whilst guidance on suitable mechanisms for multidisciplinary collaboration has at the level of planning been published , the use of mechanisms to co-ordinate information and assessment at the level of practice has been actively discouraged .
whilst [help] on suitable mechanisms for multidisciplinary collaboration has at the level of planning been published , the use of mechanisms to co-ordinate information and assessment at the level of practice has been actively discouraged .

The Draft Guidance , however , refers to the possibility that user and carer may have different views and seek different outcomes and therefore may need to be involved separately in the assessment process ( DoH , 1991a ) .
the draft [help] , however , refers to the possibility that user and carer may have different views and seek different outcomes and therefore may need to be involved separately in the assessment process ( doh , 1991a ) .

Nevertheless , government guidance subsequent to the Act itself has endorsed the comprehensive needs-led approach to assessment and envisages a separation of assessment from care management and service provision :
nevertheless , government [help] subsequent to the act itself has endorsed the comprehensive needs-led approach to assessment and envisages a separation of assessment from care management and service provision :

The House of Lords has given useful guidance in this respect .
the house of lords has given useful [help] in this respect .

Secondly , having relaxed the exclusionary rule , Pepper v. Hart gives no guidance as to the relationship between reference to parliamentary material as an aid to statutory construction and other aids to construction .
secondly , having relaxed the exclusionary rule , pepper v. hart gives no [help] as to the relationship between reference to parliamentary material as an aid to statutory construction and other aids to construction .

So , for example , the practitioner has no guidance on the weight which will be given to an admissible ministerial statement that a situation is not covered by one clause but is covered by another that is in conflict with a construction based on textual examination of the legislation as a whole .
so , for example , the practitioner has no [help] on the weight which will be given to an admissible ministerial statement that a situation is not covered by one clause but is covered by another that is in conflict with a construction based on textual examination of the legislation as a whole .

This lack of guidance may create other uncertainties .
this lack of [help] may create other uncertainties .

Now we 're looking for clear guidance from textbooks .
now we 're looking for clear [help] from textbooks .

The centres organising the assessment need to provide an induction process for employers and candidates ; give the candidate advice on the process and guidance and counselling during the gathering and assembly of evidence ; and provide assessment facilities for assessing prior and ongoing competencies .
the centres organising the assessment need to provide an induction process for employers and candidates ; give the candidate advice on the process and [help] and counselling during the gathering and assembly of evidence ; and provide assessment facilities for assessing prior and ongoing competencies .

We pray for your guidance on leaders , and your hand of comfort on the innocent people caught up in conflict .
we pray for your [help] on leaders , and your hand of comfort on the innocent people caught up in conflict .

We pray for your guidance on leaders , and your hand of comfort on the innocent people caught up in conflict .
we pray for your [help] on leaders , and your hand of comfort on the innocent people caught up in conflict .

We pray for clear guidance for the leaders of the church , and in particular we pray for archbishops and bishops , as their words are reported by the media .
we pray for clear [help] for the leaders of the church , and in particular we pray for archbishops and bishops , as their words are reported by the media .

Lord , may they know your peaceful guidance and your calming touch .
lord , may they know your peaceful [help] and your calming touch .

For District staff , the undertaking is that you will have standard service specifications , a model service agreement , and guidance on their use , together with details of prices and payment systems , by mid-March .
for district staff , the undertaking is that you will have standard service specifications , a model service agreement , and [help] on their use , together with details of prices and payment systems , by mid-march .

In terms of policy , Heads of Departments have been instructed to produce detailed guidance based on the principles contained in the Regional Council 's policy document to be issued to all groups of employees within the Department concerned .
in terms of policy , heads of departments have been instructed to produce detailed [help] based on the principles contained in the regional council 's policy document to be issued to all groups of employees within the department concerned .

Direct contact is a necessary element in the guidance process .
direct contact is a necessary element in the [help] process .

As part of this initiative , it is planned — with the co-operation of bus operators — to issue guidance notes to all bus drivers of local services .
as part of this initiative , it is planned — with the co-operation of bus operators — to issue [help] notes to all bus drivers of local services .

You will recall that during the last Executive Committee meeting we considered a proposal to create an index to help branches make use of the increasing amount of planning policy guidance which is now available .
you will recall that during the last executive committee meeting we considered a proposal to create an index to help branches make use of the increasing amount of planning policy [help] which is now available .

Thanks for your latest guidance on this issue .
thanks for your latest [help] on this issue .

We understand that the borough council 's Director of Planning has concluded from this guidance that the application can not be justified and should therefore be refused .
we understand that the borough council 's director of planning has concluded from this [help] that the application can not be justified and should therefore be refused .

We joined embattled coalfield communities in South Wales , who have suffered decades of dirt , noise and heavy traffic , in a call for a complete overhaul of Minerals Planning Guidance Note 3 which currently tells planning authorities that opencast mining should be permitted in the national interest .
we joined embattled coalfield communities in south wales , who have suffered decades of dirt , noise and heavy traffic , in a call for a complete overhaul of minerals planning [help] note 3 which currently tells planning authorities that opencast mining should be permitted in the national interest .

We sought to strengthen Welsh Office planning guidance in ways that encourage good design , prevent abuse and minimise the environmental impact of necessary development .
we sought to strengthen welsh office planning [help] in ways that encourage good design , prevent abuse and minimise the environmental impact of necessary development .

We took advantage of a comprehensive review of strategic guidance in Wales to press home our view that land use planning must play a central role in reducing society 's demands for finite natural resources .
we took advantage of a comprehensive review of strategic [help] in wales to press home our view that land use planning must play a central role in reducing society 's demands for finite natural resources .

We asked for guidance as to how this may work following local government reorganisation .
we asked for [help] as to how this may work following local government reorganisation .

We were told that although up to this point no account had been made for the effects of new policies , the counties were at liberty to estimate the effects of new policies — either theirs or the Government 's via planning policy guidance and the work of development agencies , TECs etc .
we were told that although up to this point no account had been made for the effects of new policies , the counties were at liberty to estimate the effects of new policies — either theirs or the government 's via planning policy [help] and the work of development agencies , tecs etc .

It was also accounted for in Government planning guidance and other environmental policies that influence land use .
it was also accounted for in government planning [help] and other environmental policies that influence land use .

We considered the problem of enforcing Government planning guidance .
we considered the problem of enforcing government planning [help] .

strengthening countryside / environmental protection in Government planning guidance at every opportunity ;
strengthening countryside / environmental protection in government planning [help] at every opportunity ;

We have already received guidance from Mr Burrell on the issues likely to require resolution in the High Court and the grounds on which McAlpine 's arguments could be countered .
we have already received [help] from mr burrell on the issues likely to require resolution in the high court and the grounds on which mcalpine 's arguments could be countered .

More guidance is needed to define exactly what is covered by the new procedures .
more [help] is needed to define exactly what is covered by the new procedures .

Unclear guidance on this point could cause confusion over what information should be made available , and give rise to demands for information not covered by the disclosure provisions .
unclear [help] on this point could cause confusion over what information should be made available , and give rise to demands for information not covered by the disclosure provisions .

Here again , the guidance is too vague .
here again , the [help] is too vague .

More detailed guidance is needed to define what genuinely constitutes ‘ commercially sensitive information ’ .
more detailed [help] is needed to define what genuinely constitutes ‘ commercially sensitive information ’ .

This competent body could provide guidance on the preferable format ( s ) for the presentation of information .
this competent body could provide [help] on the preferable format ( s ) for the presentation of information .

Response by the Campaign for the Protection of Rural Wales to the Welsh Office Consultation on Mineral Planning Guidance Note 3
response by the campaign for the protection of rural wales to the welsh office consultation on mineral planning [help] note 3

We are grateful for the opportunity to comment on the revision of this important planning guidance note .
we are grateful for the opportunity to comment on the revision of this important planning [help] note .

We are extremely critical of the strategy outlined in draft guidance because it seeks to meet a projected near doubling in aggregates consumption over the 20 year period 1991 to 2011 .
we are extremely critical of the strategy outlined in draft [help] because it seeks to meet a projected near doubling in aggregates consumption over the 20 year period 1991 to 2011 .

We do not therefore believe the draft guidance , despite valiant efforts to convince , has fully embraced the concept of sustainability .
we do not therefore believe the draft [help] , despite valiant efforts to convince , has fully embraced the concept of sustainability .

The draft guidance recognises the importance of protecting specially designated areas .
the draft [help] recognises the importance of protecting specially designated areas .

Despite the foregoing criticisms , we recognise and welcome the change of direction signalled by the draft guidance .
despite the foregoing criticisms , we recognise and welcome the change of direction signalled by the draft [help] .

Moreover , they should be given guidance to the effect that the Government will support them if they decide , at the time of review , not to grant fresh permissions on environmental and social grounds .
moreover , they should be given [help] to the effect that the government will support them if they decide , at the time of review , not to grant fresh permissions on environmental and social grounds .

MPAs should be given guidance on the type of conditions which may become relevant , including those relating to compensation .
mpas should be given [help] on the type of conditions which may become relevant , including those relating to compensation .

We are grateful for the opportunity to comment on the revision of this important planning guidance note .
we are grateful for the opportunity to comment on the revision of this important planning [help] note .

We are extremely critical of the strategy outlined in draft guidance because it seeks to meet a projected near doubling in aggregates consumption over the 20 year period 1991 to 2011 .
we are extremely critical of the strategy outlined in draft [help] because it seeks to meet a projected near doubling in aggregates consumption over the 20 year period 1991 to 2011 .

We do not therefore believe the draft guidance , despite valiant efforts to convince , has fully embraced the concept of sustainability .
we do not therefore believe the draft [help] , despite valiant efforts to convince , has fully embraced the concept of sustainability .

The draft guidance recognises the importance of protecting specially designated areas .
the draft [help] recognises the importance of protecting specially designated areas .

Despite the foregoing criticisms , we recognise and welcome the change of direction signalled by the draft guidance .
despite the foregoing criticisms , we recognise and welcome the change of direction signalled by the draft [help] .

Thank you for inviting Wales Link 's member bodies to comment on this important planning policy guidance note .
thank you for inviting wales link 's member bodies to comment on this important planning policy [help] note .

Response by Wales Wildlife and Countryside Link to the Welsh Office draft Planning Policy Guidance Note
response by wales wildlife and countryside link to the welsh office draft planning policy [help] note

We want to point out again the difficulty of drawing up regional strategic guidance in the absence of a stated national coastal strategy .
we want to point out again the difficulty of drawing up regional strategic [help] in the absence of a stated national coastal strategy .

Guidance on the structure of co-operative links would be welcome to ensure consistency , as opposed to the varied nature of the coastal fora which are evolving on a voluntary basis .
[help] on the structure of co-operative links would be welcome to ensure consistency , as opposed to the varied nature of the coastal fora which are evolving on a voluntary basis .

Response by the Campaign for the Protection of Rural Wales to the Welsh Office draft Planning Policy Guidance Note
response by the campaign for the protection of rural wales to the welsh office draft planning policy [help] note

There is an urgent need to develop practical definitions of ‘ sustainable development ’ and to offer planning authorities much clearer guidance on what is and what is not environmentally sustainable .
there is an urgent need to develop practical definitions of ‘ sustainable development ’ and to offer planning authorities much clearer [help] on what is and what is not environmentally sustainable .

We welcome the enhanced environmental considerations in the guidance , particularly that on the relationship between transport , pollution and energy use ; the importance of taking care when converting buildings of special architectural or historic interest ; and on the application of Environmental Assessment to industrial and commercial development .
we welcome the enhanced environmental considerations in the [help] , particularly that on the relationship between transport , pollution and energy use ; the importance of taking care when converting buildings of special architectural or historic interest ; and on the application of environmental assessment to industrial and commercial development .

We believe development plans are a vital means of securing the integrated approach to environmental and economic objectives which the guidance seeks .
we believe development plans are a vital means of securing the integrated approach to environmental and economic objectives which the [help] seeks .

Other aspects of the guidance which we welcome include — strengthened advice on avoiding the rigid separation of industrial and residential uses , subject to environmental constraints ; the use of conditions and obligations to control the intensification of industry ; and the advice against charging for pre-application advice .
other aspects of the [help] which we welcome include — strengthened advice on avoiding the rigid separation of industrial and residential uses , subject to environmental constraints ; the use of conditions and obligations to control the intensification of industry ; and the advice against charging for pre-application advice .

Whilst we recognise that the Government does not want local authorities to use development plan policies to limit change of use rights , we believe the final guidance should indicate the special circumstances in which such constraints may be justified , for example , in order to avoid environmental problems or to sustain the traditional employment base of a particular locality .
whilst we recognise that the government does not want local authorities to use development plan policies to limit change of use rights , we believe the final [help] should indicate the special circumstances in which such constraints may be justified , for example , in order to avoid environmental problems or to sustain the traditional employment base of a particular locality .

We support the guidance that rigid separation of residential and industrial developments should be avoided .
we support the [help] that rigid separation of residential and industrial developments should be avoided .

The guidance appears to suggest that the approach to urban and rural industrial and commercial developments should be basically similar .
the [help] appears to suggest that the approach to urban and rural industrial and commercial developments should be basically similar .

This should be discouraged through planning guidance .
this should be discouraged through planning [help] .

We welcome the guidance on the conversion of buildings of special architectural or historic interest .
we welcome the [help] on the conversion of buildings of special architectural or historic interest .

We welcome much of the guidance in this section of the Note .
we welcome much of the [help] in this section of the note .

We support the bulk of the guidance on the use of conditions to overcome specific problems associated with developments .
we support the bulk of the [help] on the use of conditions to overcome specific problems associated with developments .

We are disappointed that the guidance makes no reference to the importance of the design and quality of industrial and commercial development .
we are disappointed that the [help] makes no reference to the importance of the design and quality of industrial and commercial development .

During the last five years Planning Policy Guidance Notes ( PPGs ) and Minerals Policy Guidance Notes ( MPGs ) have been published with increasing frequency .
during the last five years planning policy [help] notes ( ppgs ) and minerals policy [help] notes ( mpgs ) have been published with increasing frequency .

The creation of a relatively simple index could help branch volunteers access some of the key information contained in the guidance notes . Careful thought would have to be given to the design of such an index to take the following matters into account :
the creation of a relatively simple index could help branch volunteers access some of the key information contained in the [help] notes . careful thought would have to be given to the design of such an index to take the following matters into account :

We are grateful for the opportunity to comment on this important draft planning policy guidance note .
we are grateful for the opportunity to comment on this important draft planning policy [help] note .

Response by the Campaign for the Protection of Rural Wales to draft Planning Policy Guidance Note 6 ( Revised )
response by the campaign for the protection of rural wales to draft planning policy [help] note 6 ( revised )

Against this background of recent dramatic change in retail patterns that have remained town-based for centuries , the new guidance is welcome .
against this background of recent dramatic change in retail patterns that have remained town-based for centuries , the new [help] is welcome .

We would welcome the inclusion of guidance to encourage increased diversity in the types of retail outlet found in town centres , so that particular concentrations of , for example , building societies or take-aways , can be better managed .
we would welcome the inclusion of [help] to encourage increased diversity in the types of retail outlet found in town centres , so that particular concentrations of , for example , building societies or take-aways , can be better managed .

Despite all its fine sentiments , however , the main weakness in the guidance is its lack of clear operational advice on development plan policies and on the matters to be weighed in planning decisions .
despite all its fine sentiments , however , the main weakness in the [help] is its lack of clear operational advice on development plan policies and on the matters to be weighed in planning decisions .

Although planning authorities are urged to consider the differential effects of in-town and out-of-town developments , the guidance studiously avoids giving a clear indication of the shopping patterns to be favoured in future .
although planning authorities are urged to consider the differential effects of in-town and out-of-town developments , the [help] studiously avoids giving a clear indication of the shopping patterns to be favoured in future .

We are surprised that the guidance makes scant reference to the importance of strategic planning guidance , particularly since it stresses the close scrutiny which the Secretary of State will want to give to large scale or controversial proposals , which must be referred to him .
we are surprised that the [help] makes scant reference to the importance of strategic planning [help] , particularly since it stresses the close scrutiny which the secretary of state will want to give to large scale or controversial proposals , which must be referred to him .

Whilst we recognise that planning guidance should not be too prescriptive in terms of retail floorspace limits , we think that local planning authorities should set guidance limits which reflect some estimate of the environmental capacity of the plan area .
whilst we recognise that planning [help] should not be too prescriptive in terms of retail floorspace limits , we think that local planning authorities should set [help] limits which reflect some estimate of the environmental capacity of the plan area .

We are pleased to see the guidance state unequivocally that major retail developments are inappropriate in Green Belts .
we are pleased to see the [help] state unequivocally that major retail developments are inappropriate in green belts .

We look forward to the designation of Green Belts in the more developed areas of Wales and presume that this guidance will then apply .
we look forward to the designation of green belts in the more developed areas of wales and presume that this [help] will then apply .

Since the passing of this Act vast areas of Government planning guidance has been reviewed and new guidance issued on such subjects as coastal planning , nature conservation , sport and recreation , and archaeology .
since the passing of this act vast areas of government planning [help] has been reviewed and new [help] issued on such subjects as coastal planning , nature conservation , sport and recreation , and archaeology .

[ They ] are used in this interim period in providing informal planning advice and guidance .
[ they ] are used in this interim period in providing informal planning advice and [help] .

The planning implications of this policy became clear in Minerals Planning Guidance Note 3 ( 1988 ) : ‘ Opencast coal can often be produced cheaply and profitably … ( it ) is also an integral part of British Coal 's overall production and makes a vital contribution to their finances … it is in the national interest to maximise production where that can be done in an environmentally acceptable way ’ .
the planning implications of this policy became clear in minerals planning [help] note 3 ( 1988 ) : ‘ opencast coal can often be produced cheaply and profitably … ( it ) is also an integral part of british coal 's overall production and makes a vital contribution to their finances … it is in the national interest to maximise production where that can be done in an environmentally acceptable way ’ .

Strategic Planning Guidance … can provide the framework to begin the necessary work which will have to be undertaken if sustainability is to be given any credence within the development plan framework .
strategic planning [help] … can provide the framework to begin the necessary work which will have to be undertaken if sustainability is to be given any credence within the development plan framework .

Strategic planning guidance from the Welsh Office is used to formulate county structure plan policies which are translated into more detailed local policies on which hundreds of development decisions based every week .
strategic planning [help] from the welsh office is used to formulate county structure plan policies which are translated into more detailed local policies on which hundreds of development decisions based every week .

The Forum 's report highlights guidance that is need to help plan waste management , the production and conservation of energy , protection of the natural and built environment , coastal development , minerals , derelict land and housing .
the forum 's report highlights [help] that is need to help plan waste management , the production and conservation of energy , protection of the natural and built environment , coastal development , minerals , derelict land and housing .

They drew on government legislation , park plans , guidance from statutory bodies , such as the Countryside Council for Wales , and common sense in presenting their opposing cases to the full conference on the last day for a decision .
they drew on government legislation , park plans , [help] from statutory bodies , such as the countryside council for wales , and common sense in presenting their opposing cases to the full conference on the last day for a decision .

Designed to help those fighting quarrying and opencast proposals , the course will examine Government planning guidance and local decision-making procedures .
designed to help those fighting quarrying and opencast proposals , the course will examine government planning [help] and local decision-making procedures .

In many student crises Marivate sought God 's guidance and spoke out .
in many student crises marivate sought god 's [help] and spoke out .

He asked us to call a group together , black and white , to meet with him for two days to seek God 's guidance together .
he asked us to call a group together , black and white , to meet with him for two days to seek god 's [help] together .

After much frank and passionate talk we listened in quiet for God 's guidance .
after much frank and passionate talk we listened in quiet for god 's [help] .

John Wrathall , called the whole nation to pray for God 's guidance .
john wrathall , called the whole nation to pray for god 's [help] .

There are many signs that Ian Smith himself is seeking for this guidance .
there are many signs that ian smith himself is seeking for this [help] .

Jock Thompson , the head of Meikles Trust in Bulawayo , told us of a talk he had with him on the guidance of God .
jock thompson , the head of meikles trust in bulawayo , told us of a talk he had with him on the [help] of god .

We write this so fully because we need and should value any guidance you can send us .
we write this so fully because we need and should value any [help] you can send us .

We are seeking God 's guidance about the time to go to Caux .
we are seeking god 's [help] about the time to go to caux .

It should also offer living experience of the life of faith — in the way it is organised and in the relationship of those who work and learn there , in its approach to pastoral care and guidance , liturgy , extra-curricular work , to discipline and to a concern and appropriate approach for those with special needs .
it should also offer living experience of the life of faith — in the way it is organised and in the relationship of those who work and learn there , in its approach to pastoral care and [help] , liturgy , extra-curricular work , to discipline and to a concern and appropriate approach for those with special needs .

On specific issues Catholic moral teaching would give specific guidance .
on specific issues catholic moral teaching would give specific [help] .

It does not content itself with giving guidance in the form of general principles , codes or rules .
it does not content itself with giving [help] in the form of general principles , codes or rules .

The convention , which has been proposed by Greenpeace , would not so much be concerned with enforcement and punishment but " would be more a guidance framework to be introduced into the thinking of governments " , declared Richard Falk , professor of international law at Harvard University and one of the keynote speakers at the conference .
the convention , which has been proposed by greenpeace , would not so much be concerned with enforcement and punishment but " would be more a [help] framework to be introduced into the thinking of governments " , declared richard falk , professor of international law at harvard university and one of the keynote speakers at the conference .

As visitors will be well aware , the Royal Museum of Scotland in Chambers Street is in the grip of an extensive programme of building repairs which are being carried out under the guidance of the Buildings Branch .
as visitors will be well aware , the royal museum of scotland in chambers street is in the grip of an extensive programme of building repairs which are being carried out under the [help] of the buildings branch .

On Monday 18th June sixty people met in Painters ' Hall in the City to take part in a ‘ tutored wine tasting ’ of sparkling wines , under the most knowledgeable guidance of Pamela Vandyke Price , author and wine journalist of fabulous expertise , whose distinctions include having been the first woman admitted on equal terms into the male-dominated world of wine .
on monday 18th june sixty people met in painters ' hall in the city to take part in a ‘ tutored wine tasting ’ of sparkling wines , under the most knowledgeable [help] of pamela vandyke price , author and wine journalist of fabulous expertise , whose distinctions include having been the first woman admitted on equal terms into the male-dominated world of wine .

Halford Mackinder Professorship of Geography : memorandum of guidance for candidates and electors
halford mackinder professorship of geography : memorandum of [help] for candidates and electors

Professorship of the Archaeology of the Roman Empire : memorandum of guidance for candidates and electors
professorship of the archaeology of the roman empire : memorandum of [help] for candidates and electors

The duties of the professor are , in summary , to pursue original research in the archaeology and art of Rome and its empire ; to give in each academic year at least 36 lectures and classes ; to promote the study of Roman Art and Archaeology at undergraduate level both in the Honour School of Literae Humaniores and related joint schools and in the new Honour School of Archaeology and Anthropology ; to play a leading part in the guidance , supervision , encouragement and examination of graduate students ; and also , when requested to take part in undergraduate examinations .
the duties of the professor are , in summary , to pursue original research in the archaeology and art of rome and its empire ; to give in each academic year at least 36 lectures and classes ; to promote the study of roman art and archaeology at undergraduate level both in the honour school of literae humaniores and related joint schools and in the new honour school of archaeology and anthropology ; to play a leading part in the [help] , supervision , encouragement and examination of graduate students ; and also , when requested to take part in undergraduate examinations .

Coulson Professorship of Theoretical Chemistry : memorandum of guidance for candidates and electors
coulson professorship of theoretical chemistry : memorandum of [help] for candidates and electors

According to Environment Secretary Michael Heseltine , the committee will be responsible for advising the government on issues such as environmental regulation , and for providing guidance to the business community .
according to environment secretary michael heseltine , the committee will be responsible for advising the government on issues such as environmental regulation , and for providing [help] to the business community .

This contains a formula offers guidance note .
this contains a formula offers [help] note .

Financial advisers must also be mindful of conflicts of interests , and a guidance note on this topic is contained in Appendix 3 to the Code .
financial advisers must also be mindful of conflicts of interests , and a [help] note on this topic is contained in appendix 3 to the code .

However , the general precedents often contain little or no guidance about when to use a particular form , or why a particular term is drafted in a particular way ( although many firms ' own in-house precedents are accompanied by a commentary explaining the terms and offering suggestions for modifications ) .
however , the general precedents often contain little or no [help] about when to use a particular form , or why a particular term is drafted in a particular way ( although many firms ' own in-house precedents are accompanied by a commentary explaining the terms and offering suggestions for modifications ) .

There is now a growing body of literature containing guidance on and precedents of particular types of clause , such as Yates and Hawkins ' Standard Business Contracts : Exclusions and Related Devices ; however , such works tend to deal with only one particular type of clause , although in great depth .
there is now a growing body of literature containing [help] on and precedents of particular types of clause , such as yates and hawkins ' standard business contracts : exclusions and related devices ; however , such works tend to deal with only one particular type of clause , although in great depth .

However , whilst the decided cases may offer some guidance as to the general approach , their precedent value is limited because each case turns on its own circumstances .
however , whilst the decided cases may offer some [help] as to the general approach , their precedent value is limited because each case turns on its own circumstances .

The introductory narratorial simile provides essential guidance to the reader ; its disappearance reminds us that the peoples ' limited linguistic resources do not permit comparison .
the introductory narratorial simile provides essential [help] to the reader ; its disappearance reminds us that the peoples ' limited linguistic resources do not permit comparison .

The Law Society 's non-contentious business committee has given guidance on this subject , referring to its careful consideration in Cordery on Solicitors ( 8th ed , 1988 , Butterworths , p99 ) .
the law society 's non-contentious business committee has given [help] on this subject , referring to its careful consideration in cordery on solicitors ( 8th ed , 1988 , butterworths , p99 ) .

Little guidance is given in legislation as where precisely to draw the line between business and private sales .
little [help] is given in legislation as where precisely to draw the line between business and private sales .

Some guidance as to the requirement of reasonableness has emerged from the House of Lords in George Mitchell ( Chesterhall ) Ltd v Finney Lock Seeds Ltd ( 1983 ) ( the facts of which are set out in Chapter 4 ) .
some [help] as to the requirement of reasonableness has emerged from the house of lords in george mitchell ( chesterhall ) ltd v finney lock seeds ltd ( 1983 ) ( the facts of which are set out in chapter 4 ) .

There is no guidance as to the meaning of suitability or what level of information should have been obtained from the investor .
there is no [help] as to the meaning of suitability or what level of information should have been obtained from the investor .

The Department of Health has published nine separate volumes of guidance on the Children Act .
the department of health has published nine separate volumes of [help] on the children act .

Before embarking on care proceedings a local authority should always consider whether it could improve the family situation sufficiently by the provision of services on a voluntary basis ( Guidance , vol 1 , para 3.11 ) .
before embarking on care proceedings a local authority should always consider whether it could improve the family situation sufficiently by the provision of services on a voluntary basis ( [help] , vol 1 , para 3.11 ) .

Paragraphs 2.7 to 2.9 of Volume 2 of The Children Act 1989 Guidance and Regulations explain how local authorities should carry out an assessment of need .
paragraphs 2.7 to 2.9 of volume 2 of the children act 1989 [help] and regulations explain how local authorities should carry out an assessment of need .

Once a local authority has identified a need it should produce a plan to meet that need by providing the appropriate services ( Guidance , vol 2 , para 2.10 ) .
once a local authority has identified a need it should produce a plan to meet that need by providing the appropriate services ( [help] , vol 2 , para 2.10 ) .

Nevertheless , the Guidance suggests that local authorities review service provision plans for children in need in the same way as they are required by regulation to review their plans for children they are looking after ( see Chapter 16 , 8 ) .
nevertheless , the [help] suggests that local authorities review service provision plans for children in need in the same way as they are required by regulation to review their plans for children they are looking after ( see chapter 16 , 8 ) .

It can include nurseries , playgroups , child minding schemes , parent and toddler groups , toy libraries , drop-in centres and playbuses ( Guidance , vol 2 , paras 3.11 – 3.17 ) .
it can include nurseries , playgroups , child minding schemes , parent and toddler groups , toy libraries , drop-in centres and playbuses ( [help] , vol 2 , paras 3.11 – 3.17 ) .

Good practice requires local authorities to give full consideration to the views of parents and children when deciding whether or not to offer day care services to children in need ( Guidance , vol 2 , para 3.5 ) .
good practice requires local authorities to give full consideration to the views of parents and children when deciding whether or not to offer day care services to children in need ( [help] , vol 2 , para 3.5 ) .

The Guidance identifies three main types of family centre : the therapeutic centre where skilled workers carry out intensive casework with families ; the community centre where local voluntary groups provide a neighbourhood meeting place for particular activities and the self-help centre often run on co-operative lines to provide an informal support service for families ( Guidance , vol 2 , para 3.20 ) .
the [help] identifies three main types of family centre : the therapeutic centre where skilled workers carry out intensive casework with families ; the community centre where local voluntary groups provide a neighbourhood meeting place for particular activities and the self-help centre often run on co-operative lines to provide an informal support service for families ( [help] , vol 2 , para 3.20 ) .

( d ) Support at home Local authorities must make appropriate provision for the following services to be available to children in need who are living with their families ( Sched 2 , para 8 ) : ( i ) advice , guidance and counselling ; ( ii ) occupational , social , cultural and recreational activities ; ( iii ) home help ( including laundry facilities ) ; ( iv ) transport or assistance with travel expenses to and from the home so that the child may take advantage of any service offered ; ( v ) assistance to enable the child and his family to have a holiday .
( d ) support at home local authorities must make appropriate provision for the following services to be available to children in need who are living with their families ( sched 2 , para 8 ) : ( i ) advice , [help] and counselling ; ( ii ) occupational , social , cultural and recreational activities ; ( iii ) home help ( including laundry facilities ) ; ( iv ) transport or assistance with travel expenses to and from the home so that the child may take advantage of any service offered ; ( v ) assistance to enable the child and his family to have a holiday .

As a matter of good practice , local authorities should consider using this power as an alternative to removing the child under an emergency protection order ( Guidance , vol 1 , para 4.31 ) .
as a matter of good practice , local authorities should consider using this power as an alternative to removing the child under an emergency protection order ( [help] , vol 1 , para 4.31 ) .

The local authority must formulate a plan for the child after consultation with all those concerned ( Guidance , vol 2 , para 3.32 ) .
the local authority must formulate a plan for the child after consultation with all those concerned ( [help] , vol 2 , para 3.32 ) .

The Guidance ( vol 2 , para 4.86 ) also requires local authorities to consider review , as a matter of good practice , following an unsuccessful application for a court order .
the [help] ( vol 2 , para 4.86 ) also requires local authorities to consider review , as a matter of good practice , following an unsuccessful application for a court order .

This may pose particular problems in child abuse cases and The Law Society 's Guide on Confidentiality and Privilege — Child Abuse and Abduction ( published in the Law Society Professional Standards Bulletin No 5 ) offers guidance to the profession .
this may pose particular problems in child abuse cases and the law society 's guide on confidentiality and privilege — child abuse and abduction ( published in the law society professional standards bulletin no 5 ) offers [help] to the profession .

Adherence to the Cleveland principles on interviewing and the Home Office guidance on the use of video technology should enhance the evidential value of the video recorded interview in proceedings under the Children Act 1989 .
adherence to the cleveland principles on interviewing and the home office [help] on the use of video technology should enhance the evidential value of the video recorded interview in proceedings under the children act 1989 .

In the Guidance ( vol 1 , para 4.63 ) it is suggested that assessments be undertaken by professionals agreed between the parties or selected by the guardian ad litem .
in the [help] ( vol 1 , para 4.63 ) it is suggested that assessments be undertaken by professionals agreed between the parties or selected by the guardian ad litem .

Where possible , legal advice should also be on hand ( the Guidance para 3.12 ) .
where possible , legal advice should also be on hand ( the [help] para 3.12 ) .

The Guidance states : no decision to initiate proceedings should be taken without clear evidence that provision of services for the child and his family ( which may include an accommodation placement voluntarily arranged under s20 ) has failed or would be likely to fail to meet the child 's needs adequately and that there is no suitable person prepared to apply to take over care of the child under a residence order ( para 3.10 ) .
the [help] states : no decision to initiate proceedings should be taken without clear evidence that provision of services for the child and his family ( which may include an accommodation placement voluntarily arranged under s20 ) has failed or would be likely to fail to meet the child 's needs adequately and that there is no suitable person prepared to apply to take over care of the child under a residence order ( para 3.10 ) .

Failure to follow this guidance will not invalidate any subsequent proceedings but may clearly influence the court when it applies the principle in s1(5) of the Act and considers whether an order would be better for the child than no order at all .
failure to follow this [help] will not invalidate any subsequent proceedings but may clearly influence the court when it applies the principle in s1(5) of the act and considers whether an order would be better for the child than no order at all .

The term `` significant `` is not defined in the Act but some guidance is given .
the term `` significant `` is not defined in the act but some [help] is given .

The Guidance tells us that `` minor shortcomings in health care or minor deficits in physical , psychological or social development `` should not justify proceedings unless they are having , or are likely to have , `` serious and lasting effects on the child `` ( para 3.21 ) .
the [help] tells us that `` minor shortcomings in health care or minor deficits in physical , psychological or social development `` should not justify proceedings unless they are having , or are likely to have , `` serious and lasting effects on the child `` ( para 3.21 ) .

" Care " is not defined in the Act but according to the Guidance it " must mean providing for the child 's health and total development ( physical , intellectual , emotional , social and behavioural ) and not just having physical charge of him " ( para 3.23 ) .
" care " is not defined in the act but according to the [help] it " must mean providing for the child 's health and total development ( physical , intellectual , emotional , social and behavioural ) and not just having physical charge of him " ( para 3.23 ) .

Whatever plans the local authority may have the court will have in mind the underlying philosophy of the Act that `` children are best looked after within the family with both parents playing a full part and without resort to legal proceedings `` ( Guidance , vol 1 , para 1.5 ) .
whatever plans the local authority may have the court will have in mind the underlying philosophy of the act that `` children are best looked after within the family with both parents playing a full part and without resort to legal proceedings `` ( [help] , vol 1 , para 1.5 ) .

Findings of fact should not be binding on the court at the final hearing and should not be regarded as prejudicial to any of the parties to the proceedings ( Guidance , vol 1 , para 3.37 ) .
findings of fact should not be binding on the court at the final hearing and should not be regarded as prejudicial to any of the parties to the proceedings ( [help] , vol 1 , para 3.37 ) .

The Guidance tells us that interim orders represent a substantial , if temporary , intervention in the child 's life and `` should not be regarded as routine parts of an application for a full care or supervision order `` ( vol 1 , para 3.38 ) .
the [help] tells us that interim orders represent a substantial , if temporary , intervention in the child 's life and `` should not be regarded as routine parts of an application for a full care or supervision order `` ( vol 1 , para 3.38 ) .

The Guidance , para 3.44 suggests that this requirement may be met `` by considering any change in circumstances , any new evidence that may have come to light and any other relevant matter that may cast doubt on the benefit of a new order `` .
the [help] , para 3.44 suggests that this requirement may be met `` by considering any change in circumstances , any new evidence that may have come to light and any other relevant matter that may cast doubt on the benefit of a new order `` .

If consent is withheld the doctor ( or assessor ) is advised to report the matter back to the court , via the guardian ad litem , so that the court may reconsider the position ( Guidance , vol 1 , para 3.51 ) .
if consent is withheld the doctor ( or assessor ) is advised to report the matter back to the court , via the guardian ad litem , so that the court may reconsider the position ( [help] , vol 1 , para 3.51 ) .

For these reasons the Guidance describes the interim residence order as " an attractive alternative to the interim care order " and urges local authorities to " weigh carefully the pros and cons of such an arrangement " ( para 3.42 ) .
for these reasons the [help] describes the interim residence order as " an attractive alternative to the interim care order " and urges local authorities to " weigh carefully the pros and cons of such an arrangement " ( para 3.42 ) .

The Guidance says that where they intend `` to limit the way in which a parent meets his responsibility this should be discussed with the parent and incorporated in the plan of arrangements for the child whilst in care so that it may be subject to periodic review `` ( para 3.68 ) .
the [help] says that where they intend `` to limit the way in which a parent meets his responsibility this should be discussed with the parent and incorporated in the plan of arrangements for the child whilst in care so that it may be subject to periodic review `` ( para 3.68 ) .

Some guidance may therefore be obtained from the cases .
some [help] may therefore be obtained from the cases .

Where the status of a provision is not made clear , for example in a notice or bulletin , it may be difficult to tell whether it is a rule , guidance , a recommendation , or a general comment .
where the status of a provision is not made clear , for example in a notice or bulletin , it may be difficult to tell whether it is a rule , [help] , a recommendation , or a general comment .

My personal feeling is that it would be a brave student indeed who would take on such a wide-ranging and non-traditional approach to literary studies without at least the understanding of tutors , and preferably with their co-operation and guidance .
my personal feeling is that it would be a brave student indeed who would take on such a wide-ranging and non-traditional approach to literary studies without at least the understanding of tutors , and preferably with their co-operation and [help] .

Familiarity with the Law Society 's Civil Litigation Committee 's Guide to Good Practice and other guidance ( eg on medical reports and structured settlements ) as published .
familiarity with the law society 's civil litigation committee 's guide to good practice and other [help] ( eg on medical reports and structured settlements ) as published .

However , there are a number of organisations to whom a practitioner can turn for guidance as to the best expert to instruct in a particular case .
however , there are a number of organisations to whom a practitioner can turn for [help] as to the best expert to instruct in a particular case .

Enclose an initial questionnaire , together with some guidance as to what sort of information you require .
enclose an initial questionnaire , together with some [help] as to what sort of information you require .

It requires newspapers who wish to publish stories about a matter some aspect of which is affected by an injunction against another publication to apply to the court for guidance on whether their story trespasses upon the order in existence — a procedure calculated to give High Court judges a good deal of experience in editing newspapers .
it requires newspapers who wish to publish stories about a matter some aspect of which is affected by an injunction against another publication to apply to the court for [help] on whether their story trespasses upon the order in existence — a procedure calculated to give high court judges a good deal of experience in editing newspapers .

In the first case in which such guidance was received , the jury returned with a new British and Commonwealth record of £1.5 million , against an author who had attacked Lord Aldington as a `` war criminal `` over his role in the forcible repatriation of Cossacks to their deaths at the end of the second World War .
in the first case in which such [help] was received , the jury returned with a new british and commonwealth record of £1.5 million , against an author who had attacked lord aldington as a `` war criminal `` over his role in the forcible repatriation of cossacks to their deaths at the end of the second world war .

In the hands of juries , without meaningful guidance from judges , they have become entirely unpredictable .
in the hands of juries , without meaningful [help] from judges , they have become entirely unpredictable .

The Court of Appeal overturned the award but no clear guidance emerged from its judgment ( see p.34 ) .
the court of appeal overturned the award but no clear [help] emerged from its judgment ( see p.34 ) .

He would think judges should retain the power to overrule past judicial decisions , if they were especially ill-advised , even when they were clear enough to provide crisp guidance to litigants .
he would think judges should retain the power to overrule past judicial decisions , if they were especially ill-advised , even when they were clear enough to provide crisp [help] to litigants .

As those Marxists were receiving guidance and money from a party and government which declared their dedication to the destruction of `` the MacDonalds and the Hendersons `` ( as already of `` the Kerenskys and the Martovs `` ) this exclusion was hardly surprising .
as those marxists were receiving [help] and money from a party and government which declared their dedication to the destruction of `` the macdonalds and the hendersons `` ( as already of `` the kerenskys and the martovs `` ) this exclusion was hardly surprising .

Each pupil will choose , under guidance of a teacher , a particular area of investigation .
each pupil will choose , under [help] of a teacher , a particular area of investigation .

If users have little experience of using videocassette recorders or tape-slide equipment , a decision may have to be made on whether to ignore sources such as videocassettes or tape-slide sets which may be relevant to the database or to include such materials but ensure that help and guidance are available when the equipment is needed .
if users have little experience of using videocassette recorders or tape-slide equipment , a decision may have to be made on whether to ignore sources such as videocassettes or tape-slide sets which may be relevant to the database or to include such materials but ensure that help and [help] are available when the equipment is needed .

That being the case , the users of the future will continue to turn to intermediaries , information specialists , for guidance and help .
that being the case , the users of the future will continue to turn to intermediaries , information specialists , for [help] and help .

Easy to load and difficult to crash software is vital in a multi-work station class , as it releases the teacher to provide intellectual guidance rather than simply providing the services of a technician .
easy to load and difficult to crash software is vital in a multi-work station class , as it releases the teacher to provide intellectual [help] rather than simply providing the services of a technician .

Local authorities are urged to provide guidance about suitable locations for small firms , and generally not to interfere with market forces .
local authorities are urged to provide [help] about suitable locations for small firms , and generally not to interfere with market forces .

It is accepted that ‘ noise from mineral workings is often a particular concern for those living near a site ’ , but a ( non-mandatory ) code of practice ‘ will provide useful guidance ’ .
it is accepted that ‘ noise from mineral workings is often a particular concern for those living near a site ’ , but a ( non-mandatory ) code of practice ‘ will provide useful [help] ’ .

They have a long history of use in planning practice , there is a wide measure of consensus about their use in control and , where covered by policy , it tends to be as broad , flexible statements in structure or local plans , amplified in detail in supplementary planning guidance .
they have a long history of use in planning practice , there is a wide measure of consensus about their use in control and , where covered by policy , it tends to be as broad , flexible statements in structure or local plans , amplified in detail in supplementary planning [help] .

Finally , clearer guidance from central government is required , and appeal decisions should be consistent with exhortations .
finally , clearer [help] from central government is required , and appeal decisions should be consistent with exhortations .

First , ‘ listing ’ is intended to provide guidance to local planning authorities in carrying out their planning functions .
first , ‘ listing ’ is intended to provide [help] to local planning authorities in carrying out their planning functions .

Indeed , ministerial guidance has emphasised the need for a positive and comprehensive approach .
indeed , ministerial [help] has emphasised the need for a positive and comprehensive approach .

Some of the difficulties , however , could clearly very often be reduced , or the woman 's ability to cope with them enhanced by being introduced to helping resources grants for home improvements , arrangements to pay off debts in more manageable ways , or marriage guidance counselling .
some of the difficulties , however , could clearly very often be reduced , or the woman 's ability to cope with them enhanced by being introduced to helping resources grants for home improvements , arrangements to pay off debts in more manageable ways , or marriage [help] counselling .

The measure of social interaction rated the availability of six provisions of social relationships : attachment , social integration , opportunity for nurturing others , reassurance of worth , a sense of reliable alliance and the obtaining of help and guidance .
the measure of social interaction rated the availability of six provisions of social relationships : attachment , social integration , opportunity for nurturing others , reassurance of worth , a sense of reliable alliance and the obtaining of help and [help] .

Robins came across the intact records of a child guidance clinic in St Louis , of children who had been in trouble between 1924 and 1929 .
robins came across the intact records of a child [help] clinic in st louis , of children who had been in trouble between 1924 and 1929 .

Altogether she followed up 345 white American children who had been referred to the child guidance clinic for anti-social behaviour , 130 other referrals and 100 individuals who had attended neighbouring elementary schools who had not been referred for any specialist help , and who therefore provided a comparison group .
altogether she followed up 345 white american children who had been referred to the child [help] clinic for anti-social behaviour , 130 other referrals and 100 individuals who had attended neighbouring elementary schools who had not been referred for any specialist help , and who therefore provided a comparison group .

prognosis for children referred for anti-social behaviour is much less promising than that for children referred to child guidance units for other reasons .
prognosis for children referred for anti-social behaviour is much less promising than that for children referred to child [help] units for other reasons .

Some of these factors can be found in the descriptions provided by Robins ( 1966 ) of the childhood histories of the child guidance patients who later developed psychiatric problems .
some of these factors can be found in the descriptions provided by robins ( 1966 ) of the childhood histories of the child [help] patients who later developed psychiatric problems .

For instance , apart from the group labelled ‘ other neurotics ’ , a high rate of broken homes was characteristic of the whole group of adults with disorders when compared to child guidance patients found to be well as adults .
for instance , apart from the group labelled ‘ other neurotics ’ , a high rate of broken homes was characteristic of the whole group of adults with disorders when compared to child [help] patients found to be well as adults .

The aim of coping responses in event-producing situations ( arrow d , Figure 7.1 ) must be either to reduce the likelihood that a severe event will occur ( perhaps by seeking marriage guidance counselling to help resolve marital difficulties ) , or to prepare oneself emotionally for the distressing event which is likely or certain to occur ( compulsory redundancy , say ) .
the aim of coping responses in event-producing situations ( arrow d , figure 7.1 ) must be either to reduce the likelihood that a severe event will occur ( perhaps by seeking marriage [help] counselling to help resolve marital difficulties ) , or to prepare oneself emotionally for the distressing event which is likely or certain to occur ( compulsory redundancy , say ) .

Two other types of bond are relationships organised around investments in the welfare of another ( ordinarily one 's own children ) ; and relationships organised around an acceptance of someone as a valid source of support and guidance — the boss at work , the general practitioner perhaps , or the vicar ( Weiss , 1982 ) .
two other types of bond are relationships organised around investments in the welfare of another ( ordinarily one 's own children ) ; and relationships organised around an acceptance of someone as a valid source of support and [help] — the boss at work , the general practitioner perhaps , or the vicar ( weiss , 1982 ) .

Parkes 's ( 1980 ) review of random allocation bereavement counselling studies indicated that guidance offered to such socially isolated individuals by trained professionals ( or volunteers backed by professionals ) could reduce their psychiatric risk ( see chapter 9 ) .
parkes 's ( 1980 ) review of random allocation bereavement counselling studies indicated that [help] offered to such socially isolated individuals by trained professionals ( or volunteers backed by professionals ) could reduce their psychiatric risk ( see chapter 9 ) .

In a couple of seasons the younger players in the side should have come on considerably and be contributing regularly — it is then players like Rocky would come into their own , providing the guidance and experience that people like Strach have been doing .
in a couple of seasons the younger players in the side should have come on considerably and be contributing regularly — it is then players like rocky would come into their own , providing the [help] and experience that people like strach have been doing .

It 's therefore to give too much credit to Wilko on their developement although their play did improve greatly under his guidance .
it 's therefore to give too much credit to wilko on their developement although their play did improve greatly under his [help] .

Indeed , it is this last advantage which is most useful in giving guidance to performers of works other than these three , since if particular tempos can be found to be frequently associated with particular verbal instructions , these may acquire more precise meanings for other works , at least for those by the same composer ( see table 2 ) .
indeed , it is this last advantage which is most useful in giving [help] to performers of works other than these three , since if particular tempos can be found to be frequently associated with particular verbal instructions , these may acquire more precise meanings for other works , at least for those by the same composer ( see table 2 ) .

He could be genuinely offering her his guidance around the exposition or he could be offering her guidance in the art of something else !
he could be genuinely offering her his [help] around the exposition or he could be offering her [help] in the art of something else !

The application of the plate tectonics model to problems of Earth structure and topography are considered in the following two chapters and guidance to further reading will be found there .
the application of the plate tectonics model to problems of earth structure and topography are considered in the following two chapters and [help] to further reading will be found there .

The core question of the case , as far as this paper is concerned , was , whether the Defendants had failed to comply ‘ with the statutory requirements and whether the guidelines are reasonable or sufficiently clear as to provide adequate guidance to personnel employed by the Defendants in their maintenance and preservation of federal records ? The other issue was whether the United States Archivist has fulfilled his statutory duties … ’ ( Judge Richey 's introduction to the Appeal Court decision ) .
the core question of the case , as far as this paper is concerned , was , whether the defendants had failed to comply ‘ with the statutory requirements and whether the guidelines are reasonable or sufficiently clear as to provide adequate [help] to personnel employed by the defendants in their maintenance and preservation of federal records ? the other issue was whether the united states archivist has fulfilled his statutory duties … ’ ( judge richey 's introduction to the appeal court decision ) .

The Court also stressed that , without professional guidance , agency staff were inclined to dispose of records recording their mistakes or not to think of information retention at all .
the court also stressed that , without professional [help] , agency staff were inclined to dispose of records recording their mistakes or not to think of information retention at all .

As the name suggests , these Guidelines are not intended to be binding or prescriptive , but rather to provide impartial guidance for the perplexed .
as the name suggests , these guidelines are not intended to be binding or prescriptive , but rather to provide impartial [help] for the perplexed .

But neither the autocracy of the family nor the small-scale operations of craft industry and merchant business provided much guidance for really large capitalist organisation .
but neither the autocracy of the family nor the small-scale operations of craft industry and merchant business provided much [help] for really large capitalist organisation .

Doubts could arise only about matters of , as it were , taste , such as manners and morals , where simple quantitative accumulation provided no guidance There could be no question that men in 1860 knew more than ever before , but whether they were ‘ better ’ could not be demonstrated in the same way .
doubts could arise only about matters of , as it were , taste , such as manners and morals , where simple quantitative accumulation provided no [help] there could be no question that men in 1860 knew more than ever before , but whether they were ‘ better ’ could not be demonstrated in the same way .

Where automatic directions become applicable the court sends out " Notes for guidance on automatic directions " to all parties .
where automatic directions become applicable the court sends out " notes for [help] on automatic directions " to all parties .

We have already pointed out that there can be no claim by dependants for grief or for loss of society of the deceased nor can there be any claim on behalf of the children for loss of a mother 's love , guidance and influence .
we have already pointed out that there can be no claim by dependants for grief or for loss of society of the deceased nor can there be any claim on behalf of the children for loss of a mother 's love , [help] and influence .

The note at para 29/11/2 of the 1993 White Book now gives some further guidance .
the note at para 29/11/2 of the 1993 white book now gives some further [help] .

The interested reader is invited to dip into `` Organisation and Management of a Solicitor 's Practice `` ( Longman , 1980 , updated to 1991 ) for guidance in these respects .
the interested reader is invited to dip into `` organisation and management of a solicitor 's practice `` ( longman , 1980 , updated to 1991 ) for [help] in these respects .

They may provide : ( 1 ) no guidance at all , or ( 2 ) the right to make submissions , or even ( 3 ) full details of the procedure with time limits .
they may provide : ( 1 ) no [help] at all , or ( 2 ) the right to make submissions , or even ( 3 ) full details of the procedure with time limits .

Purchasers and vendors who are listed companies should seek guidance from their solicitors and other professional advisers concerning Stock Exchange requirements at a very early stage in any transaction .
purchasers and vendors who are listed companies should seek [help] from their solicitors and other professional advisers concerning stock exchange requirements at a very early stage in any transaction .

If part or all of the consideration is to be determined after completion , such as an earn-out or completion accounts ( see pages 43 – 47 ) , the parties should seek guidance from the Stock Exchange who in turn will wish to ask the parties ' financial advisers to elaborate on the expected consideration .
if part or all of the consideration is to be determined after completion , such as an earn-out or completion accounts ( see pages 43 – 47 ) , the parties should seek [help] from the stock exchange who in turn will wish to ask the parties ' financial advisers to elaborate on the expected consideration .

GPs ask for guidance on ozone depletion
gps ask for [help] on ozone depletion

The House of Commons did not itself govern , but government was carried on within the confines of its guidance and approval .
the house of commons did not itself govern , but government was carried on within the confines of its [help] and approval .

The external demands on government are such that it can often act only as arbiter between competing demands and respond , under guidance from civil servants , to international events and trends over which it has no direct influence .
the external demands on government are such that it can often act only as arbiter between competing demands and respond , under [help] from civil servants , to international events and trends over which it has no direct influence .

All other things being equal therefore , a missile that used echoes for its guidance system would ideally produce very high-pitched sounds .
all other things being equal therefore , a missile that used echoes for its [help] system would ideally produce very high-pitched sounds .

Their fins and tail are freed for guidance and rapid propulsion .
their fins and tail are freed for [help] and rapid propulsion .

The reader apparently makes up his/her own mind about the character , or will be disposed to share the judgements of the narrator , without the guidance of intrusive narrative commentary .
the reader apparently makes up his/her own mind about the character , or will be disposed to share the judgements of the narrator , without the [help] of intrusive narrative commentary .

Although in a world under divine guidance their actions can be said to actualize the Lord 's will , these actions can also be seen as the expression of women 's resentment and rebellion .
although in a world under divine [help] their actions can be said to actualize the lord 's will , these actions can also be seen as the expression of women 's resentment and rebellion .

The purpose of these laws was not only to provide guidance for the day-to-day running of the Israelite community , but to teach how a holy God was to be worshipped by a holy people .
the purpose of these laws was not only to provide [help] for the day-to-day running of the israelite community , but to teach how a holy god was to be worshipped by a holy people .

, detailed guidance was given for the preservation of ritual purity .
, detailed [help] was given for the preservation of ritual purity .

It is to these chapters that we turn for biblical guidance on the fundamental questions concerning God , man and the world .
it is to these chapters that we turn for biblical [help] on the fundamental questions concerning god , man and the world .

God 's guidance in the wilderness was a clear and visible reality .
god 's [help] in the wilderness was a clear and visible reality .

The next example offers even less guidance .
the next example offers even less [help] .

‘ The circumstances of our times ’ , he had then said in his Report to the Committee of the House of Commons on the Poor Laws , ‘ render a change in our internal policy respecting the poor and the working classes absolutely necessary ; and the first question to be decided by every man of all ranks is : shall the alteration be made under the guidance of moderation and wisdom , foreseeing and gradually preparing each step , one regularly after another , thereby preventing a single premature advance — or , shall the change be effected by ignorance and prejudice , under the baneful influence of [ anger and violence ] … .
‘ the circumstances of our times ’ , he had then said in his report to the committee of the house of commons on the poor laws , ‘ render a change in our internal policy respecting the poor and the working classes absolutely necessary ; and the first question to be decided by every man of all ranks is : shall the alteration be made under the [help] of moderation and wisdom , foreseeing and gradually preparing each step , one regularly after another , thereby preventing a single premature advance — or , shall the change be effected by ignorance and prejudice , under the baneful influence of [ anger and violence ] … .

In all these cases there is no guidance as to their application , or indication as to the procedures for establishing the necessary facts , or upon whom the burden of proof lies .
in all these cases there is no [help] as to their application , or indication as to the procedures for establishing the necessary facts , or upon whom the burden of proof lies .

The film was a Western , and without guidance Clara would have dismissed it as a childish frivolity , a glorified version of The Lone Ranger .
the film was a western , and without [help] clara would have dismissed it as a childish frivolity , a glorified version of the lone ranger .

And under his guidance countless little boys had learned how to set out their chess-men at the weekly meetings of the Chess Club .
and under his [help] countless little boys had learned how to set out their chess-men at the weekly meetings of the chess club .

Without the nuns the tone of the school would have been lower , but they maintained a discreet background presence and our spiritual as well as our academic guidance was delegated to a staff that were largely `` lay `` .
without the nuns the tone of the school would have been lower , but they maintained a discreet background presence and our spiritual as well as our academic [help] was delegated to a staff that were largely `` lay `` .

Guided by the tape , the student would examine his specimen , consult his workbook , compare with a slide , perform a task , consider implications and respond to questions ; he could stop the tape and replay it whenever he wished , and if he was really stuck he could seek guidance from a teaching assistant , or Dr Postlethwait , or a fellow student , or the library .
guided by the tape , the student would examine his specimen , consult his workbook , compare with a slide , perform a task , consider implications and respond to questions ; he could stop the tape and replay it whenever he wished , and if he was really stuck he could seek [help] from a teaching assistant , or dr postlethwait , or a fellow student , or the library .

The importance of such developments will be clear : planning for resource-based learning is a taxing and time-consuming activity for teachers , but if the work can be shared , if the expertise and creativity of colleagues can be made easily available , and if the teacher can have ready access to advice , guidance and encouragement , an important contribution has been made and some of the burden shifted .
the importance of such developments will be clear : planning for resource-based learning is a taxing and time-consuming activity for teachers , but if the work can be shared , if the expertise and creativity of colleagues can be made easily available , and if the teacher can have ready access to advice , [help] and encouragement , an important contribution has been made and some of the burden shifted .

requiring competent guidance and help with the variety of productive and reprographic equipment and facilities available , from the standpoints both of technical excellence and educational design .
requiring competent [help] and help with the variety of productive and reprographic equipment and facilities available , from the standpoints both of technical excellence and educational design .

Many of these questions fit very comfortably within that group of activities we call `` librarianship `` : the building up of collections of information materials , their organization for retrieval and use , the provision of suitable areas and facilities for prolonged study , the development of lending and reservation systems , of co-operative interlending procedures and networks , and the provision of full bibliographic and reference guidance .
many of these questions fit very comfortably within that group of activities we call `` librarianship `` : the building up of collections of information materials , their organization for retrieval and use , the provision of suitable areas and facilities for prolonged study , the development of lending and reservation systems , of co-operative interlending procedures and networks , and the provision of full bibliographic and reference [help] .

Individual `` reader guidance `` has high Priority .
individual `` reader [help] `` has high priority .

It is fairly easy for a library user to learn that a subject whose symbol is 623.4 will be found `` in the 600s `` , and some-where in between 623 and 624 ; and untrained assistants can after a little guidance cope with the shelving and filing problems .
it is fairly easy for a library user to learn that a subject whose symbol is 623.4 will be found `` in the 600s `` , and some-where in between 623 and 624 ; and untrained assistants can after a little [help] cope with the shelving and filing problems .

This is creative work and exciting work , but it is not a sentimental journey … The essence of personal guidance is tact and sensitivity ; it implies a knowledge of people and a knowledge of books , and a skilful marrying of the two .
this is creative work and exciting work , but it is not a sentimental journey … the essence of personal [help] is tact and sensitivity ; it implies a knowledge of people and a knowledge of books , and a skilful marrying of the two .

Supervision of , and bibliographic guidance in , private study and project work .
supervision of , and bibliographic [help] in , private study and project work .

It is here that team work gives extra support and guidance , providing a discussion framework in which such matters can be aired .
it is here that team work gives extra support and [help] , providing a discussion framework in which such matters can be aired .

Good schools have always regarded advice and guidance as part of the responsibilities of senior teachers , and department heads are chosen not only for their administrative abilities but also for their qualities of leadership in developing sound methodologies amongst their staff .
good schools have always regarded advice and [help] as part of the responsibilities of senior teachers , and department heads are chosen not only for their administrative abilities but also for their qualities of leadership in developing sound methodologies amongst their staff .

There is plenty of experience now of varied class patterns , students working individually or in pairs from work-cards or other guidance material , proceeding through a series of experiments calculated to introduce and reinforce processes , concepts and information , and doing so at their own pace .
there is plenty of experience now of varied class patterns , students working individually or in pairs from work-cards or other [help] material , proceeding through a series of experiments calculated to introduce and reinforce processes , concepts and information , and doing so at their own pace .

If some voters ' choices are determined by the lottery of surnames , others are channelled by specific guidance .
if some voters ' choices are determined by the lottery of surnames , others are channelled by specific [help] .

And , crucial to the direction in which the Report develops is the claim that both education and English should be properly conceived as offering guidance in the gaining of experience ; experience ( as will be seen ) which provides a necessary foundation for the development of a free humane identity both at the level of the individual and of society .
and , crucial to the direction in which the report develops is the claim that both education and english should be properly conceived as offering [help] in the gaining of experience ; experience ( as will be seen ) which provides a necessary foundation for the development of a free humane identity both at the level of the individual and of society .

Professional intellectuals , so trained , could place the symbolic force of the university under the `` guidance `` of a deeper `` inclusive and unifying purpose `` .
professional intellectuals , so trained , could place the symbolic force of the university under the `` [help] `` of a deeper `` inclusive and unifying purpose `` .

One approach was to attempt to revise the idea of a liberal education so that it might provide guidance as to the proper application of science within society .
one approach was to attempt to revise the idea of a liberal education so that it might provide [help] as to the proper application of science within society .

Nor can mosaic pavements offer any guidance , since their themes are commonly drawn from classical mythology .
nor can mosaic pavements offer any [help] , since their themes are commonly drawn from classical mythology .

The statute in pursuance of which the challenged action was done would provide guidance to the court as to what grievances were to be considered as giving a genuine cause for complaint .
the statute in pursuance of which the challenged action was done would provide [help] to the court as to what grievances were to be considered as giving a genuine cause for complaint .

Usually the statute would provide only limited guidance on the question of genuine grievance , and the court would have quite a bit of freedom in deciding which grievances were genuine .
usually the statute would provide only limited [help] on the question of genuine grievance , and the court would have quite a bit of freedom in deciding which grievances were genuine .

The only aspect of these questions on which the English cases give any guidance concerns the expertise or appropriateness of the representative .
the only aspect of these questions on which the english cases give any [help] concerns the expertise or appropriateness of the representative .

Do the cases give any more concrete guidance as to how this discretion might be exercised ?
do the cases give any more concrete [help] as to how this discretion might be exercised ?

Welfare as a discretionary standard contains contradictions and thus provides little guidance to the disposition of trouble cases .
welfare as a discretionary standard contains contradictions and thus provides little [help] to the disposition of trouble cases .

In the event that you or others named on your booking form suffer death , bodily injury or illness arising from an activity which does not form part of the services we have agreed to supply to your , then we shall through our Representatives or Agents offer you every reasonable assistance , including advice and guidance and may , depending upon particular circumstances and at our complete discretion , offer initial financial assistance up to a maximum of £5,000 per booking form .
in the event that you or others named on your booking form suffer death , bodily injury or illness arising from an activity which does not form part of the services we have agreed to supply to your , then we shall through our representatives or agents offer you every reasonable assistance , including advice and [help] and may , depending upon particular circumstances and at our complete discretion , offer initial financial assistance up to a maximum of £5,000 per booking form .

Here we find that the Gilberts , like many of the great American collectors , were looking for guidance from experienced art dealers in the field , mostly located in London .
here we find that the gilberts , like many of the great american collectors , were looking for [help] from experienced art dealers in the field , mostly located in london .

Studies have shown that given the support and guidance of a general practitioner , Nicorette can be a useful aid to stopping smoking , especially for more dependent smokers [ 4 ] .
studies have shown that given the support and [help] of a general practitioner , nicorette can be a useful aid to stopping smoking , especially for more dependent smokers [ 4 ] .

With guidance the client will learn to climb the ladder gradually starting at the bottom one rung at a time .
with [help] the client will learn to climb the ladder gradually starting at the bottom one rung at a time .

The Education ( Choice of Employment ) Bill 1910 inched towards the latter problem by enabling local authorities to provide vocational guidance for school-leavers ; in the following year the Board of Education gave grants for this purpose .
the education ( choice of employment ) bill 1910 inched towards the latter problem by enabling local authorities to provide vocational [help] for school-leavers ; in the following year the board of education gave grants for this purpose .

The purpose of this Directory is to bring together in one publication , information on the range of services provided and clear guidance on how to get further advice on the use of those services .
the purpose of this directory is to bring together in one publication , information on the range of services provided and clear [help] on how to get further advice on the use of those services .

The Training and Employment Agency is responsible for providing an all age guidance and placement service , careers advice and information on training opportunities .
the training and employment agency is responsible for providing an all age [help] and placement service , careers advice and information on training opportunities .

Jobclubs can give guidance on how to apply for jobs , interviewing techniques etc .
jobclubs can give [help] on how to apply for jobs , interviewing techniques etc .

Forth Valley Health Board has a major outbreak plan which offers staff guidance on how to recognise and report outbreaks of infection ( especially enteric illness ) and outlines the lines of communication and administration required .
forth valley health board has a major outbreak plan which offers staff [help] on how to recognise and report outbreaks of infection ( especially enteric illness ) and outlines the lines of communication and administration required .

‘ To give guidance ’ may , however , mean to some people giving advice and information , which is not how trained counsellors see their role .
‘ to give [help] ’ may , however , mean to some people giving advice and information , which is not how trained counsellors see their role .

Your bank is the place for guidance .
your bank is the place for [help] .

As a result , we have developed the Midland Student Service — a flexible , comprehensive range of products and services to help you when your finances are in a healthy state and when they 're not — giving you real value for money and continuous help and guidance throughout your period of study .
as a result , we have developed the midland student service — a flexible , comprehensive range of products and services to help you when your finances are in a healthy state and when they 're not — giving you real value for money and continuous help and [help] throughout your period of study .

Now you have read our leaflet , we 're sure you 'll agree that Midland has a lot to offer you — advice , guidance and direct financial assistance , where appropriate , from the day you start your course .
now you have read our leaflet , we 're sure you 'll agree that midland has a lot to offer you — advice , [help] and direct financial assistance , where appropriate , from the day you start your course .

we will provide you with a new schedule for your guidance but you do not have to complete it unless you want to .
we will provide you with a new schedule for your [help] but you do not have to complete it unless you want to .

If we think it necessary for you to seek further specialist guidance , we will be pleased to arrange a meeting(s) with other Midland Group experts .
if we think it necessary for you to seek further specialist [help] , we will be pleased to arrange a meeting(s) with other midland group experts .

If you are living or working abroad , other arrangements may apply , so please ask at your local Midland branch for guidance and full details .
if you are living or working abroad , other arrangements may apply , so please ask at your local midland branch for [help] and full details .

Guidance on the circumspection required in the day-to-day exercise of administrative powers is provided for civil servants in a booklet ominously entitled The Judge Over Your Shoulder .
[help] on the circumspection required in the day-to-day exercise of administrative powers is provided for civil servants in a booklet ominously entitled the judge over your shoulder .

Discussion then turned on [ sic ] the question whether the Government should give any guidance to the House on the merits of the issue , and whether Ministers should also be free to vote in accordance with their personal convictions .
discussion then turned on [ sic ] the question whether the government should give any [help] to the house on the merits of the issue , and whether ministers should also be free to vote in accordance with their personal convictions .

guidance and training for all relevant staff
[help] and training for all relevant staff

New guidance on sexual abuse of vulnerable adults
new [help] on sexual abuse of vulnerable adults

New DoH guidance on restraining children in care leaves some unanswered questions , reports Susan Clark
new doh [help] on restraining children in care leaves some unanswered questions , reports susan clark

Mixed feelings greeted the final draft of the restraint guidance , published last week after a series of long delays .
mixed feelings greeted the final draft of the restraint [help] , published last week after a series of long delays .

But some believe the DoH has stopped short of adequate advice , while others believe the new guidance opens up the system to abuse .
but some believe the doh has stopped short of adequate advice , while others believe the new [help] opens up the system to abuse .

The guidance states staff can now bar the exit of the home to stop residents leaving , and even use force to overpower them .
the [help] states staff can now bar the exit of the home to stop residents leaving , and even use force to overpower them .

The Children 's Society fears the new guidance could lead to ‘ pin-down ’ type regimes .
the children 's society fears the new [help] could lead to ‘ pin-down ’ type regimes .

Allan Levy , co-author of the Pin-down report , said the guidance should have been clearer .
allan levy , co-author of the pin-down report , said the [help] should have been clearer .

The need for guidance on restraint has been fed by the intense media attention on lack of control in homes , which is said to have allowed young people to abscond — such as the case of Sally Ann Catell , who was killed last month in Birmingham while driving a stolen car .
the need for [help] on restraint has been fed by the intense media attention on lack of control in homes , which is said to have allowed young people to abscond — such as the case of sally ann catell , who was killed last month in birmingham while driving a stolen car .

The DoH has issued the guidance to fill gaps in the Children Act , building on Volume 4 : Residential Care .
the doh has issued the [help] to fill gaps in the children act , building on volume 4 : residential care .

At the launch of the document , Guidance on Possible Forms of Control in Residential Care , Tim Yeo , junior health minister , explained it was not a reference manual giving explicit directions for care workers .
at the launch of the document , [help] on possible forms of control in residential care , tim yeo , junior health minister , explained it was not a reference manual giving explicit directions for care workers .

The guidance states how far staff may go. : ‘ The physical restraint is the positive application of force with the intention of overpowering the child . ’
the [help] states how far staff may go. : ‘ the physical restraint is the positive application of force with the intention of overpowering the child . ’

But Yeo emphasised the guidance was not meant to swing the pendulum back .
but yeo emphasised the [help] was not meant to swing the pendulum back .

The guidance warns that ‘ unreasonable ’ periods of time may constitute a restriction on liberty .
the [help] warns that ‘ unreasonable ’ periods of time may constitute a restriction on liberty .

New guidance from the Standing Conference on Drug Abuse , Alcohol Concern and the Local Government Drugs Forum with input from other specialists and the DoH , aims to help authorities look at the most effective and useful ways of assessing the needs of alcohol and drug misusers and managing their care .
new [help] from the standing conference on drug abuse , alcohol concern and the local government drugs forum with input from other specialists and the doh , aims to help authorities look at the most effective and useful ways of assessing the needs of alcohol and drug misusers and managing their care .

Elder abuse has not been a priority for research or for developing practice guidance for social workers and other staff who have direct contact with older people .
elder abuse has not been a priority for research or for developing practice [help] for social workers and other staff who have direct contact with older people .

Neither does it excuse the fact that SSDs have been woefully slow in producing practice guidance for staff .
neither does it excuse the fact that ssds have been woefully slow in producing practice [help] for staff .

Practice guidance and training are rare .
practice [help] and training are rare .

to call for all SSDs and SWDs to issue guidance to staff on identifying and dealing with elder abuse ;
to call for all ssds and swds to issue [help] to staff on identifying and dealing with elder abuse ;

All SSDs/SWDs to issue practice guidance for staff
all ssds/swds to issue practice [help] for staff

It may be an absolutely true statement , but it does nothing whatsoever to give any guidance as to the ways in which performance may be improved and merely passes a message down the line that those at the top do not want to know the bad news and would like to dissociate themselves from it .
it may be an absolutely true statement , but it does nothing whatsoever to give any [help] as to the ways in which performance may be improved and merely passes a message down the line that those at the top do not want to know the bad news and would like to dissociate themselves from it .

’ This approach was partly dictated by the committee 's terms of reference , which required it to take ‘ account of resource assumptions and other guidance which the Secretary of State … may give , ’ and by the fact that its secretariat was provided by the Department of Health 's Medical Manpower Executive .
’ this approach was partly dictated by the committee 's terms of reference , which required it to take ‘ account of resource assumptions and other [help] which the secretary of state … may give , ’ and by the fact that its secretariat was provided by the department of health 's medical manpower executive .

Voters depend much less on the cues and guidance given them by party workers and rely instead on television .
voters depend much less on the cues and [help] given them by party workers and rely instead on television .

The first such resolution is designed to provide coordination and guidance to the specialist , appropriations and tax-writing committees .
the first such resolution is designed to provide coordination and [help] to the specialist , appropriations and tax-writing committees .

For Lenin , the role of the Party was precisely to provide the guidance , the ‘ revolutionary theory ’ which Marxist analysis yielded .
for lenin , the role of the party was precisely to provide the [help] , the ‘ revolutionary theory ’ which marxist analysis yielded .

Robinson also cited the work of the commission 's judicial task force in recommending and helping to set up a scientific organization inside the Federal Judicial Center that will provide guidance for judges on the question of interpreting scientific evidence in court ( see page 481 ) .
robinson also cited the work of the commission 's judicial task force in recommending and helping to set up a scientific organization inside the federal judicial center that will provide [help] for judges on the question of interpreting scientific evidence in court ( see page 481 ) .

The government 's guidance on assessment and care management is loose enough to allow different interpretations .
the government 's [help] on assessment and care management is loose enough to allow different interpretations .

The teacher 's role here in providing the right amount of guidance in the investigation is most important , with room for wide differences of approach , particularly on the levels of demand to be placed on the pupil .
the teacher 's role here in providing the right amount of [help] in the investigation is most important , with room for wide differences of approach , particularly on the levels of demand to be placed on the pupil .

The novice teacher will require careful guidance through the option structure of the program with clear explanations and very limited demands in terms of making choices , if he is not to be distracted from the normal demands of teaching or even put off completely .
the novice teacher will require careful [help] through the option structure of the program with clear explanations and very limited demands in terms of making choices , if he is not to be distracted from the normal demands of teaching or even put off completely .

He will be able to handle a wider range of options with only mnemonic guidance — for him the minimum number of key-strokes for program control is appropriate .
he will be able to handle a wider range of options with only mnemonic [help] — for him the minimum number of key-strokes for program control is appropriate .

The other key aspects of teaching that it is useful to record are the level of demand that is placed on the pupil ( s ) at each stage and the amount of guidance that the teacher provides .
the other key aspects of teaching that it is useful to record are the level of demand that is placed on the pupil ( s ) at each stage and the amount of [help] that the teacher provides .

Level of guidance
level of [help]

Open — minimal guidance for the demand involved .
open — minimal [help] for the demand involved .

What was the guidance level ?
what was the [help] level ?

He has recorded both , with a clear picture of the demand levels on the pupil at each stage and of the guidance provided by the teacher .
he has recorded both , with a clear picture of the demand levels on the pupil at each stage and of the [help] provided by the teacher .

The client would usually be looking secretly for guidance , and would be likely not just to sell out of his Rolls Royce shares , but to reinvest his original £500 with any profit , plus say £1,000 further capital in the stock proposed .
the client would usually be looking secretly for [help] , and would be likely not just to sell out of his rolls royce shares , but to reinvest his original £500 with any profit , plus say £1,000 further capital in the stock proposed .

How often is their only guidance a vague wish to `` find out `` about something , be it dinosaurs , railways or whatever ?
how often is their only [help] a vague wish to `` find out `` about something , be it dinosaurs , railways or whatever ?

Some teachers gave ad hoc help to pupils in the use of reference books , but there appeared little systematic guidance given to pupils on the reading and study techniques required to make the most effective use of their time and efforts .
some teachers gave ad hoc help to pupils in the use of reference books , but there appeared little systematic [help] given to pupils on the reading and study techniques required to make the most effective use of their time and efforts .

They could not use it in real life … We conclude that children need help and guidance in a real context to convert the verbal knowledge to behavioural competence .
they could not use it in real life … we conclude that children need help and [help] in a real context to convert the verbal knowledge to behavioural competence .

The levels of expectation of the advisers and teachers under his guidance achieved memorable and wide-ranging results which , at that time , set the county apart in forward looking educational developments .
the levels of expectation of the advisers and teachers under his [help] achieved memorable and wide-ranging results which , at that time , set the county apart in forward looking educational developments .

Although prosecutions are rare , editors require some guidance as to whether action is likely to follow a particular disclosure .
although prosecutions are rare , editors require some [help] as to whether action is likely to follow a particular disclosure .

This informal guidance is given by the Defence , Press and Broadcasting Committee which is composed of representatives of government and media .
this informal [help] is given by the defence , press and broadcasting committee which is composed of representatives of government and media .

The Osthmotherly Memorandum of guidance to civil servants regarding the information they should reveal to such committees indicates the Government 's continuing concern to maintain confidentiality regarding the internal workings of government .
the osthmotherly memorandum of [help] to civil servants regarding the information they should reveal to such committees indicates the government 's continuing concern to maintain confidentiality regarding the internal workings of government .

The notes of guidance to the Code stress that the purpose of any interview is not necessarily to obtain an admission but to obtain from the suspect his explanation of the facts .
the notes of [help] to the code stress that the purpose of any interview is not necessarily to obtain an admission but to obtain from the suspect his explanation of the facts .

Sir Adam Thomson , the founder of British Caledonian , took the trouble to write back a most comprehensive letter , giving kindly guidance and suggesting that until Giles was old enough , he should gain useful experience in a related industry like travel .
sir adam thomson , the founder of british caledonian , took the trouble to write back a most comprehensive letter , giving kindly [help] and suggesting that until giles was old enough , he should gain useful experience in a related industry like travel .

The key benefit of the campaign should be highlighted , and guidance given on style and tone of voice .
the key benefit of the campaign should be highlighted , and [help] given on style and tone of voice .

You will not be left on your own to cope with any of these situations and should always ask for guidance if you are unsure .
you will not be left on your own to cope with any of these situations and should always ask for [help] if you are unsure .

To increase a regular use of the County exchange service and enlist the advice and guidance of County library staff .
to increase a regular use of the county exchange service and enlist the advice and [help] of county library staff .

For employers these goals are likely to include : — a collective guarantee of jobs with training , — a continuing commitment to monitoring progress of students in Compact schools , — support for careers guidance and counselling , — the provision of Work Experience placements , and secondments for teachers , — a commitment to supporting the range of schools/industry activities .
for employers these goals are likely to include : — a collective guarantee of jobs with training , — a continuing commitment to monitoring progress of students in compact schools , — support for careers [help] and counselling , — the provision of work experience placements , and secondments for teachers , — a commitment to supporting the range of schools/industry activities .

For schools , goals may include commitments : — to improve educational standards , — to increase the number of young people choosing to stay in education , — to develop close schools/industry links which will enhance curriculum development , — to provide careers guidance and counselling , — to arrange Work Experience for all young people , — to provide records of achievement for all young people .
for schools , goals may include commitments : — to improve educational standards , — to increase the number of young people choosing to stay in education , — to develop close schools/industry links which will enhance curriculum development , — to provide careers [help] and counselling , — to arrange work experience for all young people , — to provide records of achievement for all young people .

Schools have a professional responsibility to offer guidance to young people in transition to work .
schools have a professional responsibility to offer [help] to young people in transition to work .

You are very welcome to send recruitment literature into schools for use in Careers guidance and counselling , and Careers Teachers will certainly be pleased if you offer to spend time with groups of young people explaining the nature of the employment you offer .
you are very welcome to send recruitment literature into schools for use in careers [help] and counselling , and careers teachers will certainly be pleased if you offer to spend time with groups of young people explaining the nature of the employment you offer .

This information should be passed regularly to Careers Teachers and Officers for guidance purposes , and can be the basis for counselling by appropriate teachers when it becomes apparent that some students will be at risk of failing the goals .
this information should be passed regularly to careers teachers and officers for [help] purposes , and can be the basis for counselling by appropriate teachers when it becomes apparent that some students will be at risk of failing the goals .

This can be done : — through a scheme of student self-monitoring , — through regular reports to parents and parents ' evenings in which employers take part , — by guidance and counselling involving teachers and employers .
this can be done : — through a scheme of student self-monitoring , — through regular reports to parents and parents ' evenings in which employers take part , — by [help] and counselling involving teachers and employers .

It may be appropriate for the school 's Career Officer to liaise with pastoral and guidance staff at the school on this matter .
it may be appropriate for the school 's career officer to liaise with pastoral and [help] staff at the school on this matter .

The school , supported by the Careers Service , will also be offering a programme of Careers advice and guidance .
the school , supported by the careers service , will also be offering a programme of careers advice and [help] .

The education authority should establish criteria which relate closely to Compact goals . For example : — How does the school monitor attendance and punctuality ? — What steps are taken to secure improvement in particular pupils ' attendance and punctuality ? — How successful are these measures ? — Does the school operate a record of achievement ? — Does the school operate a pastoral , or guidance and counselling system ? — What forms of certification are available to the students ? — What percentage of students achieve a graded result in English and Maths ?
the education authority should establish criteria which relate closely to compact goals . for example : — how does the school monitor attendance and punctuality ? — what steps are taken to secure improvement in particular pupils ' attendance and punctuality ? — how successful are these measures ? — does the school operate a record of achievement ? — does the school operate a pastoral , or [help] and counselling system ? — what forms of certification are available to the students ? — what percentage of students achieve a graded result in english and maths ?

Compact jobs will be offered to students through the Careers Service Guidance and Interview programme .
compact jobs will be offered to students through the careers service [help] and interview programme .

It is important that Partnerships are able to provide contacts and resources for schools , which relate to the whole range of students ' educational needs , in terms of both curriculum support and guidance .
it is important that partnerships are able to provide contacts and resources for schools , which relate to the whole range of students ' educational needs , in terms of both curriculum support and [help] .

Guidance here is concerned primarily with suggestions for meeting the needs of women who are coping with other responsibilities in addition to being in employment .
[help] here is concerned primarily with suggestions for meeting the needs of women who are coping with other responsibilities in addition to being in employment .

The guidance gives an insight into the respective contribution of staff at ward , unit and health authority level .
the [help] gives an insight into the respective contribution of staff at ward , unit and health authority level .

It is to be hoped that as a result of the guidance in the subsequent paragraphs most will be confined to the first two categories .
it is to be hoped that as a result of the [help] in the subsequent paragraphs most will be confined to the first two categories .

Guidance on the use of overtime is helpful to managers who find themselves faced with an immediate staffing problem .
[help] on the use of overtime is helpful to managers who find themselves faced with an immediate staffing problem .

It has set up a chain of Parent-Link groups across the country , where , with guidance , parents can sort out their problems .
it has set up a chain of parent-link groups across the country , where , with [help] , parents can sort out their problems .

You could also go to Relate ( formerly Marriage Guidance ) , which sees individuals as well as couples .
you could also go to relate ( formerly marriage [help] ) , which sees individuals as well as couples .

What the alternative to today 's degenerate and evil society is presents no immediate problem : women are once again hidden from sight , or married ones have their hair shorn ; thieves are once again punished by having hands or legs cut off ; alcohol , or whatever else is ritually prohibited , is banned ; and Koran , or Bible , or whatever constitutes the authoritative compendium or eternal wisdom , provides complete practical and moral guidance on all subjects , as interpreted by those whose business it is to do so .
what the alternative to today 's degenerate and evil society is presents no immediate problem : women are once again hidden from sight , or married ones have their hair shorn ; thieves are once again punished by having hands or legs cut off ; alcohol , or whatever else is ritually prohibited , is banned ; and koran , or bible , or whatever constitutes the authoritative compendium or eternal wisdom , provides complete practical and moral [help] on all subjects , as interpreted by those whose business it is to do so .

The call of ethnicity or language provides no guidance to the future at all .
the call of ethnicity or language provides no [help] to the future at all .

The call of ethnicity of language provides no guidance to the future at all .
the call of ethnicity of language provides no [help] to the future at all .

Yet those same bankers are people to whom managements are supposed to turn for sage guidance .
yet those same bankers are people to whom managements are supposed to turn for sage [help] .

Departure and return timings advertised on this page are for guidance only .
departure and return timings advertised on this page are for [help] only .

Weber gives no general guidance .
weber gives no general [help] .

If however the local officials in the state of origin have access to appropriate procedural guidance , there is no strong reason of principle why they should not be allowed to communicate directly with the Justice Ministry or other central authority of the state of destination .
if however the local officials in the state of origin have access to appropriate procedural [help] , there is no strong reason of principle why they should not be allowed to communicate directly with the justice ministry or other central authority of the state of destination .

Provided the competent local officials in the state of destination have adequate administrative guidance , their Justice Ministry may be content , or even happy , to withdraw from active involvement .
provided the competent local officials in the state of destination have adequate administrative [help] , their justice ministry may be content , or even happy , to withdraw from active involvement .

The difficulties inherent in the use of this phrase , and the view taken by a Special Commission of the Conference examining the Service Convention , but hoping to give guidance in this context also , have already been noticed .
the difficulties inherent in the use of this phrase , and the view taken by a special commission of the conference examining the service convention , but hoping to give [help] in this context also , have already been noticed .

In the end result , therefore , the State of Norway litigation provides no real guidance as to the meaning of the phrase in the Hague context .
in the end result , therefore , the state of norway litigation provides no real [help] as to the meaning of the phrase in the hague context .

The Supreme Court having removed quite a few familiar landmarks without issuing much in the way of fresh navigational guidance , the courts faced some difficulties in addressing the issue of the Convention 's applicability .
the supreme court having removed quite a few familiar landmarks without issuing much in the way of fresh navigational [help] , the courts faced some difficulties in addressing the issue of the convention 's applicability .

He saw how every little niggling thing old Andy had given him to do counted — how one developed his muscle , another his eye , a third his judgement of time and distance ; how each hour he spent working with the foremast hands taught him to know and understand them better against the day when such men as they were would look to him for guidance .
he saw how every little niggling thing old andy had given him to do counted — how one developed his muscle , another his eye , a third his judgement of time and distance ; how each hour he spent working with the foremast hands taught him to know and understand them better against the day when such men as they were would look to him for [help] .

While Diana looked to her husband for a lead and guidance , the way the press and public reacted to the royal couple merely served to drive a wedge between them .
while diana looked to her husband for a lead and [help] , the way the press and public reacted to the royal couple merely served to drive a wedge between them .

Other than that , there is no guidance in the legislation as to what these terms actually mean .
other than that , there is no [help] in the legislation as to what these terms actually mean .

In an attempt to offer practical guidance on the meaning of the distinction , the Minister of Trade in the Committee stage , suggested that what the government had in mind was the difference between ‘ day-to-day knowledge ’ and ‘ knowledge of important factors which , when revealed to the market , [ would ] shift the price [ of the shares ] ’ .
in an attempt to offer practical [help] on the meaning of the distinction , the minister of trade in the committee stage , suggested that what the government had in mind was the difference between ‘ day-to-day knowledge ’ and ‘ knowledge of important factors which , when revealed to the market , [ would ] shift the price [ of the shares ] ’ .

We offer this information as general guidance only with any exceptions stated in the individual hotel descriptions .
we offer this information as general [help] only with any exceptions stated in the individual hotel descriptions .

We offer this information as general guidance only with any exceptions stated in the individual hotel descriptions .
we offer this information as general [help] only with any exceptions stated in the individual hotel descriptions .

We offer this information as general guidance only with any exceptions stated in the individual hotel descriptions .
we offer this information as general [help] only with any exceptions stated in the individual hotel descriptions .

Such investigations could be used more effectively if guidance about the tumour site was available .
such investigations could be used more effectively if [help] about the tumour site was available .

Key ways in which they have worked to lower costs are in reducing the prescribing rate ( which is often high in poorer areas ) ; increasing generic prescribing by informing people of the savings , addressing concerns , and , in the west midlands , offering laboratory analysis if patients believe there to be a difference in symptom control ; and providing draft formularies and guidance on their management .
key ways in which they have worked to lower costs are in reducing the prescribing rate ( which is often high in poorer areas ) ; increasing generic prescribing by informing people of the savings , addressing concerns , and , in the west midlands , offering laboratory analysis if patients believe there to be a difference in symptom control ; and providing draft formularies and [help] on their management .

When researchers approach publication there is ample published guidance for them on what their obligations are , and there are well known style guides within each scientific discipline including , in medicine , the Vancouver style .
when researchers approach publication there is ample published [help] for them on what their obligations are , and there are well known style guides within each scientific discipline including , in medicine , the vancouver style .

The unconscious system obeys the pleasure principle and seeks pleasurable states of the psyche , but would ignore external reality without the guidance of the conscious and preconscious perceptual system .
the unconscious system obeys the pleasure principle and seeks pleasurable states of the psyche , but would ignore external reality without the [help] of the conscious and preconscious perceptual system .

Psychologism , through its influence in marriage guidance and churches , and also through its effects in the world of work — in personnel management , for example — is able to link the two spheres in a way religion used to be able to do but can not do any longer .
psychologism , through its influence in marriage [help] and churches , and also through its effects in the world of work — in personnel management , for example — is able to link the two spheres in a way religion used to be able to do but can not do any longer .

Greyfriars Adult Education Centre 0206–42242 : offers free guidance , creche and 600 courses .
greyfriars adult education centre 0206–42242 : offers free [help] , creche and 600 courses .

There was no precedent in post-Conquest England for the removal of a crowned and anointed king , nor was there any clear guidance in civil or canon law about the means by which a king might be deposed .
there was no precedent in post-conquest england for the removal of a crowned and anointed king , nor was there any clear [help] in civil or canon law about the means by which a king might be deposed .

More fundamental doubts about the war were expressed by Richard de Bury Bishop of Durham in his Philobiblion , where he said that ‘ war , wanting discretion of reason , furiously attacks whatever falls in its way , and not being under the guidance of reason it destroys the vessels of reason ’ , and he beseeched ‘ the ruler of Olympus and the most high Dispenser of all the world , that he may abolish war , establish peace , and bring about tranquil times under his own special protection ’ .
more fundamental doubts about the war were expressed by richard de bury bishop of durham in his philobiblion , where he said that ‘ war , wanting discretion of reason , furiously attacks whatever falls in its way , and not being under the [help] of reason it destroys the vessels of reason ’ , and he beseeched ‘ the ruler of olympus and the most high dispenser of all the world , that he may abolish war , establish peace , and bring about tranquil times under his own special protection ’ .

At Reed International ( once the fief of Pail Hamlet ) we find , under the benign guidance of Richer Chagrin , the noble imprints of Seeker and Warble , William Headman , and Methane .
at reed international ( once the fief of pail hamlet ) we find , under the benign [help] of richer chagrin , the noble imprints of seeker and warble , william headman , and methane .

This is part of their annual tidy up , under the guidance of the St Edmundsbury Borough Council .
this is part of their annual tidy up , under the [help] of the st edmundsbury borough council .

Since few actuaries will have had much practical experience of teaching before becoming tutors these notes have been prepared to give you some guidance towards helping students most effectively in the context of the tuition system .
since few actuaries will have had much practical experience of teaching before becoming tutors these notes have been prepared to give you some [help] towards helping students most effectively in the context of the tuition system .

These packs will be invaluable to both tutors and students alike because they will provide very clear guidance on the level of achievement required by the Board .
these packs will be invaluable to both tutors and students alike because they will provide very clear [help] on the level of achievement required by the board .

The Board 's Examiners have produced detailed Guidance Notes on how best to approach Question 1 , the 49 mark question , in Third Level Accounting examinations . The notes cover the following important points :
the board 's examiners have produced detailed [help] notes on how best to approach question 1 , the 49 mark question , in third level accounting examinations . the notes cover the following important points :

Guidance notes available free from : Business Studies Manager .
[help] notes available free from : business studies manager .

Provides annotated examples of letters , with guidance on style and form .
provides annotated examples of letters , with [help] on style and form .

If taped at the time , ideal for both self-study and teacher guidance .
if taped at the time , ideal for both self-study and teacher [help] .

Provides guidance on English and American usage .
provides [help] on english and american usage .

Includes guidance on methods of work ( eg taking bookings , dealing with enquiries and complaints ) .
includes [help] on methods of work ( eg taking bookings , dealing with enquiries and complaints ) .

Closely targeted preparation material and guidance , directly related to the London Chamber of Commerce and Industry examination at First and Second levels .
closely targeted preparation material and [help] , directly related to the london chamber of commerce and industry examination at first and second levels .

The rubric will give guidance on the form and content required .
the rubric will give [help] on the form and content required .

On this basis the Sub-Committee selected the set of submissions for further development to Phase 2 , and in some cases gave guidance on the approach to be adopted .
on this basis the sub-committee selected the set of submissions for further development to phase 2 , and in some cases gave [help] on the approach to be adopted .

Among the criticisms voiced , there were comments on jargon in the specifications ' language and on the need for more guidance on assessment and , especially , on merit .
among the criticisms voiced , there were comments on jargon in the specifications ' language and on the need for more [help] on assessment and , especially , on merit .

It provides extensive guidance on learning and teaching , but it remains for the tutor to apply the descriptor to the language being taught , and to provide the necessary content .
it provides extensive [help] on learning and teaching , but it remains for the tutor to apply the descriptor to the language being taught , and to provide the necessary content .

It acts as an information and guidance centre in relation to European developments and policies and keeps a collection of relevant periodicals and publications .
it acts as an information and [help] centre in relation to european developments and policies and keeps a collection of relevant periodicals and publications .

Staff and students have access to the college 's European Guidance and Resource Centre .
staff and students have access to the college 's european [help] and resource centre .

guidance for teachers and trainers
[help] for teachers and trainers

The six extra units , covering first line supervisory skills , quality assurance , and technology , have been recently developed in consultation with industry , and take account of both guidance from the National Economic Development Council and lead body standards .
the six extra units , covering first line supervisory skills , quality assurance , and technology , have been recently developed in consultation with industry , and take account of both [help] from the national economic development council and lead body standards .

In addition , guidance in the form of performance evidence , assessment evidence , assessment methods and related knowledge will be provided for the benefit of those who have to implement and assess standards .
in addition , [help] in the form of performance evidence , assessment evidence , assessment methods and related knowledge will be provided for the benefit of those who have to implement and assess standards .

The centre has implemented an effective system of induction , guidance and support for its candidates ' Appeals .
the centre has implemented an effective system of induction , [help] and support for its candidates ' appeals .

To support centres , we provide advice and guidance on assessment .
to support centres , we provide advice and [help] on assessment .

However , all the speed thresholds mentioned are for guidance only .
however , all the speed thresholds mentioned are for [help] only .

The Society 's latest leaflet in the ‘ Hygiene In Focus ’ series is on Low Temperature Pathogens , providing topical guidance on listeria and other food poisoning or food spoilage organisms that can survive and multiply in fridges and freezers .
the society 's latest leaflet in the ‘ hygiene in focus ’ series is on low temperature pathogens , providing topical [help] on listeria and other food poisoning or food spoilage organisms that can survive and multiply in fridges and freezers .

The profession is considering the possible need to move to a system whereby such actuaries have to meet specific experience and ongoing training requirements as well as enhancing our mandatory professional guidance .
the profession is considering the possible need to move to a system whereby such actuaries have to meet specific experience and ongoing training requirements as well as enhancing our mandatory professional [help] .

This work is aimed at providing investment managers with better guidance on the asset distribution most appropriate for the needs of the fund concerned .
this work is aimed at providing investment managers with better [help] on the asset distribution most appropriate for the needs of the fund concerned .

More comment and guidance
more comment and [help]

When writing to the Claimant 's Doctor , it is essential that no guidance is given in our correspondence , as to what is or is not covered under the policy .
when writing to the claimant 's doctor , it is essential that no [help] is given in our correspondence , as to what is or is not covered under the policy .

The purpose of this section of the Personal Accident and Sickness manual is to clarify some of the ‘ grey ’ areas that can , and have , proved contentious in the past and to provide guidance for the handling of such situations in the future .
the purpose of this section of the personal accident and sickness manual is to clarify some of the ‘ grey ’ areas that can , and have , proved contentious in the past and to provide [help] for the handling of such situations in the future .

To date , the number of cases taken in this fashion are very few and there has been very little guidance from the Courts as to the ambit of the provision .
to date , the number of cases taken in this fashion are very few and there has been very little [help] from the courts as to the ambit of the provision .

The rules of the Scheme and guidance on its application may be found in the Civil Service Pay and Conditions of Service Code .
the rules of the scheme and [help] on its application may be found in the civil service pay and conditions of service code .

Included in the leaflet is guidance on where to seek advice if something is found , who to contact if you intend to develop an area containing archaeological sites and how to get involved in an excavation .
included in the leaflet is [help] on where to seek advice if something is found , who to contact if you intend to develop an area containing archaeological sites and how to get involved in an excavation .

Approval from the Bar Council has been received to guidance notes prepared for those members wishing direct access to barristers .
approval from the bar council has been received to [help] notes prepared for those members wishing direct access to barristers .

Guidance on Architects Advisory panels for panel members and panel users was prepared together with model terms of reference .
[help] on architects advisory panels for panel members and panel users was prepared together with model terms of reference .

The Committee 's manual , Quality Management : Guidance for an office manual , was revised and a special edition was prepared for the New Zealand Institute of Architects .
the committee 's manual , quality management : [help] for an office manual , was revised and a special edition was prepared for the new zealand institute of architects .

Parents seem to want clear guidance not just about strengths but also about areas for improvement .
parents seem to want clear [help] not just about strengths but also about areas for improvement .

Regional guidance generally advised that the co-ordinator should be appointed fro the senior management team .
regional [help] generally advised that the co-ordinator should be appointed fro the senior management team .

For the first time there will be a nationally agreed curriculum which gives clear guidance on what should be included in a health education programme and indicates a progression across the stages .
for the first time there will be a nationally agreed curriculum which gives clear [help] on what should be included in a health education programme and indicates a progression across the stages .

More than half of all schools contacted health professionals ( health board staff and/or school medical staff ) and the police for guidance or support .
more than half of all schools contacted health professionals ( health board staff and/or school medical staff ) and the police for [help] or support .

Guidance on conduct and ethics generally was prepared for a revised edition of the Guide to the Professional Conduct of Solicitors , and a complete new set of accounts rules came into force in June 1992 .
[help] on conduct and ethics generally was prepared for a revised edition of the guide to the professional conduct of solicitors , and a complete new set of accounts rules came into force in june 1992 .

At the time of writing , two major developments in the European incentives ' field are still under discussion — the negotiation of the next ( Fourth ) Framework Programme for research and development , and the outcome of the reform of the Structural Fund Regulations ( which govern the operation of the European Regional Development Fund , the European Agricultural Guidance and Guarantee Fund and the European Social Fund ) .
at the time of writing , two major developments in the european incentives ' field are still under discussion — the negotiation of the next ( fourth ) framework programme for research and development , and the outcome of the reform of the structural fund regulations ( which govern the operation of the european regional development fund , the european agricultural [help] and guarantee fund and the european social fund ) .

The regional tourist boards should now be strongly supporting the need for the national framework , for guidance and assistance that can only come from a central body — yet they dare not speak too loudly for fear that their reduced funding will be cut even further if DoNH reallocates it to the national level .
the regional tourist boards should now be strongly supporting the need for the national framework , for [help] and assistance that can only come from a central body — yet they dare not speak too loudly for fear that their reduced funding will be cut even further if donh reallocates it to the national level .

In terms of general guidance needs , migrants were more likely to suggest this , as well as general introductory classes to particular courses , as a form of pre-course preparation .
in terms of general [help] needs , migrants were more likely to suggest this , as well as general introductory classes to particular courses , as a form of pre-course preparation .

more financial support and guidance .
more financial support and [help] .

Such support might include : more concessions , flexibility in payment of fees etc , and guidance on the financial implications of doing a course and where to get help with financial problems .
such support might include : more concessions , flexibility in payment of fees etc , and [help] on the financial implications of doing a course and where to get help with financial problems .

wider guidance about courses .
wider [help] about courses .

The need for general , as opposed to financial guidance was the next most commonly cited request for support ( 34 % ) .
the need for general , as opposed to financial [help] was the next most commonly cited request for support ( 34 % ) .

Unfortunately , we do not have more detailed information about the areas this guidance should cover .
unfortunately , we do not have more detailed information about the areas this [help] should cover .

We can speculate that pre-entry information and guidance is important .
we can speculate that pre-entry information and [help] is important .

We are grateful to the adults who were kind enough to participate in the survey and to those working in educational guidance who helped identify our sample .
we are grateful to the adults who were kind enough to participate in the survey and to those working in educational [help] who helped identify our sample .

On the premise that ‘ too many cooks spoil the broth ’ , he asks us to reiterate that day to day management of the Village is in the hands of the Warden , Mrs. Pat Holmes , and any guidance , questions or advice on such matters should be addressed to her in the first instance .
on the premise that ‘ too many cooks spoil the broth ’ , he asks us to reiterate that day to day management of the village is in the hands of the warden , mrs. pat holmes , and any [help] , questions or advice on such matters should be addressed to her in the first instance .

Changes to guidance notes are needed to accommodate the Money Laundering Directive currently being implemented through the Criminal Justice Bill and supplementary European Community regulations .
changes to [help] notes are needed to accommodate the money laundering directive currently being implemented through the criminal justice bill and supplementary european community regulations .

For now , existing law and guidance prevails .
for now , existing law and [help] prevails .

The new regulations will leave some areas for the guidance notes to clarify , such as references to ‘ normal market practice ’ .
the new regulations will leave some areas for the [help] notes to clarify , such as references to ‘ normal market practice ’ .

The Occupational Pensions Board gave examples of circumstances in which applications for orders for pension fund surpluses to be reduced or eliminated had been turned down , as part of new guidance on how to make applications .
the occupational pensions board gave examples of circumstances in which applications for orders for pension fund surpluses to be reduced or eliminated had been turned down , as part of new [help] on how to make applications .

Auditors will be able to comply with the Cadbury recommendation that they report on directors ' statements with regard to companies ' internal controls but only if there is clear guidance for both sides on a number of scope , technical and reporting issues , an analysis by the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales concluded .
auditors will be able to comply with the cadbury recommendation that they report on directors ' statements with regard to companies ' internal controls but only if there is clear [help] for both sides on a number of scope , technical and reporting issues , an analysis by the institute of chartered accountants in england and wales concluded .

New draft guidance on the procedures for the outgoing and successor firm when a client decides to change advisers , issued by the Chartered Accountants ' Joint Ethics Committee , puts greater emphasis on the fact that any change in a continuing appointment , such as tax or accounting work , should be treated in the same way as a change of auditors .
new draft [help] on the procedures for the outgoing and successor firm when a client decides to change advisers , issued by the chartered accountants ' joint ethics committee , puts greater emphasis on the fact that any change in a continuing appointment , such as tax or accounting work , should be treated in the same way as a change of auditors .

The guidance will bring together for the first time all the relevant existing guidance into one statement and has already been the subject of previous consultation in a green paper .
the [help] will bring together for the first time all the relevant existing [help] into one statement and has already been the subject of previous consultation in a green paper .

Knowledge of pupils and contact with parents may help guidance staff and school management to decide which absences are condoned and which are genuine but no foolproof method exists .
knowledge of pupils and contact with parents may help [help] staff and school management to decide which absences are condoned and which are genuine but no foolproof method exists .

Unauthorised absentees were a focus of guidance staff efforts and a concern of senior management .
unauthorised absentees were a focus of [help] staff efforts and a concern of senior management .

We asked headteachers to consider those pupils in their school who fell into the category of unauthorised absentees , and with the help of guidance staff allot these pupils into descriptive groupings .
we asked headteachers to consider those pupils in their school who fell into the category of unauthorised absentees , and with the help of [help] staff allot these pupils into descriptive groupings .

good liaison between form tutors , guidance , senior staff and the education welfare officer .
good liaison between form tutors , [help] , senior staff and the education welfare officer .

submitting jobseekers for vacancies and providing guidance for unemployed people on how to get work ;
submitting jobseekers for vacancies and providing [help] for unemployed people on how to get work ;

giving guidance to long-term unemployed people and entry to employment and training programmes ;
giving [help] to long-term unemployed people and entry to employment and training programmes ;

Sue : When can Jobcentres expect more guidance about Community Action and their part in it ?
sue : when can jobcentres expect more [help] about community action and their part in it ?

We will however be happy to discuss our ideas with you on June 8th and will thereafter provide ongoing support and guidance on points of law and other assistance .
we will however be happy to discuss our ideas with you on june 8th and will thereafter provide ongoing support and [help] on points of law and other assistance .

Advice and Guidance
advice and [help]

Please find attached a copy of the Department of Management and Information Services Departmental Guidance Notes for Employees attending further education courses .
please find attached a copy of the department of management and information services departmental [help] notes for employees attending further education courses .

not just monitoring and review , but also continuous implementation — whether guidance to inquiries , Local Plans , infrastructure providers or developers ;
not just monitoring and review , but also continuous implementation — whether [help] to inquiries , local plans , infrastructure providers or developers ;

The following is issued for the guidance of persons attending to a weighing carried out on a weighbridge made available for use by the public and for which a charge is made : —
the following is issued for the [help] of persons attending to a weighing carried out on a weighbridge made available for use by the public and for which a charge is made : —

Advice and Guidance
advice and [help]

He was experiencing something utterly new for him : his first controlled passage into a geistzone under the guidance of an oolerinnen ; his first safe transit of the threshold for so long guarded by the bone , wood and bird-wing magic of the shaman .
he was experiencing something utterly new for him : his first controlled passage into a geistzone under the [help] of an oolerinnen ; his first safe transit of the threshold for so long guarded by the bone , wood and bird-wing magic of the shaman .

Candidates for the degree of PhD pursue a research project , under the continuous guidance of a supervisor who is a member of the University staff , or is on the staff of one of the research units or institutions associated with the University , for a period of not less than 36 months if studying full-time , or 48 months if part-time .
candidates for the degree of phd pursue a research project , under the continuous [help] of a supervisor who is a member of the university staff , or is on the staff of one of the research units or institutions associated with the university , for a period of not less than 36 months if studying full-time , or 48 months if part-time .

The University 's Careers Service offers guidance and job-seeking facilities for postgraduates in any year of study .
the university 's careers service offers [help] and job-seeking facilities for postgraduates in any year of study .

It took a little time , and without the guidance she would never have found it in a million years .
it took a little time , and without the [help] she would never have found it in a million years .

If it is felt that this smacks too much of the ‘ green shield stamp ’ approach , it should be realized that it is intended that the scheme will operate with a substantial element of vocational and tutorial guidance using specialized staff .
if it is felt that this smacks too much of the ‘ green shield stamp ’ approach , it should be realized that it is intended that the scheme will operate with a substantial element of vocational and tutorial [help] using specialized staff .

The sexual and aggressive drives are much less under the guidance of rules .
the sexual and aggressive drives are much less under the [help] of rules .

Each student entering the University is assigned to a Director of Studies who is a member of the teaching staff with special responsibility for providing information and guidance on choice of courses , and to help with academic or other problems as they arise .
each student entering the university is assigned to a director of studies who is a member of the teaching staff with special responsibility for providing information and [help] on choice of courses , and to help with academic or other problems as they arise .

The University 's Careers Service offers careers guidance and job placement facilities to all students at the University in all years of study .
the university 's careers service offers careers [help] and job placement facilities to all students at the university in all years of study .

This section gives general guidance about applying to the University .
this section gives general [help] about applying to the university .

All mature students intending to apply are recommended to write as early as possible to the appropriate faculty for guidance , giving full details of their educational background and their experience in employment .
all mature students intending to apply are recommended to write as early as possible to the appropriate faculty for [help] , giving full details of their educational background and their experience in employment .

Each overseas application is considered individualIy and faculty offices can give guidance to potential applicants who are uncertain whether their qualifications are suitable .
each overseas application is considered individualiy and faculty offices can give [help] to potential applicants who are uncertain whether their qualifications are suitable .

An estimated breakdown of this sum under various headings is given in the table for guidance only .
an estimated breakdown of this sum under various headings is given in the table for [help] only .

These lectures are supplemented by colloquies in which students themselves ask the questions raised by the text , and learn , under expert guidance , to find their own answers .
these lectures are supplemented by colloquies in which students themselves ask the questions raised by the text , and learn , under expert [help] , to find their own answers .

In most degrees there is an element of choice , and particular courses may be selected with the guidance of a Director of Studies to suit the student 's interests .
in most degrees there is an element of choice , and particular courses may be selected with the [help] of a director of studies to suit the student 's interests .

Deviations from norms of efficiency are regarded as political disloyalty , and political guidance , exhortation and criticism are seen as prerequisities of efficient management in Soviet industry and agriculture .
deviations from norms of efficiency are regarded as political disloyalty , and political [help] , exhortation and criticism are seen as prerequisities of efficient management in soviet industry and agriculture .

Indeed , it was the attempt by American political science to construct a framework for the comparative analysis of modern , transitional and traditional societies under the guidance of structural-functionalism , that led to the logical inevitability of the bureaucracy , particularly in developing states , being regarded as ‘ multifunctional ’ .
indeed , it was the attempt by american political science to construct a framework for the comparative analysis of modern , transitional and traditional societies under the [help] of structural-functionalism , that led to the logical inevitability of the bureaucracy , particularly in developing states , being regarded as ‘ multifunctional ’ .

Again there is no guidance as to how to choose between the four categories , and no acknowledgement that such choices will be based on political perceptions of where in the organizations a group 's interests will be best protected .
again there is no [help] as to how to choose between the four categories , and no acknowledgement that such choices will be based on political perceptions of where in the organizations a group 's interests will be best protected .

All perforations in the corrosive group occurred in patients with long , tight , and eccentric strictures in whom , after the first few sessions , dilatation was performed without fluoroscopic guidance .
all perforations in the corrosive group occurred in patients with long , tight , and eccentric strictures in whom , after the first few sessions , dilatation was performed without fluoroscopic [help] .

Complications have also occurred that caused us to modify our original technique ; namely to abandon ultrafine guidewires , to use a reverse bevelled transjugular biopsy needle , and to avoid the percutaneous transhepatic placement of portal catheters for guidance .
complications have also occurred that caused us to modify our original technique ; namely to abandon ultrafine guidewires , to use a reverse bevelled transjugular biopsy needle , and to avoid the percutaneous transhepatic placement of portal catheters for [help] .

Under the guidance of a skilled Development Adviser who works closely with the syndicate throughout the programme , effective group process is ensured and personal support , feedback and academic guidance is given .
under the [help] of a skilled development adviser who works closely with the syndicate throughout the programme , effective group process is ensured and personal support , feedback and academic [help] is given .

Give personal support , feedback , and academic guidance to the individual participant .
give personal support , feedback , and academic [help] to the individual participant .

The recommended guidance for the choice of minimum and maximum latency times is as follows :
the recommended [help] for the choice of minimum and maximum latency times is as follows :

Help text is arranged in a series of levels from brief prompts displayed on the current page to , in some cases , subsequent levels containing several screens of information , guidance and explanation .
help text is arranged in a series of levels from brief prompts displayed on the current page to , in some cases , subsequent levels containing several screens of information , [help] and explanation .

The abuse of Artemesia has continued till today because as recently as 1977 many of her paintings including Suzannah and the Elders had been attributed to her father ( a painter who was a close friend of Caravaggio since it was not uncommon for a male member of the family or tutor to take credit for any talent shown by a woman under their ’ guidance ’ .
the abuse of artemesia has continued till today because as recently as 1977 many of her paintings including suzannah and the elders had been attributed to her father ( a painter who was a close friend of caravaggio since it was not uncommon for a male member of the family or tutor to take credit for any talent shown by a woman under their ’ [help] ’ .

To provide guidance and support to enable branches and international groups to flourish and to provide a vital link between individual members at the centre .
to provide [help] and support to enable branches and international groups to flourish and to provide a vital link between individual members at the centre .

Thanks to the commitment and expertise of our teams of writers under the firm guidance of the co-ordinator Angela Ringguth , the material is of exceptional qualityin terms of content and user friendliness .
thanks to the commitment and expertise of our teams of writers under the firm [help] of the co-ordinator angela ringguth , the material is of exceptional qualityin terms of content and user friendliness .

The Technical Advisory Group gives advice and guidance on technical matters which affect the hospitality industry .
the technical advisory group gives advice and [help] on technical matters which affect the hospitality industry .

The basic objective of current cost accounting is to provide more useful information than is available from historical cost accounts alone for the guidance of management , shareholders and others on such matters as 1 the financial viability of a business 2 return on investment 3 pricing policy and cost control .
the basic objective of current cost accounting is to provide more useful information than is available from historical cost accounts alone for the [help] of management , shareholders and others on such matters as 1 the financial viability of a business 2 return on investment 3 pricing policy and cost control .

Some government departments ( such as the Department of Health ) publish guidance notes on option appraisal .
some government departments ( such as the department of health ) publish [help] notes on option appraisal .

The Treasury publishes technical guidance on investment appraisal .
the treasury publishes technical [help] on investment appraisal .

Notes for guidance
notes for [help]

All suggestions are given in good faith and for general help and guidance but since detail may vary with different roofs they can not be assumed to be suitable for every application .
all suggestions are given in good faith and for general help and [help] but since detail may vary with different roofs they can not be assumed to be suitable for every application .

The men , one of whom was named as Ernest Joma , were quickly arrested , however , and two hours later the then Information , Ideological Guidance and Co-operative Development Minister , Simon Pierre , broadcast a message denying that any coup had taken place and calling for calm .
the men , one of whom was named as ernest joma , were quickly arrested , however , and two hours later the then information , ideological [help] and co-operative development minister , simon pierre , broadcast a message denying that any coup had taken place and calling for calm .

Ali Akbar Vellayati Foreign Affairs Gholamreza Aghazadeh Oil Abdollah Nouri Interior ; Chairman of State Security Council Mohsen Nourbakhsh Economic Affairs and Finance Isa Kalantari Agriculture and Rural Affairs Abdol-Hossein Vahaji Commerce Namdar Zanganeh Energy Mohammed Saeedi Kya Roads and Transport Gholamreza Foruzesh Jihad ( `` crusade `` ) for Reconstruction Mohammad Hadi Nezhad-Hosseinian Heavy Industries Mohammad Reza Nematzadeh Industry Sarajuddin Kazeruni Housing and Urban Development Hossein Kamali Labour and Social Affairs Mohammed Gharazi Posts , Telephones and Telegraphs Iraj Fazel Health , Treatment and Medical Education Mohammad Ali Najafi Education and Training Mostafa Moin Higher Education and Culture Hojatolislam Ismail Shostari Justice Akbar Torkan Defence and Armed Forces Logistics Hojatolislam Ali Fallahiyan Intelligence and Security Seyyed Mohammad Khatami Culture and Islamic Guidance Mohammad Hossein Mahloji Mines and Metals
ali akbar vellayati foreign affairs gholamreza aghazadeh oil abdollah nouri interior ; chairman of state security council mohsen nourbakhsh economic affairs and finance isa kalantari agriculture and rural affairs abdol-hossein vahaji commerce namdar zanganeh energy mohammed saeedi kya roads and transport gholamreza foruzesh jihad ( `` crusade `` ) for reconstruction mohammad hadi nezhad-hosseinian heavy industries mohammad reza nematzadeh industry sarajuddin kazeruni housing and urban development hossein kamali labour and social affairs mohammed gharazi posts , telephones and telegraphs iraj fazel health , treatment and medical education mohammad ali najafi education and training mostafa moin higher education and culture hojatolislam ismail shostari justice akbar torkan defence and armed forces logistics hojatolislam ali fallahiyan intelligence and security seyyed mohammad khatami culture and islamic [help] mohammad hossein mahloji mines and metals

Secretariat of General People 's Congress Muftah al-Usta Umar Secretary-General Ibrahim Bukhizam Assistant Secretary-General Salmin Ali al-Uraybi Assistant Secretary-General Umar Ishkal Secretary for People 's Congress Affairs Soleiman Sasi al-Shuhumi Secretary for People 's Committees Affairs Bashir Huwayj Huwaydi Secretary for Affairs of Vocational Congresses Members of the General People 's Committee Umar Mustafa al-Muntasir Secretary-General ( Prime Minister ) Jadallah Azouz al-Talhi Secretary for Foreign Liaison Fawzi al-Shakshuki Secretary for Petroleum Mubarak al-Shamikh Secretary for Communications and Transport Ahmed Ibrahim Secretary for Higher Education Farhat Sharnanah Secretary for Economy and Foreign Trade Mohammed Lutfi Farhat Secretary for Planning Mustafa Mohammed al-Zaydi Secretary for Health Fatih Hamad bin Shatwan Secretary for Strategic Industries Mohammed Madani al-Bukhari Secretary for the Treasury Rajab Muftah Abu Dabbus Secretary for Information and Culture Mifta Mohammed Kuaybah Secretary for Maritime Resources Matooq Mohammed Matooq Secretary for Vocational Training Ali al-Shairi Secretary for Mass Mobilization ; Revolutionary Guidance Nuri al-Fayturi al-Madani Secretary for Scientific Research Abd al-Majid al-Qa'ud Secretary for Agrarian Reform and Land Reclamation Izz al-Din al-Hinshiri Secretary for Justice Fatimah Abd al-Hafiz Mukhtar Secretary for Education Amin Halimi Uthman Kamil Secretary for Light Industries
secretariat of general people 's congress muftah al-usta umar secretary-general ibrahim bukhizam assistant secretary-general salmin ali al-uraybi assistant secretary-general umar ishkal secretary for people 's congress affairs soleiman sasi al-shuhumi secretary for people 's committees affairs bashir huwayj huwaydi secretary for affairs of vocational congresses members of the general people 's committee umar mustafa al-muntasir secretary-general ( prime minister ) jadallah azouz al-talhi secretary for foreign liaison fawzi al-shakshuki secretary for petroleum mubarak al-shamikh secretary for communications and transport ahmed ibrahim secretary for higher education farhat sharnanah secretary for economy and foreign trade mohammed lutfi farhat secretary for planning mustafa mohammed al-zaydi secretary for health fatih hamad bin shatwan secretary for strategic industries mohammed madani al-bukhari secretary for the treasury rajab muftah abu dabbus secretary for information and culture mifta mohammed kuaybah secretary for maritime resources matooq mohammed matooq secretary for vocational training ali al-shairi secretary for mass mobilization ; revolutionary [help] nuri al-fayturi al-madani secretary for scientific research abd al-majid al-qa'ud secretary for agrarian reform and land reclamation izz al-din al-hinshiri secretary for justice fatimah abd al-hafiz mukhtar secretary for education amin halimi uthman kamil secretary for light industries

Mohamed Hawadie Madar Prime Minister Abdurahman Jama Barreh First Deputy Prime Minister , Treasury , Finance Abd al Qasim Salad Hasan Second Deputy Prime Minister , Interior Abdullahi Ossobleh Siyad Justice , Religious Affairs Ahmad Mohammad Adan Qaybeh Foreign Husayn Abd al-Rahman Matan Defence Abdisalam Shaykh Husayn Agriculture Abdurahman Abdullah Uthman Shuke Juba Valley Development , Planning Abdullahi Mahmud Hirad Air , Land , Sea Transport Abdullah Mohammad Mireh Education , National Guidance Ahmad Habib Ahmad Culture , Higher Education *Umar Mohammad Dereh Abd al-Rahman Information , National Guidance *Khalif Abdullahi Shuko Deputy Minister of Information Abd al Rahman Jama Mohammad Livestock Development , Forestry , Grassland *Farah Dahir Afey Tourism *Hasan Mohammad Uthman Jumbo Deputy Minister of Tourism Mohammad Shaykh Uthman Jawari Sports , Labour , Social Affairs Mohammad Sa'id Mohammad Fisheries , Maritime Resources Abukar Hasan Weheliych Posts , Communications Mohammad Sa'id Hirsi Morgan Works , Housing Bashir Farah Kahiyeh Commerce Yusuf Ali Nur Industry Abd al-Razzaq Ali Ilmi Mineral , Water Resources Mohammad Shaykh Ali Munassar Health Mohammad Ali Hamud Minister of State for Foreign Affairs Mireh Awareh Jama Minister at the Presidency Abdullahi Ahmad Addu Minister at the Presidency Ahmad Jama Abdullah Jangali Minister at the Presidency *Mohammad Jibril Musa Minister of State * Appointed Sept. 17 .
mohamed hawadie madar prime minister abdurahman jama barreh first deputy prime minister , treasury , finance abd al qasim salad hasan second deputy prime minister , interior abdullahi ossobleh siyad justice , religious affairs ahmad mohammad adan qaybeh foreign husayn abd al-rahman matan defence abdisalam shaykh husayn agriculture abdurahman abdullah uthman shuke juba valley development , planning abdullahi mahmud hirad air , land , sea transport abdullah mohammad mireh education , national [help] ahmad habib ahmad culture , higher education *umar mohammad dereh abd al-rahman information , national [help] *khalif abdullahi shuko deputy minister of information abd al rahman jama mohammad livestock development , forestry , grassland *farah dahir afey tourism *hasan mohammad uthman jumbo deputy minister of tourism mohammad shaykh uthman jawari sports , labour , social affairs mohammad sa'id mohammad fisheries , maritime resources abukar hasan weheliych posts , communications mohammad sa'id hirsi morgan works , housing bashir farah kahiyeh commerce yusuf ali nur industry abd al-razzaq ali ilmi mineral , water resources mohammad shaykh ali munassar health mohammad ali hamud minister of state for foreign affairs mireh awareh jama minister at the presidency abdullahi ahmad addu minister at the presidency ahmad jama abdullah jangali minister at the presidency *mohammad jibril musa minister of state * appointed sept. 17 .

These chose to live a life of poverty and charity supported by their own manual labours and loosely affiliated to local religious houses , from whom they might receive spiritual guidance , and to whom they gave the proceeds of their work .
these chose to live a life of poverty and charity supported by their own manual labours and loosely affiliated to local religious houses , from whom they might receive spiritual [help] , and to whom they gave the proceeds of their work .

During the thirteenth century they associated together in communities submitting to an organised communal life of prayer , including the Canonical Hours , and active charity as well as their work , though they were still dependent on the guidance of priests and religious houses .
during the thirteenth century they associated together in communities submitting to an organised communal life of prayer , including the canonical hours , and active charity as well as their work , though they were still dependent on the [help] of priests and religious houses .

The original recipients of Hilton 's text , however , as is clear from the very fact that he wrote for them in the vernacular , were not interested in comparative academic study , but in particular guidance which would enable them to fully integrate their religious faith in their lives .
the original recipients of hilton 's text , however , as is clear from the very fact that he wrote for them in the vernacular , were not interested in comparative academic study , but in particular [help] which would enable them to fully integrate their religious faith in their lives .

Informing the auditors : It is a requirement of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales , under whose regulations and guidance we act , that we should notify a client 's incumbent auditors or accountants of the scope of our appointment in order that they may assess whether the appointment has a bearing on their own continuing responsibilities .
informing the auditors : it is a requirement of the institute of chartered accountants in england and wales , under whose regulations and [help] we act , that we should notify a client 's incumbent auditors or accountants of the scope of our appointment in order that they may assess whether the appointment has a bearing on their own continuing responsibilities .

Further guidance on investment advertisements is contained in Corporate Finance Practice Bulletin No .
further [help] on investment advertisements is contained in corporate finance practice bulletin no .

Guidance on negotiating this issue is given at 1109.3 .
[help] on negotiating this issue is given at 1109.3 .

This chapter provides guidance to be followed in the conduct of valuation engagements and preparing and issuing the related reports .
this chapter provides [help] to be followed in the conduct of valuation engagements and preparing and issuing the related reports .

General guidance on engagement letters is given in chapter 03 and should be followed .
general [help] on engagement letters is given in chapter 03 and should be followed .

any previous valuations or transactions which would provide guidance
any previous valuations or transactions which would provide [help]

We are required to inform you , under the terms of the guidance note issued by the Institutes of Chartered Accountants dealing with compliance with the City Code on Takeovers and Mergers ( the City Code ) , that , in the course of the engagement , we will comply with the provisions of the City Code , the Rules Governing Substantial Acquisitions of Shares ( the SARs ) , and with all rulings made and guidance issued under them by the Panel on Takeovers and Mergers ( the Panel ) .
we are required to inform you , under the terms of the [help] note issued by the institutes of chartered accountants dealing with compliance with the city code on takeovers and mergers ( the city code ) , that , in the course of the engagement , we will comply with the provisions of the city code , the rules governing substantial acquisitions of shares ( the sars ) , and with all rulings made and [help] issued under them by the panel on takeovers and mergers ( the panel ) .

Under the terms of the guidance note we may also be obliged to supply to the Panel any information , books , documents or other records concerning the transaction which the Panel may properly require and otherwise render all such assistance as we are reasonable able to give to the Panel .
under the terms of the [help] note we may also be obliged to supply to the panel any information , books , documents or other records concerning the transaction which the panel may properly require and otherwise render all such assistance as we are reasonable able to give to the panel .

We are required to inform you , under the terms of the guidance note issued by the Institutes of Chartered Accountants dealing with compliance with the City Code on Takeovers and Mergers ( the City Code ) , that , in the course of the engagement , we will comply with the provisions of the City Code , the Rules Governing Substantial Acquisitions of Shares ( the SARs ) , and with all rulings made and guidance issued under them by the Panel on Takeovers and Mergers ( the Panel ) .
we are required to inform you , under the terms of the [help] note issued by the institutes of chartered accountants dealing with compliance with the city code on takeovers and mergers ( the city code ) , that , in the course of the engagement , we will comply with the provisions of the city code , the rules governing substantial acquisitions of shares ( the sars ) , and with all rulings made and [help] issued under them by the panel on takeovers and mergers ( the panel ) .

Under the terms of the guidance note we may also be obliged to supply to the Panel any information , books , documents or other records concerning the transaction which the Panel may properly require and otherwise render all such assistance as we are reasonably able to give to the Panel .
under the terms of the [help] note we may also be obliged to supply to the panel any information , books , documents or other records concerning the transaction which the panel may properly require and otherwise render all such assistance as we are reasonably able to give to the panel .

We are required to inform you , under the terms of the guidance note issued by the Institutes of Chartered Accountants dealing with compliance with the City Code on Takeovers and Mergers ( the City Code ) , that , in the course of the engagement , we will comply with the provisions of the City Code , the Rules Governing Substantial Acquisitions of Shares ( the SARs ) , and with all rulings made and guidance issued under them by the Panel on Takeovers and Mergers ( the Panel ) .
we are required to inform you , under the terms of the [help] note issued by the institutes of chartered accountants dealing with compliance with the city code on takeovers and mergers ( the city code ) , that , in the course of the engagement , we will comply with the provisions of the city code , the rules governing substantial acquisitions of shares ( the sars ) , and with all rulings made and [help] issued under them by the panel on takeovers and mergers ( the panel ) .

Under the terms of the guidance note we may also be obliged to supply to the Panel and information , books , documents or other records concerning the transaction which the Panel may properly require and otherwise render all such assistance as we are reasonably able to give to the Panel .
under the terms of the [help] note we may also be obliged to supply to the panel and information , books , documents or other records concerning the transaction which the panel may properly require and otherwise render all such assistance as we are reasonably able to give to the panel .

We are required to inform you , under the terms of the guidance note issued by the Institutes of Chartered Accountants dealing with compliance with the City Code on Takeovers and Mergers ( the City Code ) , that , in the course of the engagement , we will comply with the provisions of the City Code , the Rules Governing Substantial Acquisitions of Shares ( the SARs ) , and with all rulings made and guidance issued under them by the Panel on Takeovers and Mergers ( the Panel ) .
we are required to inform you , under the terms of the [help] note issued by the institutes of chartered accountants dealing with compliance with the city code on takeovers and mergers ( the city code ) , that , in the course of the engagement , we will comply with the provisions of the city code , the rules governing substantial acquisitions of shares ( the sars ) , and with all rulings made and [help] issued under them by the panel on takeovers and mergers ( the panel ) .

Under the terms of the guidance note we may also be obliged to supply to the Panel and information , books , documents or other records concerning the transaction which the Panel may properly require and otherwise render all such assistance as we are reasonably able to give to the Panel .
under the terms of the [help] note we may also be obliged to supply to the panel and information , books , documents or other records concerning the transaction which the panel may properly require and otherwise render all such assistance as we are reasonably able to give to the panel .

We are required to inform you , under the terms of the guidance note issued by the Institutes of Chartered Accountants dealing with compliance with the City Code on Takeovers and Mergers ( the City Code ) , that , in the course of the engagement , we will comply with the provisions of the City Code , the Rules Governing Substantial Acquisitions of Shares ( the SARs ) , and with all rulings made and guidance issued under them by the Panel on Takeovers and Mergers ( the Panel ) .
we are required to inform you , under the terms of the [help] note issued by the institutes of chartered accountants dealing with compliance with the city code on takeovers and mergers ( the city code ) , that , in the course of the engagement , we will comply with the provisions of the city code , the rules governing substantial acquisitions of shares ( the sars ) , and with all rulings made and [help] issued under them by the panel on takeovers and mergers ( the panel ) .

Under the terms of the guidance note we may also be obliged to supply to the Panel and information , books , documents or other records concerning the transaction which the Panel may properly require and otherwise render all such assistance as we are reasonably able to give to the Panel .
under the terms of the [help] note we may also be obliged to supply to the panel and information , books , documents or other records concerning the transaction which the panel may properly require and otherwise render all such assistance as we are reasonably able to give to the panel .

We are required to inform you , under the terms of the guidance note issued by the Institutes of Chartered Accountants dealing with compliance with the City Code on Takeovers and Mergers ( the City Code ) , that , in the course of the engagement , we will comply with the provisions of the City Code , the Rules Governing Substantial Acquisitions of Shares ( the SARs ) , and with all rulings made and guidance issued under them by the Panel on Takeovers and Mergers ( the Panel ) .
we are required to inform you , under the terms of the [help] note issued by the institutes of chartered accountants dealing with compliance with the city code on takeovers and mergers ( the city code ) , that , in the course of the engagement , we will comply with the provisions of the city code , the rules governing substantial acquisitions of shares ( the sars ) , and with all rulings made and [help] issued under them by the panel on takeovers and mergers ( the panel ) .

Under the terms of the guidance note we may also be obliged to supply to the Panel and information , books , documents or other records concerning the transaction which the Panel may properly require and otherwise render all such assistance as we are reasonably able to give to the Panel .
under the terms of the [help] note we may also be obliged to supply to the panel and information , books , documents or other records concerning the transaction which the panel may properly require and otherwise render all such assistance as we are reasonably able to give to the panel .

Once we received this letter we will despatch the Information memorandum with detailed guidance as to the procedure to be adopted by yourselves during the sale process .
once we received this letter we will despatch the information memorandum with detailed [help] as to the procedure to be adopted by yourselves during the sale process .

Child guidance clinics and school psychology services in England and Wales , 1920-1972
child [help] clinics and school psychology services in england and wales , 1920-1972

Impartial Guidance : Magistrates are expected to decide whether to grant access to parents , guardians or custodians , and , if they do so , to determine the conditions of access .
impartial [help] : magistrates are expected to decide whether to grant access to parents , guardians or custodians , and , if they do so , to determine the conditions of access .

To examine the relationship between the changing construction of the problem of marriage and divorce and the changing approach of the marital agencies — the National Marriage Guidance Council , the Institute of Marital Studies ( originally the Family Discussion Bureau ) the Jewish and Scottish Marriage Guidance Council and the Catholic Marriage Advisory Council .
to examine the relationship between the changing construction of the problem of marriage and divorce and the changing approach of the marital agencies — the national marriage [help] council , the institute of marital studies ( originally the family discussion bureau ) the jewish and scottish marriage [help] council and the catholic marriage advisory council .

Whereas the emphasis in the first part of the research will be on the interaction between the construction of ideas about marriage and the ideologies and development of the marital agencies , the focus of the second part will narrow into a detailed case study of the activities and development of one organisation , the National Marriage Guidance Council .
whereas the emphasis in the first part of the research will be on the interaction between the construction of ideas about marriage and the ideologies and development of the marital agencies , the focus of the second part will narrow into a detailed case study of the activities and development of one organisation , the national marriage [help] council .

In order for this work to be an integral part of the course , tutors also need guidance .
in order for this work to be an integral part of the course , tutors also need [help] .

Existing theory in this area provides limited guidance for practitioners as it is based on the management of single innovations .
existing theory in this area provides limited [help] for practitioners as it is based on the management of single innovations .

It was intended to include the need for a code of guidance to give practical help to both schools and the five area boards , he said .
it was intended to include the need for a code of [help] to give practical help to both schools and the five area boards , he said .

With reference to my letter of 16 March please now find attached copies of the revised grant application form and a paper , Applying for Grant Aid — Guidance for Governing Bodies of Sport .
with reference to my letter of 16 march please now find attached copies of the revised grant application form and a paper , applying for grant aid — [help] for governing bodies of sport .

Anyone who has been in receipt of this form of grant aid from the Sports Council has already received guidance notes and application forms direct from that Council .
anyone who has been in receipt of this form of grant aid from the sports council has already received [help] notes and application forms direct from that council .

It has been suggested that guidance should be given to the profession relating to receipts which are being issued for redemption money on the redemption of feuduties in terms of Section 4 of the Land Tenure Reform ( Scotland ) Act , 1974 , the section which provided for voluntary redemption of feuduties at the terms of Whitsunday and Martinmas .
it has been suggested that [help] should be given to the profession relating to receipts which are being issued for redemption money on the redemption of feuduties in terms of section 4 of the land tenure reform ( scotland ) act , 1974 , the section which provided for voluntary redemption of feuduties at the terms of whitsunday and martinmas .

From the preface it also appears that the design of the book is to assist the reader who is concerned with a specific problem and who ‘ has read carefully and understood ( so far as the draftsmanship will permit him to understand ) the clause on which he requires guidance .
from the preface it also appears that the design of the book is to assist the reader who is concerned with a specific problem and who ‘ has read carefully and understood ( so far as the draftsmanship will permit him to understand ) the clause on which he requires [help] .

The relevant legislation ( Schedule 1 , Part 2 , Trade Union and Labour Relations Act , 1974 ) and the provisions of the Code of Practice give little guidance to tribunals as to how they should approach the problem of dismissal following on a conviction , and it is to be questioned whether firm guidelines would be beneficial .
the relevant legislation ( schedule 1 , part 2 , trade union and labour relations act , 1974 ) and the provisions of the code of practice give little [help] to tribunals as to how they should approach the problem of dismissal following on a conviction , and it is to be questioned whether firm guidelines would be beneficial .

It is issued in the form of a Memorandum of Guidance , and follows discussions between representatives of the Scottish Office , the Faculty of Advocates , this Society and the Scottish Committee of the Council of Tribunals .
it is issued in the form of a memorandum of [help] , and follows discussions between representatives of the scottish office , the faculty of advocates , this society and the scottish committee of the council of tribunals .

The Secretary of State can then consider whether further or amended guidance is desirable .
the secretary of state can then consider whether further or amended [help] is desirable .

Any interested members may obtain a copy of the Memorandum of Guidance by writing to the Secretary .
any interested members may obtain a copy of the memorandum of [help] by writing to the secretary .

Obviously he had first to complete his medrese education , though neither the Kanunname nor the biographical sources give much guidance as to precisely what stages he had to pass through .
obviously he had first to complete his medrese education , though neither the kanunname nor the biographical sources give much [help] as to precisely what stages he had to pass through .

Sheltered housing in Scotland , upgrading of hostels , adapting premises , such as mother and baby homes where there was less need , to shelters for the victims of violent homes — which was a growing problem — all received pushes in the right direction under Eva 's capable guidance .
sheltered housing in scotland , upgrading of hostels , adapting premises , such as mother and baby homes where there was less need , to shelters for the victims of violent homes — which was a growing problem — all received pushes in the right direction under eva 's capable [help] .

They were at the High Council under the guidance of Cod .
they were at the high council under the [help] of cod .

The Code of Practice which the Secretary of State has approved is intended to give traders practical guidance .
the code of practice which the secretary of state has approved is intended to give traders practical [help] .

Together these give the Convention its terms of reference and some guidance as to how it should set about its task .
together these give the convention its terms of reference and some [help] as to how it should set about its task .

Finance — Guidance on financial procedures in the European Community including specification of payment terms , debt collection , access to foreign banking and insurance systems etc .
finance — [help] on financial procedures in the european community including specification of payment terms , debt collection , access to foreign banking and insurance systems etc .

Agree that the responsibility for Remuneration Certificates should , with effect from 1 September 1993 pass to the Adjudication and Appeals Committee from the Standards and guidance Committee .
agree that the responsibility for remuneration certificates should , with effect from 1 september 1993 pass to the adjudication and appeals committee from the standards and [help] committee .

Which shows that it is worth complaining instead of just accepting a raw deal . But Val 's message to the High Street stores that sell computers is still important — you have a duty to your customers to provide some guidance even if this means pointing out that some of the computers you sell are very limited !
which shows that it is worth complaining instead of just accepting a raw deal . but val 's message to the high street stores that sell computers is still important — you have a duty to your customers to provide some [help] even if this means pointing out that some of the computers you sell are very limited !

But this is actually only one of six sets of regulations and guidance which are due to come into force .
but this is actually only one of six sets of regulations and [help] which are due to come into force .

The -5's release is pretty good , and will hold the young users attention for a reasonable time — parental guidance and encouragement is needed , in particular to fathom out the control keys ( see more on this later ) .
the -5's release is pretty good , and will hold the young users attention for a reasonable time — parental [help] and encouragement is needed , in particular to fathom out the control keys ( see more on this later ) .

Warm thanks are due to my many colleagues within the information industry and to those organisations who have been so helpful in providing guidance , views , information and explanation .
warm thanks are due to my many colleagues within the information industry and to those organisations who have been so helpful in providing [help] , views , information and explanation .

Once multimedia delivery is possible , major opportunities become available for offering immediate , accessible guidance on the use of the system .
once multimedia delivery is possible , major opportunities become available for offering immediate , accessible [help] on the use of the system .

Detailed guidance on some aspects of compliance reporting is awaited from the accounting profession before final compliance statements will be mandatory but the Directors are confident that the corporate governance structure within the Company already meets the Code of Best Practice .
detailed [help] on some aspects of compliance reporting is awaited from the accounting profession before final compliance statements will be mandatory but the directors are confident that the corporate governance structure within the company already meets the code of best practice .

Other regions were much richer in cropland and pasture , with good timber and fisheries , and there people prospered and multiplied , or had been doing , it was clear , under this King 's guidance .
other regions were much richer in cropland and pasture , with good timber and fisheries , and there people prospered and multiplied , or had been doing , it was clear , under this king 's [help] .

In that weird and wonderful land of the interior , under the inspirational guidance of Natty and Jemmy , ‘ these children of nature ’ as he called them , the mammals too began to captivate the ornithologist 's imagination .
in that weird and wonderful land of the interior , under the inspirational [help] of natty and jemmy , ‘ these children of nature ’ as he called them , the mammals too began to captivate the ornithologist 's imagination .

Everyone at was involved in setting up the procedures under the guidance of technical manager assisted by .
everyone at was involved in setting up the procedures under the [help] of technical manager assisted by .

The churches also carried out the function of education in spiritual guidance to a population largely illiterate .
the churches also carried out the function of education in spiritual [help] to a population largely illiterate .

It is , however , not only a story of what happened in the Old and New Testament but also provides guidance on how to live , tells of the life to come and gives protection against spirits and devils .
it is , however , not only a story of what happened in the old and new testament but also provides [help] on how to live , tells of the life to come and gives protection against spirits and devils .

Essentially , the culture is a credible set of norms which employees , either consciously or unconsciously , use as guidance in meeting their specific job tasks .
essentially , the culture is a credible set of norms which employees , either consciously or unconsciously , use as [help] in meeting their specific job tasks .

By giving users ready access to appropriate tools and guidance from the data processing department , user departments could , it is proposed , develop systems themselves .
by giving users ready access to appropriate tools and [help] from the data processing department , user departments could , it is proposed , develop systems themselves .

The National Executive Committee may also give advice and guidance on any special issue to be raised or in the conduct of the campaign during the by-election .
the national executive committee may also give advice and [help] on any special issue to be raised or in the conduct of the campaign during the by-election .

Rainbow , looking towards my mirror as if hoping for some kind of guidance , is pulled backwards through the kitchen door .
rainbow , looking towards my mirror as if hoping for some kind of [help] , is pulled backwards through the kitchen door .

Through the Children Act 1989 and its associated regulations and guidance , the Government have ensured that a much more effective framework for controlling children 's homes is now in position .
through the children act 1989 and its associated regulations and [help] , the government have ensured that a much more effective framework for controlling children 's homes is now in position .

Could you give guidance on the important matter of confidences given us by constituents ?
could you give [help] on the important matter of confidences given us by constituents ?

Keep track of hospital referrals Further guidance on software will be issued in the Spring of 1990 . ’
keep track of hospital referrals further [help] on software will be issued in the spring of 1990 . ’

Moreover , the regional context for structure and local plans prepared by local authorities is safeguarded under regional planning guidance from the Secretary of State .
moreover , the regional context for structure and local plans prepared by local authorities is safeguarded under regional planning [help] from the secretary of state .

The Planning and Compensation Act 1991 requires local planning authorities to have regard to any regional or strategic planning guidance given by the Secretary of State when preparing their development plans .
the planning and compensation act 1991 requires local planning authorities to have regard to any regional or strategic planning [help] given by the secretary of state when preparing their development plans .

Regional planning guidance already exists in the south-east and East Anglia .
regional planning [help] already exists in the south-east and east anglia .

Strategic planning guidance exists in all the metropolitan districts , including Tyne and Wear .
strategic planning [help] exists in all the metropolitan districts , including tyne and wear .

Progress is being made towards establishing regional planning guidance in all the regions .
progress is being made towards establishing regional planning [help] in all the regions .

We hope that regional planning guidance for all the north , which is currently in hand , will be finalised by June 1992 .
we hope that regional planning [help] for all the north , which is currently in hand , will be finalised by june 1992 .

Surely the Lord Chancellor should have issued guidance to justices on the tariff for sentencing in such cases .
surely the lord chancellor should have issued [help] to justices on the tariff for sentencing in such cases .

Member for Halifax asked whether national health service trusts would be subject to the same guidance rules and discharge procedures .
member for halifax asked whether national health service trusts would be subject to the same [help] rules and discharge procedures .

The British Medical Association was sufficiently concerned about that evidence , and other evidence from the United States which showed that PCBs and other toxic and hazardous waste should be treated very seriously , to propose a national waste agency , because it claims that , at present , there is no central guidance and little consensus on the best form of industrial waste disposal , 90 per cent .
the british medical association was sufficiently concerned about that evidence , and other evidence from the united states which showed that pcbs and other toxic and hazardous waste should be treated very seriously , to propose a national waste agency , because it claims that , at present , there is no central [help] and little consensus on the best form of industrial waste disposal , 90 per cent .

That matter is of great practical importance to local authorities . Does the Minister agree that his own remarks today and those of the Data Protection Registrar are a good deal less categorical than the Minister 's earlier assertion that the keeping of a register would be unlawful ? When does the Minister propose to resolve that issue ? Does he understand and accept that it is important that local authorities should receive reliable guidance as soon as possible ?
that matter is of great practical importance to local authorities . does the minister agree that his own remarks today and those of the data protection registrar are a good deal less categorical than the minister 's earlier assertion that the keeping of a register would be unlawful ? when does the minister propose to resolve that issue ? does he understand and accept that it is important that local authorities should receive reliable [help] as soon as possible ?

Central Government publish general advice on a wide range of planning issues through planning policy guidance notes and circulars .
central government publish general advice on a wide range of planning issues through planning policy [help] notes and circulars .

When the codes of practice were revised recently in response to strong pressure from the police , the guidance was made slightly less restrictive by removing the statement that reasonable suspicion should be no less than the suspicion required to effect arrest without warrant .
when the codes of practice were revised recently in response to strong pressure from the police , the [help] was made slightly less restrictive by removing the statement that reasonable suspicion should be no less than the suspicion required to effect arrest without warrant .

On curriculum management , the inspectorate report stated : ’ There is no co-ordination of the various aspects and strands that support the curriculum , nor are there effective links with the social education programme or with careers education and guidance . ’
on curriculum management , the inspectorate report stated : ’ there is no co-ordination of the various aspects and strands that support the curriculum , nor are there effective links with the social education programme or with careers education and [help] . ’

Is my hon. Friend aware that in many local education authorities , not least in London , it is a prerequisite for a discretionary award that a student lives for at least three years within the borough concerned ? Will he give at least gentle guidance to LEAs suggesting that it is not reasonable for students to be excluded from discretionary grants merely because their parents have moved home ?
is my hon. friend aware that in many local education authorities , not least in london , it is a prerequisite for a discretionary award that a student lives for at least three years within the borough concerned ? will he give at least gentle [help] to leas suggesting that it is not reasonable for students to be excluded from discretionary grants merely because their parents have moved home ?

Will my right hon. Friend confirm that the draft guidance issued by his Department does not require local authorities to be of any particular size to deliver an effective and efficient service ? Does he agree that , generally speaking , smaller authorities are closer to local people and better able to reflect their needs and aspirations ? Therefore , will he do what he can to encourage a response from small authorities to adopt the new powers ?
will my right hon. friend confirm that the draft [help] issued by his department does not require local authorities to be of any particular size to deliver an effective and efficient service ? does he agree that , generally speaking , smaller authorities are closer to local people and better able to reflect their needs and aspirations ? therefore , will he do what he can to encourage a response from small authorities to adopt the new powers ?

Friend will be glad to hear that in our draft guidance we have left considerable room for the discretion of the Local Government Commission .
friend will be glad to hear that in our draft [help] we have left considerable room for the discretion of the local government commission .

Is my hon. Friend aware that directors of planning all over the country and hon. Members of all parties are concerned that the number of unauthorised developments has risen from 60,000 in 1988 to more than 90,000 in 1990 ? Will he assure the House that the new planning practice guidance that he is to issue will give planners teeth , and not just false teeth , to deal with the unauthorised developments being built all over the country ? Planners must be given powers to stop that happening before such developments cover the countryside .
is my hon. friend aware that directors of planning all over the country and hon. members of all parties are concerned that the number of unauthorised developments has risen from 60,000 in 1988 to more than 90,000 in 1990 ? will he assure the house that the new planning practice [help] that he is to issue will give planners teeth , and not just false teeth , to deal with the unauthorised developments being built all over the country ? planners must be given powers to stop that happening before such developments cover the countryside .

They come into effect next month and we shall issue planning policy guidance later this month .
they come into effect next month and we shall issue planning policy [help] later this month .

Does the Minister intend to bring the concept of sustainable development right into planning guidance as a primary role ? Will he confirm that the primary role of the plan will take precedence over all other considerations ? Will he beef up the public consultation procedures which his Department are currently casting aside like autumn leaves shrivelling on the ground , or do we have to wait for a Labour Government in the full flush of a green spring and summer to bring sense back into our planning system ?
does the minister intend to bring the concept of sustainable development right into planning [help] as a primary role ? will he confirm that the primary role of the plan will take precedence over all other considerations ? will he beef up the public consultation procedures which his department are currently casting aside like autumn leaves shrivelling on the ground , or do we have to wait for a labour government in the full flush of a green spring and summer to bring sense back into our planning system ?

Will my hon. Friend assure the House and my many constituents in the North Yorks moors national park that whatever new structure he puts in place to manage the parks , the planning policy guidance given to the park authorities will give the social and economic needs of the people who live in the parks a high priority in the considerations for planning permissions ?
will my hon. friend assure the house and my many constituents in the north yorks moors national park that whatever new structure he puts in place to manage the parks , the planning policy [help] given to the park authorities will give the social and economic needs of the people who live in the parks a high priority in the considerations for planning permissions ?

Does the Minister agree that the next time one of these offenders comes before the courts for sentencing , if the sentence does not contain a deterrent element , bearing in mind the increase in this type of crime , it would be wise for the Home Office to seek the guidance of the Attorney-General so that the sentence can be referred to the Court of Appeal , which could then lay down a guideline sentence for this type of crime which contains a deterrent element ?
does the minister agree that the next time one of these offenders comes before the courts for sentencing , if the sentence does not contain a deterrent element , bearing in mind the increase in this type of crime , it would be wise for the home office to seek the [help] of the attorney-general so that the sentence can be referred to the court of appeal , which could then lay down a guideline sentence for this type of crime which contains a deterrent element ?

We have issued an updated code of guidance for authorities dealing with applicants under the homelessness legislation .
we have issued an updated code of [help] for authorities dealing with applicants under the homelessness legislation .

The Employment Service has recently introduced guidance on standards of dress and the Benefits Agency has introduced a range of distinctive dress .
the employment service has recently introduced [help] on standards of dress and the benefits agency has introduced a range of distinctive dress .

We will shortly issue a draft planning policy guidance note on nature conservation which will expand and update our existing policies to promote nature conservation in all areas , including the green belts .
we will shortly issue a draft planning policy [help] note on nature conservation which will expand and update our existing policies to promote nature conservation in all areas , including the green belts .

It was recently reviewed and guidance was issued , but we shall examine how that guidance has been used .
it was recently reviewed and [help] was issued , but we shall examine how that [help] has been used .

To ask the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland what guidance the management executive of the Department of Health and Social Services has recently given to the Southern health and social services board concerning the future of Banbridge hospital .
to ask the secretary of state for northern ireland what [help] the management executive of the department of health and social services has recently given to the southern health and social services board concerning the future of banbridge hospital .

We have published guidance which every Department must use in assessing the environmental impact of its policies and programmes .
we have published [help] which every department must use in assessing the environmental impact of its policies and programmes .

In this academic year the Department of Education and Science has also provided additional guidance to institutions administering the access funds .
in this academic year the department of education and science has also provided additional [help] to institutions administering the access funds .

They have no guidance and they are left to their own devices .
they have no [help] and they are left to their own devices .

Teachers will be praised for their achievements and be given incentives and guidance to improve their performance .
teachers will be praised for their achievements and be given incentives and [help] to improve their performance .

In the summer , we issued further guidance designed to improve the targeting of the funds .
in the summer , we issued further [help] designed to improve the targeting of the funds .

The guidance on the production of environmental assessments says that the promoters should consult those bodies with relevant information before preparing their statement .
the [help] on the production of environmental assessments says that the promoters should consult those bodies with relevant information before preparing their statement .

Placing one hand on the cold stone wall for guidance , she plunged forward .
placing one hand on the cold stone wall for [help] , she plunged forward .

For guidance , Isabel knew .
for [help] , isabel knew .

These tables may be applied , in carefully selected subject areas and under the guidance of explicit instructions , in order to subdivide a subject found in the main schedules .
these tables may be applied , in carefully selected subject areas and under the [help] of explicit instructions , in order to subdivide a subject found in the main schedules .

In each instance guidance is given on how subdivision is to be made and on the form of headings .
in each instance [help] is given on how subdivision is to be made and on the form of headings .

Although there are standards which provide guidance on the construction of thesauri , until recently there has not been a ‘ standard ’ thesaurus , or even a thesaurus which is widely used as a norm .
although there are standards which provide [help] on the construction of thesauri , until recently there has not been a ‘ standard ’ thesaurus , or even a thesaurus which is widely used as a norm .

‘ Guidance was all it was .
‘ [help] was all it was .

‘ Under your guidance ?
‘ under your [help] ?

Under my guidance .
under my [help] .

His association with the New English Weekly was of great value , and lent considerable prestige , to that minority journal , because some of those connected with it were decidedly eccentric , unpractical and in need of guidance .
his association with the new english weekly was of great value , and lent considerable prestige , to that minority journal , because some of those connected with it were decidedly eccentric , unpractical and in need of [help] .

‘ The household priests are looking to Osiris for guidance .
‘ the household priests are looking to osiris for [help] .

( Treatment had previously been the responsibility of the psychiatrist within the Child Guidance Service . )
( treatment had previously been the responsibility of the psychiatrist within the child [help] service . )

This report examined the particular needs and problems of one-parent families ( one in ten of families with children by 1971 ) , and many of its recommendations had educational implications : expansion of day care and nursery provision , encouragement of pregnant schoolgirls to continue their education , radical changes in the secondary school curriculum and in the careers guidance offered to girls to enable them to compete equally for better paid , traditionally male jobs , greater home-school contacts with more support from guidance staff for children known to be in one-parent families .
this report examined the particular needs and problems of one-parent families ( one in ten of families with children by 1971 ) , and many of its recommendations had educational implications : expansion of day care and nursery provision , encouragement of pregnant schoolgirls to continue their education , radical changes in the secondary school curriculum and in the careers [help] offered to girls to enable them to compete equally for better paid , traditionally male jobs , greater home-school contacts with more support from [help] staff for children known to be in one-parent families .

The authorities were enabled to grant scholarships , and to give vocational guidance .
the authorities were enabled to grant scholarships , and to give vocational [help] .

It requested LEAs to prepare and submit to the Secretary of State plans for reorganising secondary education on comprehensive lines , and offered guidance as to methods of achieving this .
it requested leas to prepare and submit to the secretary of state plans for reorganising secondary education on comprehensive lines , and offered [help] as to methods of achieving this .

No more detailed official guidance has been given in the succeeding years .
no more detailed official [help] has been given in the succeeding years .

But in another respect they take issue directly with Richards , following the guidance of Eliot .
but in another respect they take issue directly with richards , following the [help] of eliot .

Appreciating the central role local education authorities would increasingly play in the development of education , this Report 's recommendations included the proposal that authorities must have access to an adequate level of specialist educational guidance ( Bolam et al , 1978 ) .
appreciating the central role local education authorities would increasingly play in the development of education , this report 's recommendations included the proposal that authorities must have access to an adequate level of specialist educational [help] ( bolam et al , 1978 ) .

Even under Edward 's guidance it proved difficult to feel my way into the texts he gave me to read .
even under edward 's [help] it proved difficult to feel my way into the texts he gave me to read .

The interpretation of building details is a specialised aspect of studying the landscape , but careful recording by drawings or photographs may enable experts to give some guidance as to date or former use .
the interpretation of building details is a specialised aspect of studying the landscape , but careful recording by drawings or photographs may enable experts to give some [help] as to date or former use .

One final boost and he would be up among the true stars , all guidance systems go for a seat in the House of Lords upon retirement .
one final boost and he would be up among the true stars , all [help] systems go for a seat in the house of lords upon retirement .

( It was for him that Dhuoda , far south in Uzès , now began her book of moral guidance .
( it was for him that dhuoda , far south in uzès , now began her book of moral [help] .

If there are problems with illiterate families or reluctant parents , their difficulties can be tackled not so much through decisions about resource and direction as through guidance and persuasion .
if there are problems with illiterate families or reluctant parents , their difficulties can be tackled not so much through decisions about resource and direction as through [help] and persuasion .

If schools respond in different ways to the requirement for guidance , special information and sometimes special effort which attends higher education entry as against guidance for entry into vocational education and training , is this because there are two cultures ? Or is it a conscious decision on the part of managers to handle the processes differently because schools themselves differ in their habits of work ?
if schools respond in different ways to the requirement for [help] , special information and sometimes special effort which attends higher education entry as against [help] for entry into vocational education and training , is this because there are two cultures ? or is it a conscious decision on the part of managers to handle the processes differently because schools themselves differ in their habits of work ?

Lawton ( 1989 ) provides particularly useful guidance on this as a development on earlier work on cultural analysis .
lawton ( 1989 ) provides particularly useful [help] on this as a development on earlier work on cultural analysis .

When teachers have received each final version of guidance and ministerial requirement then , despite the connections which will have been included in that guidance between a specific subject and a broader concern ( such as the encouragement of multicultural or anti-racist education ) , school managers will still be faced with a problem .
when teachers have received each final version of [help] and ministerial requirement then , despite the connections which will have been included in that [help] between a specific subject and a broader concern ( such as the encouragement of multicultural or anti-racist education ) , school managers will still be faced with a problem .

Some help in the process of internalizing these ideas will nowadays come from national curriculum guidance .
some help in the process of internalizing these ideas will nowadays come from national curriculum [help] .

Of Beck 's nine groups of moral topics , for instance , ( 1990:148 ) virtually all have some coverage either in specific subject guidance or in recommendations about non-statutory cross-curriculum themes and activities .
of beck 's nine groups of moral topics , for instance , ( 1990:148 ) virtually all have some coverage either in specific subject [help] or in recommendations about non-statutory cross-curriculum themes and activities .

They do not , unless they are particularly unwise , take action on staff appointments or dismissals without guidance from the head .
they do not , unless they are particularly unwise , take action on staff appointments or dismissals without [help] from the head .

As things stand , they are required to balance their own views , the local authority 's policy , the head 's guidance and the imperatives of the national curriculum in their school 's curriculum statement .
as things stand , they are required to balance their own views , the local authority 's policy , the head 's [help] and the imperatives of the national curriculum in their school 's curriculum statement .

Of these , the involvement of governors in the curriculum relies heavily on the guidance and initiative of the head .
of these , the involvement of governors in the curriculum relies heavily on the [help] and initiative of the head .

She was greatly valued for her knowledge , help and guidance , given unstintingly over the years .
she was greatly valued for her knowledge , help and [help] , given unstintingly over the years .

The centre enjoys excellent advice , guidance and back-up from the staff in Glasgow , allowing the business development consultants to prospect , recruit , analyse , guide , train and motivate the current and future appointed representatives within Eastern region .
the centre enjoys excellent advice , [help] and back-up from the staff in glasgow , allowing the business development consultants to prospect , recruit , analyse , guide , train and motivate the current and future appointed representatives within eastern region .

give guidance to centres on articulation routes available to candidates .
give [help] to centres on articulation routes available to candidates .

Increasingly the role of initial assessment will take on a new importance and will focus on centres ' guidance structures and procedures .
increasingly the role of initial assessment will take on a new importance and will focus on centres ' [help] structures and procedures .

1.1 This is a guidance document to draw attention to the radical changes which have taken place for Session 1987–88 to the module descriptors in :
1.1 this is a [help] document to draw attention to the radical changes which have taken place for session 1987–88 to the module descriptors in :

These guidelines have been prepared for the information and guidance of staff in centres preparing and offering the National Certificate in Travel , and should be read in conjunction with the module descriptors .
these guidelines have been prepared for the information and [help] of staff in centres preparing and offering the national certificate in travel , and should be read in conjunction with the module descriptors .

The centre would be expected to offer an appropriate studies advisory service as well as guidance and counselling , and it is strongly recommended that specialist travel staff are involved in the student recruitment process .
the centre would be expected to offer an appropriate studies advisory service as well as [help] and counselling , and it is strongly recommended that specialist travel staff are involved in the student recruitment process .

Guidance on the operation of the work experience element is outlined below .
[help] on the operation of the work experience element is outlined below .

establish , in association , with each placement , an adequate system of induction , guidance and support for the student ;
establish , in association , with each placement , an adequate system of induction , [help] and support for the student ;

providing guidance to the student on their responsibilities with regard to :
providing [help] to the student on their responsibilities with regard to :

4.2 Preferred entry level statements in the module descriptors give guidance on the demands of different modules in the cognate group and provide points of reference for selection and initial registration .
4.2 preferred entry level statements in the module descriptors give [help] on the demands of different modules in the cognate group and provide points of reference for selection and initial registration .

Although preferred entry levels are not mandatory , the guidance given in the module descriptors may be summarised as follows :
although preferred entry levels are not mandatory , the [help] given in the module descriptors may be summarised as follows :

This is a guidance document to highlight the changes which have taken place for session 1988–89 to Mathematics module descriptors .
this is a [help] document to highlight the changes which have taken place for session 1988–89 to mathematics module descriptors .

National Certificate Modules Provision in Sciences Guidance Notes
national certificate modules provision in sciences [help] notes

The support and guidance of colleagues in Industry , Schools , Further and Higher Education is also acknowledged .
the support and [help] of colleagues in industry , schools , further and higher education is also acknowledged .

The aim of this guidance document is to provide users with information that will enable them to use the new Sciences provision effectively .
the aim of this [help] document is to provide users with information that will enable them to use the new sciences provision effectively .

The suggestions which follow are offered for guidance to centres developing programmes of Sciences modules .
the suggestions which follow are offered for [help] to centres developing programmes of sciences modules .

Since this will be a new approach for many users of mathematics modules , additional support is being provided in the form of this ‘ Guide to Mathematical Investigations ’ , which includes guidance on , and exemplars of , possible investigations .
since this will be a new approach for many users of mathematics modules , additional support is being provided in the form of this ‘ guide to mathematical investigations ’ , which includes [help] on , and exemplars of , possible investigations .

Exemplar assessments could be made available for students to study in order to give guidance on what is expected .
exemplar assessments could be made available for students to study in order to give [help] on what is expected .

Group work may be encouraged during the investigation and the tutor may give appropriate guidance to the student if required .
group work may be encouraged during the investigation and the tutor may give appropriate [help] to the student if required .

Guidance should be given as appropriate to ensure that a student carries out the investigation involving mathematical techniques or skills acquired within the module .
[help] should be given as appropriate to ensure that a student carries out the investigation involving mathematical techniques or skills acquired within the module .

For projects to be completed successfully , continuing guidance and tutor support is essential .
for projects to be completed successfully , continuing [help] and tutor support is essential .

The intention is to provide practical and ethical guidance on risk issues .
the intention is to provide practical and ethical [help] on risk issues .

These parties are urged to review their current practices in relation to the guidance promoted in the Code and Guidelines and take action accordingly .
these parties are urged to review their current practices in relation to the [help] promoted in the code and guidelines and take action accordingly .

The purpose of these Guidelines is to take these general codes as a starting point and to comment on the practical implications of the responsibility owed by engineers in respect of risk issues , and to provide specific guidance to resolve risk concerns satisfactorily ( see also Guideline 3 , Resolving a Risk Concern , page 12 ) ) .
the purpose of these guidelines is to take these general codes as a starting point and to comment on the practical implications of the responsibility owed by engineers in respect of risk issues , and to provide specific [help] to resolve risk concerns satisfactorily ( see also guideline 3 , resolving a risk concern , page 12 ) ) .

Guideline 8 , Evaluation ( page 21 ) provides guidance on forming a judgement about the tolerability of risk .
guideline 8 , evaluation ( page 21 ) provides [help] on forming a judgement about the tolerability of risk .

References 9 and 11 provide guidance on good ergonomic design practice .
references 9 and 11 provide [help] on good ergonomic design practice .

General guidance on this is provided by the Health and Safety Executive .
general [help] on this is provided by the health and safety executive .

Reference 4 provides further guidance .
reference 4 provides further [help] .

The Council may provide for the appointment of an ethics committee to administer , and give guidance on , the application of the Rules of Conduct and Codes of Practice and the provisions of Bye–Laws 26 to 28 ( inclusive ) shall apply to such committee .
the council may provide for the appointment of an ethics committee to administer , and give [help] on , the application of the rules of conduct and codes of practice and the provisions of bye–laws 26 to 28 ( inclusive ) shall apply to such committee .

… there is no point in holding inquiries or publishing guidance unless the recommendations are followed diligently .
… there is no point in holding inquiries or publishing [help] unless the recommendations are followed diligently .

No documentation relating to the changes has been produced , and no guidance on their potential effects appears to have been sought from the designers of the system .
no documentation relating to the changes has been produced , and no [help] on their potential effects appears to have been sought from the designers of the system .

However , studies also showed that if bombing was accompanied by evacuation and the destruction of family ties it did induce emotional problems ; this dual verdict was stressed by the Board of Education after the war , having reviewed the evidence from child guidance clinics .
however , studies also showed that if bombing was accompanied by evacuation and the destruction of family ties it did induce emotional problems ; this dual verdict was stressed by the board of education after the war , having reviewed the evidence from child [help] clinics .

It was hoped that the responsibility and sense of restraint they had displayed under Bevin 's guidance would continue .
it was hoped that the responsibility and sense of restraint they had displayed under bevin 's [help] would continue .

The child guidance movement had created a multiplying number of clinics already , particularly acceptable in wartime , and this multiplication continued when war was over .
the child [help] movement had created a multiplying number of clinics already , particularly acceptable in wartime , and this multiplication continued when war was over .

Guidance and assistance on filing procedures is available as required .
[help] and assistance on filing procedures is available as required .

Under the guidance of a Head of Section the postholder will enforce all Trading Standards legislation , investigate complaints and provide advice and assistance to trade , industry and consumers as appropriate .
under the [help] of a head of section the postholder will enforce all trading standards legislation , investigate complaints and provide advice and assistance to trade , industry and consumers as appropriate .

To provide advice and guidance to businesses to enable them to comply with the requirements of the legislation enforced .
to provide advice and [help] to businesses to enable them to comply with the requirements of the legislation enforced .

To undertake more complex complaints , investigations and enquiries and to advise the staff of the section in the direction of investigations , giving support and guidance on the interpretation and application of legislation .
to undertake more complex complaints , investigations and enquiries and to advise the staff of the section in the direction of investigations , giving support and [help] on the interpretation and application of legislation .

Under instruction and guidance from the Divisional Officer , assist local trade , industry and commerce develop Quality Assurance Management systems .
under instruction and [help] from the divisional officer , assist local trade , industry and commerce develop quality assurance management systems .

To monitor , advise and produce guidance notes , when appropriate , on all new legislation affecting work of the section .
to monitor , advise and produce [help] notes , when appropriate , on all new legislation affecting work of the section .

And with Wimpey Homes ’ expert guidance were able to secure finance to buy the two-bedroom showhome at the Trenethick Farm development in Helston .
and with wimpey homes ’ expert [help] were able to secure finance to buy the two-bedroom showhome at the trenethick farm development in helston .

Advisory groups and panels were asked to assess and rate research quality , but no guidance was given on how to identify or recognize quality .
advisory groups and panels were asked to assess and rate research quality , but no [help] was given on how to identify or recognize quality .

Philosophical guidance can never resolve the particular problems of social research .
philosophical [help] can never resolve the particular problems of social research .

Questionnaires are sometimes used without an interviewer , the respondent completing the questionnaire without any assistance other than the guidance provided by the written instructions on the questionnaire itself .
questionnaires are sometimes used without an interviewer , the respondent completing the questionnaire without any assistance other than the [help] provided by the written instructions on the questionnaire itself .

In studies such as these the researcher might interview a small group of people in a fairly free-ranging manner with the intention of gaining useful guidance for the construction of more systematic and standardised interview schedules .
in studies such as these the researcher might interview a small group of people in a fairly free-ranging manner with the intention of gaining useful [help] for the construction of more systematic and standardised interview schedules .

Resignation of Islamic Guidance and Culture minister
resignation of islamic [help] and culture minister

The Minister of Culture and Islamic Guidance , Mohammed Khatami , resigned on July 16 and was replaced on a provisional basis by Ali Larijani .
the minister of culture and islamic [help] , mohammed khatami , resigned on july 16 and was replaced on a provisional basis by ali larijani .

While attempting to deliver a lecture on `` guidance for student life `` , Chung was seized by some 500 students and dragged around the campus for 30 minutes , during which time he was kicked , punched and pelted with eggs and flour .
while attempting to deliver a lecture on `` [help] for student life `` , chung was seized by some 500 students and dragged around the campus for 30 minutes , during which time he was kicked , punched and pelted with eggs and flour .

Nevertheless the rapidly amended `` signing statement `` generated renewed controversy over its declaration that analysis of the legislation , written by the administration and submitted into the legislative record by Senator Robert Dole ( Kansas ) , `` will be treated as the authoritative interpretative guidance `` by all officials in enforcing the law .
nevertheless the rapidly amended `` signing statement `` generated renewed controversy over its declaration that analysis of the legislation , written by the administration and submitted into the legislative record by senator robert dole ( kansas ) , `` will be treated as the authoritative interpretative [help] `` by all officials in enforcing the law .

Speculation concerning his forthcoming retirement was further dampened when in August the elder Kim proved his continuing stamina by undertaking a 19-day `` on the spot guidance `` tour of North Hamgyong Province .
speculation concerning his forthcoming retirement was further dampened when in august the elder kim proved his continuing stamina by undertaking a 19-day `` on the spot [help] `` tour of north hamgyong province .

While history teachers would wish to eschew the more brash sales methods they may nevertheless welcome some guidance on appropriate methods and strategies for promoting their subject .
while history teachers would wish to eschew the more brash sales methods they may nevertheless welcome some [help] on appropriate methods and strategies for promoting their subject .

The final part of this chapter offers guidance on how this task can be approached .
the final part of this chapter offers [help] on how this task can be approached .

Detailed guidance has been given by the Curriculum Councils for history which will not be repeated here .
detailed [help] has been given by the curriculum councils for history which will not be repeated here .

The Non-Statutory Guidance available from the National Curriculum Council in England and the Curriculum Council for Wales in Wales offers useful models for teachers planning a study unit ( appendix 1 ) .
the non-statutory [help] available from the national curriculum council in england and the curriculum council for wales in wales offers useful models for teachers planning a study unit ( appendix 1 ) .

Many teachers will wish to make use of a planning grid such as that suggested in the aforementioned Non-Statutory Guidance .
many teachers will wish to make use of a planning grid such as that suggested in the aforementioned non-statutory [help] .

As shown in the National Curriculum Council Non-Statutory Guidance the process of enquiry might involve pupils in : ( 1 ) posing questions and formulating hypotheses ; ( 2 ) planning investigations ; ( 3 ) finding , collecting and recording information ; ( 4 ) assessing and organising information ; ( 5 ) interpreting ; ( 6 ) analysing the information as evidence for the enquiry .
as shown in the national curriculum council non-statutory [help] the process of enquiry might involve pupils in : ( 1 ) posing questions and formulating hypotheses ; ( 2 ) planning investigations ; ( 3 ) finding , collecting and recording information ; ( 4 ) assessing and organising information ; ( 5 ) interpreting ; ( 6 ) analysing the information as evidence for the enquiry .

Also as has been suggested in the Non-Statutory Guidance for history from the National Curriculum Council pupils could be given a selection of materials in a scissor and paste exercise to design a poster explaining why French people wanted a revolution in 1789 .
also as has been suggested in the non-statutory [help] for history from the national curriculum council pupils could be given a selection of materials in a scissor and paste exercise to design a poster explaining why french people wanted a revolution in 1789 .

Pupils can be helped to come to a deeper understanding of other peoples and/or events with the questioner 's guidance .
pupils can be helped to come to a deeper understanding of other peoples and/or events with the questioner 's [help] .

Some guidance can be derived from a study of flexible learning methods where whole courses have been designed for students in this staged progressive fashion .
some [help] can be derived from a study of flexible learning methods where whole courses have been designed for students in this staged progressive fashion .

Pupils should be well prepared , and it is advisable to issue them with a guidance sheet that can be shown to the staff .
pupils should be well prepared , and it is advisable to issue them with a [help] sheet that can be shown to the staff .

( 9 ) Many offices produce teacher 's handbooks or information sheets , offering further guidance .
( 9 ) many offices produce teacher 's handbooks or information sheets , offering further [help] .

Your guidance would be helpful .
your [help] would be helpful .

The next case provides some useful guidance on distinguishing between fixtures and fittings .
the next case provides some useful [help] on distinguishing between fixtures and fittings .

Tagro v Cafane gives valuable guidance on the scope of the `` reinstatement `` defences … Both defences depend upon reinstatement being offered or obtained .
tagro v cafane gives valuable [help] on the scope of the `` reinstatement `` defences … both defences depend upon reinstatement being offered or obtained .

Unfortunately the authorities give only limited guidance as to what breaches are " capable of remedy " …
unfortunately the authorities give only limited [help] as to what breaches are " capable of remedy " …

We can sum up this discussion of exam questions with the following pieces of guidance ( in Chapter 5 , we consider in more detail how you actually write the passages which perform the functions we suggest here ) : * Write an introductory paragraph , but do n't use it as a way to put off answering the question .
we can sum up this discussion of exam questions with the following pieces of [help] ( in chapter 5 , we consider in more detail how you actually write the passages which perform the functions we suggest here ) : * write an introductory paragraph , but do n't use it as a way to put off answering the question .

Among the best places to look for guidance are the relevant manuals themselves ( see our Booklist at the end of this book ) .
among the best places to look for [help] are the relevant manuals themselves ( see our booklist at the end of this book ) .

Under the guidance of British Meat Catering , some highly interesting results were observed on the latest kitchen ready cuts which would have been previously destined for the grill or griddle .
under the [help] of british meat catering , some highly interesting results were observed on the latest kitchen ready cuts which would have been previously destined for the grill or griddle .

What it does ensure is that the chef has complete control over some of the most vital tools of his trade , with computer guidance as an important aid .
what it does ensure is that the chef has complete control over some of the most vital tools of his trade , with computer [help] as an important aid .

The Act gives specific guidance on certain points in relation to the duty of care .
the act gives specific [help] on certain points in relation to the duty of care .

Sometimes the statute will give guidance on this question .
sometimes the statute will give [help] on this question .

We will wish to introduce clear guidance and operational systems to expedite this as soon as possible .
we will wish to introduce clear [help] and operational systems to expedite this as soon as possible .

Guidance material for the new batch of general SVQs is in preparation and will be distributed to all centres in the spring .
[help] material for the new batch of general svqs is in preparation and will be distributed to all centres in the spring .

The guidance will be similar to that already produced for the first phase of general SVQs .
the [help] will be similar to that already produced for the first phase of general svqs .

provide information and guidance to students and parents
provide information and [help] to students and parents

The Standards and Guidance Committee is satisfied that the professions listed below are so regulated as to make it appropriate for solicitors to enter into MNPs with members of those professions , and for members of those professions to be officers of recognised bodies , in accordance with Schedule 14 paragraph 2(2) of the Courts and Legal Services Act 1990 .
the standards and [help] committee is satisfied that the professions listed below are so regulated as to make it appropriate for solicitors to enter into mnps with members of those professions , and for members of those professions to be officers of recognised bodies , in accordance with schedule 14 paragraph 2(2) of the courts and legal services act 1990 .

The Solicitors ' Incorporated Practice Rules ( the Rules ) as amended by the Multi-National Legal Practice Rules 1991 do not require the use of these Memorandum and Articles of Association ; they are included in this pack for guidance only .
the solicitors ' incorporated practice rules ( the rules ) as amended by the multi-national legal practice rules 1991 do not require the use of these memorandum and articles of association ; they are included in this pack for [help] only .

Provisions not identified below as being required by the Companies Act or as being necessary to ensure a practice 's ability to comply with the Rules are simply suggested by way of guidance ; practitioners should be aware that other approaches may be taken to the matters covered by such provisions .
provisions not identified below as being required by the companies act or as being necessary to ensure a practice 's ability to comply with the rules are simply suggested by way of [help] ; practitioners should be aware that other approaches may be taken to the matters covered by such provisions .

The Solicitors ' Incorporated Practice Rules ( the Rules ) as amended by the Multi-National Legal Practice Rules 1991 do not require the use of these Memorandum and Articles of Association ; they are included in this pack for guidance only .
the solicitors ' incorporated practice rules ( the rules ) as amended by the multi-national legal practice rules 1991 do not require the use of these memorandum and articles of association ; they are included in this pack for [help] only .

Provisions not identified below as being required by the Companies Act or as being necessary to ensure a practice 's ability to comply with the Rules are simply suggested by way of guidance ; practitioners should be aware that other approaches may be taken to the matters covered by such provisions .
provisions not identified below as being required by the companies act or as being necessary to ensure a practice 's ability to comply with the rules are simply suggested by way of [help] ; practitioners should be aware that other approaches may be taken to the matters covered by such provisions .

In the absence of any clear guidance in the Act and until we have judicial precedent which explains the meaning of `` computer-generated `` , it is important that contractual provisions are made to cover the ownership of rights in the output of such intermediate works .
in the absence of any clear [help] in the act and until we have judicial precedent which explains the meaning of `` computer-generated `` , it is important that contractual provisions are made to cover the ownership of rights in the output of such intermediate works .

The software company which supplied the package is not unsympathetic but claims that it was just not given clear and sufficient guidance as to what was expected of the software .
the software company which supplied the package is not unsympathetic but claims that it was just not given clear and sufficient [help] as to what was expected of the software .

The change happened under the guidance of Beau Brummel , though Fox , according to Wraxall , had `` first thrown a sort of discredit on dress `` — and this great alteration , which Walpole had seen to begin , took place within the Age of Scandal .
the change happened under the [help] of beau brummel , though fox , according to wraxall , had `` first thrown a sort of discredit on dress `` — and this great alteration , which walpole had seen to begin , took place within the age of scandal .

Without the guidance of the nuns , Tilda seemed to have lost her last vestige of moral sense .
without the [help] of the nuns , tilda seemed to have lost her last vestige of moral sense .

There will be lots of guidance and an emphasis on demystification .
there will be lots of [help] and an emphasis on demystification .

In the absence of any informed critical guidance , it is true , they would be unable to go any further : the experience would remain isolated and leave nothing behind it .
in the absence of any informed critical [help] , it is true , they would be unable to go any further : the experience would remain isolated and leave nothing behind it .

In return for guidance to riches in copper , Simon would upon his death part with his soul to the terrible one … it was however , to be a very secret pact .
in return for [help] to riches in copper , simon would upon his death part with his soul to the terrible one … it was however , to be a very secret pact .

It would often be necessary to go back to the user and ask for guidance on whether to broaden the search .
it would often be necessary to go back to the user and ask for [help] on whether to broaden the search .

Troilus has nothing which is obviously valuable to defend or give him guidance .
troilus has nothing which is obviously valuable to defend or give him [help] .

In expressing the view that he felt he was n't making a large contribution to the activities of the Commission , he also requested some guidance on what his role should be or what view the Commission had about his role .
in expressing the view that he felt he was n't making a large contribution to the activities of the commission , he also requested some [help] on what his role should be or what view the commission had about his role .

This is not seen as a very attractive chore but is probably the most important of all and really depends on the goodwill of a few people under the guidance of Annie Hanlon .
this is not seen as a very attractive chore but is probably the most important of all and really depends on the goodwill of a few people under the [help] of annie hanlon .

An oesophageal tube was placed just above the obstacle under fluoroscopic guidance to drain the saliva .
an oesophageal tube was placed just above the obstacle under fluoroscopic [help] to drain the saliva .

We are very aware that employers , particularly in small firms , need simple , accessible guidance on the relevant legal requirements and on how to avoid the costs which can arise from risky , and often inefficient , manual handling practices .
we are very aware that employers , particularly in small firms , need simple , accessible [help] on the relevant legal requirements and on how to avoid the costs which can arise from risky , and often inefficient , manual handling practices .

The information pack includes a free new booklet , ‘ Getting to Grips with Manual Handling ’ , which briefly describes the main legal requirements and gives guidance on when risk assessments are needed , on simple and cost-effective steps that might be taken to reduce risk and on handling techniques .
the information pack includes a free new booklet , ‘ getting to grips with manual handling ’ , which briefly describes the main legal requirements and gives [help] on when risk assessments are needed , on simple and cost-effective steps that might be taken to reduce risk and on handling techniques .

The pack also includes general guidance for employers and employees on the prevention of work-related musculo-skeletal disorders , and an assessment checklist designed to help most employers who have to carry out an assessment of their manual handling operations to do so quickly and at minimum cost .
the pack also includes general [help] for employers and employees on the prevention of work-related musculo-skeletal disorders , and an assessment checklist designed to help most employers who have to carry out an assessment of their manual handling operations to do so quickly and at minimum cost .

All individuals gave informed consent and had gastric juice analysis : after an overnight fast , a nasogastric tube was positioned in the gastric antrum with endoscopy guidance and its correct position checked by the water recovery test with the subjects in semirecumbent position .
all individuals gave informed consent and had gastric juice analysis : after an overnight fast , a nasogastric tube was positioned in the gastric antrum with endoscopy [help] and its correct position checked by the water recovery test with the subjects in semirecumbent position .

The Company complies with The Code of Best Practice incorporated in the Report of the Cadbury Committee on The Financial Aspects of Corporate Governance except for the recommendation to include an ‘ Operating Financial Review ’ in the Annual Report , as insufficient guidance is available at present as to content .
the company complies with the code of best practice incorporated in the report of the cadbury committee on the financial aspects of corporate governance except for the recommendation to include an ‘ operating financial review ’ in the annual report , as insufficient [help] is available at present as to content .

It will also give guidance on means of achieving fair distribution of work within chambers .
it will also give [help] on means of achieving fair distribution of work within chambers .

how well had they understood what was required by the review , how adequate was their guidance , how much preliminary discussion there had been and how competent they had felt to conduct a review ;
how well had they understood what was required by the review , how adequate was their [help] , how much preliminary discussion there had been and how competent they had felt to conduct a review ;

Some guidance in analysing these potential situations is available via transactional analysis , described in Chapter 11 .
some [help] in analysing these potential situations is available via transactional analysis , described in chapter 11 .

According to Mr Ryder , the nuclear inspectors decided to get together to swap information and to identify ‘ good practice ’ that might be codified into formal guidance notes .
according to mr ryder , the nuclear inspectors decided to get together to swap information and to identify ‘ good practice ’ that might be codified into formal [help] notes .

Sir : Chris Patten 's new draft guidance on planning for housing and his rejection of a new town in Hampshire are both very encouraging .
sir : chris patten 's new draft [help] on planning for housing and his rejection of a new town in hampshire are both very encouraging .

Alongside his Foxley Wood decision he published new planning guidance which tilted the general balance against giving permission for house-building .
alongside his foxley wood decision he published new planning [help] which tilted the general balance against giving permission for house-building .

For the Scots would hardly have accepted the reformers ' belief in God 's especial guidance with such assurance had they not been long accustomed to think of themselves with a high level of worldly confidence .
for the scots would hardly have accepted the reformers ' belief in god 's especial [help] with such assurance had they not been long accustomed to think of themselves with a high level of worldly confidence .

Fringe jumps well enough but he likes guidance .
fringe jumps well enough but he likes [help] .

In its journeying the eye needs guidance and will reject ambiguity as a form of dazzle .
in its journeying the eye needs [help] and will reject ambiguity as a form of dazzle .

The flow chart is not supposed to be rigid or to be adhered to at all costs ; more a source of guidance and reference and a way of keeping check on the different activities that go on simultaneously as you move towards that special day .
the flow chart is not supposed to be rigid or to be adhered to at all costs ; more a source of [help] and reference and a way of keeping check on the different activities that go on simultaneously as you move towards that special day .

One day , however , walking by the seashore he met an elderly Christian who told him about the Hebrew prophets , undermined his naïve confidence in the moral guidance of philosophers , and converted him to Christianity .
one day , however , walking by the seashore he met an elderly christian who told him about the hebrew prophets , undermined his naïve confidence in the moral [help] of philosophers , and converted him to christianity .

If the dieter feels she needs extra guidance or added structure to meal planning , she can always refer back to the suggested meals for good nutrition that we gave at the end of Chapter 4 .
if the dieter feels she needs extra [help] or added structure to meal planning , she can always refer back to the suggested meals for good nutrition that we gave at the end of chapter 4 .

The Zuwaya had not settled every part of their historical record , nor was there a corpus of historical knowledge they had to study for its guidance and understanding .
the zuwaya had not settled every part of their historical record , nor was there a corpus of historical knowledge they had to study for its [help] and understanding .

In addition to providing supplies of ‘ consumables ’ , the franchisor also normally provides the outlet with advice and frequently accountancy help , plus guidance on publicity and efficient management .
in addition to providing supplies of ‘ consumables ’ , the franchisor also normally provides the outlet with advice and frequently accountancy help , plus [help] on publicity and efficient management .

The military world was on the threshold of far-reaching revolutionary changes in weapon technology , not only in atomic weapons , but also in propulsion systems , missile guidance and electronics generally .
the military world was on the threshold of far-reaching revolutionary changes in weapon technology , not only in atomic weapons , but also in propulsion systems , missile [help] and electronics generally .

The first was Blue Boar , a glide missile with television guidance and a range of only 25 nautical miles , on which preliminary work had begun in 1951 .
the first was blue boar , a glide missile with television [help] and a range of only 25 nautical miles , on which preliminary work had begun in 1951 .

And surely the spectacle of American airlines gobbling each other up and then going bust suggests that government guidance is needed to preserve the orderly flow of airline flights ?
and surely the spectacle of american airlines gobbling each other up and then going bust suggests that government [help] is needed to preserve the orderly flow of airline flights ?

The European Council would give guidance to this set-up for ‘ inter-governmental co-operation ’ and , as with ‘ European Political Co-operation ’ in foreign policy , the commission would be allowed to sit in .
the european council would give [help] to this set-up for ‘ inter-governmental co-operation ’ and , as with ‘ european political co-operation ’ in foreign policy , the commission would be allowed to sit in .

Cultivated gentlemen could , with the help of a very good builder , sometimes get by with a minimum of help from the architect , for these books provided inspiration , theory and practical guidance .
cultivated gentlemen could , with the help of a very good builder , sometimes get by with a minimum of help from the architect , for these books provided inspiration , theory and practical [help] .

When the missile nears its target , it stops relying on radar and turns on a more acute guidance system .
when the missile nears its target , it stops relying on radar and turns on a more acute [help] system .

Much of the precision comes from laser guidance .
much of the precision comes from laser [help] .

The computers then use it to check the guidance instructions .
the computers then use it to check the [help] instructions .

He has ruled autocratically ever since , helped by handouts and guidance from France , and with French soldiers in the background .
he has ruled autocratically ever since , helped by handouts and [help] from france , and with french soldiers in the background .

But the generals could not afford to wait , and started work well before they could get any useful political guidance .
but the generals could not afford to wait , and started work well before they could get any useful political [help] .

Letter to the Editor : Pope 's guidance in election
letter to the editor : pope 's [help] in election

Since the Court of Appeal judgment in the Sonia Sutcliffe case , when damages of £600,000 awarded to the wife of the Yorkshire Ripper against Private Eye were reduced by consent to £60,000 , judges have been encouraged to give general guidance to juries .
since the court of appeal judgment in the sonia sutcliffe case , when damages of £600,000 awarded to the wife of the yorkshire ripper against private eye were reduced by consent to £60,000 , judges have been encouraged to give general [help] to juries .

But he was not able to give any more specific guidance to the jury on how they should seek to compare the harm suffered by Donovan as a result of the libel with that suffered by those claiming damages in personal injury cases .
but he was not able to give any more specific [help] to the jury on how they should seek to compare the harm suffered by donovan as a result of the libel with that suffered by those claiming damages in personal injury cases .

But damages awarded by juries in libel cases for injury to reputation are ‘ at large ’ and only subject to the general guidance by judges and limited powers for the Court of Appeal to correct those that are excessive .
but damages awarded by juries in libel cases for injury to reputation are ‘ at large ’ and only subject to the general [help] by judges and limited powers for the court of appeal to correct those that are excessive .

Those shown in the Flight Timetable are for guidance only and may have changed .
those shown in the flight timetable are for [help] only and may have changed .

Flight timings are shown for guidance only and are local times based on the 24 hour clock system .
flight timings are shown for [help] only and are local times based on the 24 hour clock system .

Those shown in the brochure are for guidance only and may have changed since we went to press .
those shown in the brochure are for [help] only and may have changed since we went to press .

Therefore timings are for guidance only .
therefore timings are for [help] only .

This includes advice , guidance and initial financial assistance where appropriate up to a limit of £5,000 per person .
this includes advice , [help] and initial financial assistance where appropriate up to a limit of £5,000 per person .

Facilitator : providing guidance , advice and acting as a resource for personal and team development , i.e. facilitating motivation , stimulating effective communication and providing recognition and feedback .
facilitator : providing [help] , advice and acting as a resource for personal and team development , i.e. facilitating motivation , stimulating effective communication and providing recognition and feedback .

Providing explicit guidance on standards and levels of performance .
providing explicit [help] on standards and levels of performance .

He hopes that the discussion will not take up too much of their time , but assures them that their advice and guidance will be of great importance .
he hopes that the discussion will not take up too much of their time , but assures them that their advice and [help] will be of great importance .

We will provide guidance and help to any British company encountering a trade barrier illegal under European law .
we will provide [help] and help to any british company encountering a trade barrier illegal under european law .

We will update and — for the first time — publish the guidance for Ministers on procedure .
we will update and — for the first time — publish the [help] for ministers on procedure .

We will launch with the TECs a new initiative , giving people a voucher with which they can buy a ‘ skill check ’ , providing assessment and guidance on how to make the most of their working lives .
we will launch with the tecs a new initiative , giving people a voucher with which they can buy a ‘ skill check ’ , providing assessment and [help] on how to make the most of their working lives .

We will produce guidance on the preparation of local Indicative Forestry Strategies designed to encourage new woodlands , while steering planting away from sensitive areas .
we will produce [help] on the preparation of local indicative forestry strategies designed to encourage new woodlands , while steering planting away from sensitive areas .

We will consult on our recently published draft planning policy guidance designed to provide a clear framework for decisions on developments to aid tourism .
we will consult on our recently published draft planning policy [help] designed to provide a clear framework for decisions on developments to aid tourism .

However , it is envisaged that technical guidance will be given in an Approved Document , which will be available when the act comes into force — this will be similar to the procedure adopted with the Building Regulations .
however , it is envisaged that technical [help] will be given in an approved document , which will be available when the act comes into force — this will be similar to the procedure adopted with the building regulations .

This information will probably include simple guidance about the use and care of the detectors , and possibly a copy of the manufacturer 's instructions .
this information will probably include simple [help] about the use and care of the detectors , and possibly a copy of the manufacturer 's instructions .

You retain a high degree of independence , but with the support and guidance of the franchiser .
you retain a high degree of independence , but with the support and [help] of the franchiser .

Our main role will be to assist in an advisory capacity in the development of future business plans and to give financial guidance .
our main role will be to assist in an advisory capacity in the development of future business plans and to give financial [help] .

Your questions and general approach should draw out of each subordinate how they intend to proceed , giving guidance and information only where this is essential .
your questions and general approach should draw out of each subordinate how they intend to proceed , giving [help] and information only where this is essential .

This is to help them understand how their own thinking is developing under your guidance .
this is to help them understand how their own thinking is developing under your [help] .

For example , some subordinates may enthusiastically welcome your enquiries , respond readily to indirect guidance and need little or no prompting to seek out information .
for example , some subordinates may enthusiastically welcome your enquiries , respond readily to indirect [help] and need little or no prompting to seek out information .

Diana was still the new girl in those days , very much learning as she went along , shy and unsure of herself , and leaning heavily on others for support and guidance .
diana was still the new girl in those days , very much learning as she went along , shy and unsure of herself , and leaning heavily on others for support and [help] .

It would perhaps be too trite to pretend that the Prince and Princess 's marriage was saved by Diana 's involvement with Relate ( formerly called the Marriage Guidance Council ) .
it would perhaps be too trite to pretend that the prince and princess 's marriage was saved by diana 's involvement with relate ( formerly called the marriage [help] council ) .

In the early days Diana had had some guidance from Sir Richard Attenborough .
in the early days diana had had some [help] from sir richard attenborough .

However , Mr Hawkes should note the need for public relations guidance , as perhaps the local government officials mentioned have their financial hands tied by central Government which in turn accepts contributions to the Conservative Party , from Forte .
however , mr hawkes should note the need for public relations [help] , as perhaps the local government officials mentioned have their financial hands tied by central government which in turn accepts contributions to the conservative party , from forte .

Zelda West-Meads of the marriage guidance counselling service , Relate , believes it 's perfectly acceptable to change your partner in the way Madeline and Judith have done , although she would recommend you using more tact than Judith did .
zelda west-meads of the marriage [help] counselling service , relate , believes it 's perfectly acceptable to change your partner in the way madeline and judith have done , although she would recommend you using more tact than judith did .

The captain and stand-off has taken time out to recover fully from a pre-season hand injury , and Bath will be grateful of his guidance .
the captain and stand-off has taken time out to recover fully from a pre-season hand injury , and bath will be grateful of his [help] .

’ Sir Terence adds that he is enclosing for Christopher Patten a copy of the rules which the Cabinet Office has issued for the guidance of officials ‘ on such exercises ’ .
’ sir terence adds that he is enclosing for christopher patten a copy of the rules which the cabinet office has issued for the [help] of officials ‘ on such exercises ’ .

This booklet gives you guidance on how to deal with the problem in the workplace .
this booklet gives you [help] on how to deal with the problem in the workplace .

More informal guidance can be found in books with a personal approach , in which class the Companion Guide to Rome by Georgina Masson is exemplary ( first published in 1965 ) . There is adequate historical data about the Sistine Chapel , but there is also a personal response :
more informal [help] can be found in books with a personal approach , in which class the companion guide to rome by georgina masson is exemplary ( first published in 1965 ) . there is adequate historical data about the sistine chapel , but there is also a personal response :

Like her , he relied on clichés for guidance , for cross-cultural understanding .
like her , he relied on clichés for [help] , for cross-cultural understanding .

With Alan 's guidance , you will choose from the Bradstone range of paving and walling .
with alan 's [help] , you will choose from the bradstone range of paving and walling .

Certainly he came under such guidance from within his family which clashed with his own predilections , for his varsity life seems to have been plagued by vocational uncertainty and more than a touch of its weakening indifference .
certainly he came under such [help] from within his family which clashed with his own predilections , for his varsity life seems to have been plagued by vocational uncertainty and more than a touch of its weakening indifference .

The issue of heeding the church was not simply one of seeking a mediator of divine guidance on matters of Christian conscience .
the issue of heeding the church was not simply one of seeking a mediator of divine [help] on matters of christian conscience .

If guidance were to be sought in matters which hovered on the boundary between the two , it was likely that the church would be seen by people and politicians as authoritative in resolving the issue .
if [help] were to be sought in matters which hovered on the boundary between the two , it was likely that the church would be seen by people and politicians as authoritative in resolving the issue .

On the one hand , the laity would not understand the complexity of the issues because of their poor understanding of Christian doctrine and the intricacies of morality ; on the other , the area of the sacred in the political arena was clearly defined , and clear guidance from the clerical church was both necessary and expected by good Christian politicians .
on the one hand , the laity would not understand the complexity of the issues because of their poor understanding of christian doctrine and the intricacies of morality ; on the other , the area of the sacred in the political arena was clearly defined , and clear [help] from the clerical church was both necessary and expected by good christian politicians .

The family had changed , and its various functions of education , food production , and the manufacture of clothing were already in part relinquished to a variety of institutions whose smooth functioning rested on the intervention and guidance of the nation state .
the family had changed , and its various functions of education , food production , and the manufacture of clothing were already in part relinquished to a variety of institutions whose smooth functioning rested on the intervention and [help] of the nation state .

He also instructed his parish priests in a letter , leaked to the Irish Times , to have the bishops pastoral Marriage , the Family and Divorce distributed to every home in the archdiocese along with special bidding prayers invoking divine protection for marriages and the guidance of Holy Spirit ‘ at this critical time of decision for families and our country ’ ( Irish Times , 17 May 1986 ) .
he also instructed his parish priests in a letter , leaked to the irish times , to have the bishops pastoral marriage , the family and divorce distributed to every home in the archdiocese along with special bidding prayers invoking divine protection for marriages and the [help] of holy spirit ‘ at this critical time of decision for families and our country ’ ( irish times , 17 may 1986 ) .

New Opportunities for Women/Wider Opportunities courses : ask at your local college , Jobcentre or educational guidance centre .
new opportunities for women/wider opportunities courses : ask at your local college , jobcentre or educational [help] centre .

We do not need to be aggressive and anxious if we have open access to the Father , the indwelling presence of Christ in our hearts , and the guidance of the Holy Spirit .
we do not need to be aggressive and anxious if we have open access to the father , the indwelling presence of christ in our hearts , and the [help] of the holy spirit .

It is intended to provide guidance for the chemist or technician in the laboratory .
it is intended to provide [help] for the chemist or technician in the laboratory .

Obsessed with these circulation problems , architects looked for guidance to the ancient world .
obsessed with these circulation problems , architects looked for [help] to the ancient world .

The growing complexity of the tasks undertaken by the schools produced a new emphasis on careers guidance and upon counselling , for both of which staffing provision now had to be made .
the growing complexity of the tasks undertaken by the schools produced a new emphasis on careers [help] and upon counselling , for both of which staffing provision now had to be made .

Florey had been supported by the Rockefeller Foundation and received guidance where to look .
florey had been supported by the rockefeller foundation and received [help] where to look .

In Mr Cherry 's case Mr Lawson submitted that the decision to postpone service of a specific regulation 7 notice was mistaken and contrary to Home Office guidance , particularly when a criminal offence was involved .
in mr cherry 's case mr lawson submitted that the decision to postpone service of a specific regulation 7 notice was mistaken and contrary to home office [help] , particularly when a criminal offence was involved .

We offer free and expert guidance on all the finance aspects of home purchase .
we offer free and expert [help] on all the finance aspects of home purchase .

If you are looking for a pension or other financial advice we can similarly give you information and guidance to make the right decision .
if you are looking for a pension or other financial advice we can similarly give you information and [help] to make the right decision .

He conjured before their minds a poetic word-picture of St Aidan coming from Iona in Scotland and settling there with his band of monks to pray and to spread Christianity among the heathen English ; and spoke of St Cuthbert to whom on that spot the people went to seek help and comfort and guidance , until he fled across the sands and sea to be alone with God on his island — so carry the lesson back , to a county black with people and with coal , carry back the need for quiet , and separation from whirl , and silence ; and so heaven will be nearer .
he conjured before their minds a poetic word-picture of st aidan coming from iona in scotland and settling there with his band of monks to pray and to spread christianity among the heathen english ; and spoke of st cuthbert to whom on that spot the people went to seek help and comfort and [help] , until he fled across the sands and sea to be alone with god on his island — so carry the lesson back , to a county black with people and with coal , carry back the need for quiet , and separation from whirl , and silence ; and so heaven will be nearer .

The paper will be processed from pineapple and banana leaves , under the initial guidance of a Canadian crafts specialist .
the paper will be processed from pineapple and banana leaves , under the initial [help] of a canadian crafts specialist .

Phoebe could accept that , it was how grandmothers were meant to be , but when she turned to her friends , looking for guidance and inspiration , she did not find it .
phoebe could accept that , it was how grandmothers were meant to be , but when she turned to her friends , looking for [help] and inspiration , she did not find it .

Even more did she rely on the guidance of Sir Keith Joseph , another rebel against the Heath interlude , whose speeches in 1974 first traced the clear lines of monetarism and market strategy which by 1979 had become the orthodoxy in many Conservative circles .
even more did she rely on the [help] of sir keith joseph , another rebel against the heath interlude , whose speeches in 1974 first traced the clear lines of monetarism and market strategy which by 1979 had become the orthodoxy in many conservative circles .

Lotus 's engineering consultancy began to take off in 1981 under Rudd 's guidance .
lotus 's engineering consultancy began to take off in 1981 under rudd 's [help] .

Rather , the tradition includes and is aware of its primitive origins : this reminds the tradition of its vulnerability and need to look for higher guidance , while keeping it aware of crude root emotions which can not be avoided .
rather , the tradition includes and is aware of its primitive origins : this reminds the tradition of its vulnerability and need to look for higher [help] , while keeping it aware of crude root emotions which can not be avoided .

If they have , follow the guidance given on the form .
if they have , follow the [help] given on the form .

Their perceptions of press bias did not prompt readers to reject press guidance .
their perceptions of press bias did not prompt readers to reject press [help] .

From article 119 itself and guidance from the cases , a statutory redundancy payment was not ‘ pay ’ within article 119 .
from article 119 itself and [help] from the cases , a statutory redundancy payment was not ‘ pay ’ within article 119 .

Mr Patten yesterday issued a draft housing planning policy guidance note , which will update previous documents .
mr patten yesterday issued a draft housing planning policy [help] note , which will update previous documents .

Mr Patten 's new policy guidance does not say the South-east 's housing provision can be held static , and it reminds planners that their job is to provide an adequate flow of land into new housing .
mr patten 's new policy [help] does not say the south-east 's housing provision can be held static , and it reminds planners that their job is to provide an adequate flow of land into new housing .

But his latest ‘ papal bull ’ — that is what planning guidance notes are , announcing changes and yet stressing tradition as they do — emphasises that ‘ town cramming ’ is to be frowned on .
but his latest ‘ papal bull ’ — that is what planning [help] notes are , announcing changes and yet stressing tradition as they do — emphasises that ‘ town cramming ’ is to be frowned on .

New guidance from the Department of Health says that with health authorities becoming purchasers of care from self-governing , directly managed and private hospitals , there has to be a risk of hospitals gaining a local monopoly of a particular service , or joining others in cartels .
new [help] from the department of health says that with health authorities becoming purchasers of care from self-governing , directly managed and private hospitals , there has to be a risk of hospitals gaining a local monopoly of a particular service , or joining others in cartels .

Aided by the Prince 's Youth Business Trust and others , the intention is that the Commission should produce guidance to encourage greater active citizenship from our earliest school days through to our retirement .
aided by the prince 's youth business trust and others , the intention is that the commission should produce [help] to encourage greater active citizenship from our earliest school days through to our retirement .

Three free guidance leaflets for chemical manufacturing firms have been produced by the Health and Safety Executive .
three free [help] leaflets for chemical manufacturing firms have been produced by the health and safety executive .

‘ One thing we do n't need in this subcontinent , ’ Professor Rokeya Kabeer observed , ‘ is spiritual guidance — we have gurus a dime a dozen .
‘ one thing we do n't need in this subcontinent , ’ professor rokeya kabeer observed , ‘ is spiritual [help] — we have gurus a dime a dozen .

He was not as successful with melons because even ‘ Miller 's very fine old seed produced abominable fruit , and after trials covering five years he wrote to Chelsea for guidance .
he was not as successful with melons because even ‘ miller 's very fine old seed produced abominable fruit , and after trials covering five years he wrote to chelsea for [help] .

Cultivators of roses were given the usual careful guidance .
cultivators of roses were given the usual careful [help] .

His guidance on mixed planting should appeal to those who prefer to grow their roses informally today .
his [help] on mixed planting should appeal to those who prefer to grow their roses informally today .

In considering the standards maintained the Minister will consider , in addition to the syllabuses and the quality of the teaching , the length of courses , and the arrangements for written work , reading under guidance and other forms of private study to be done between meetings .
in considering the standards maintained the minister will consider , in addition to the syllabuses and the quality of the teaching , the length of courses , and the arrangements for written work , reading under [help] and other forms of private study to be done between meetings .

The initial guidance would normally come from the advisory service but helping to put those suggestions into practice should be the role of the training services .
the initial [help] would normally come from the advisory service but helping to put those suggestions into practice should be the role of the training services .

With further losses expected this year , strategy has been overhauled under the guidance of chairman Brian Garraway , who hands over to financial services managing director , Martin Broughton , in July .
with further losses expected this year , strategy has been overhauled under the [help] of chairman brian garraway , who hands over to financial services managing director , martin broughton , in july .

Involuntary reception into care : if a child or young person is in a situation of acute danger the youth department is entitled to intervene , but parents or guardians have to be informed immediately and the case be brought before a court for a care decision before the end of the day following the admission ( s. 42 ) , Where force is necessary , the police department must act but under the professional guidance of the youth department .
involuntary reception into care : if a child or young person is in a situation of acute danger the youth department is entitled to intervene , but parents or guardians have to be informed immediately and the case be brought before a court for a care decision before the end of the day following the admission ( s. 42 ) , where force is necessary , the police department must act but under the professional [help] of the youth department .

They had to take the initiative , but they were encouraged to seek technical guidance wherever they could get it .
they had to take the initiative , but they were encouraged to seek technical [help] wherever they could get it .

Time of prayer for the guidance of the Holy Spirit .
time of prayer for the [help] of the holy spirit .

They assumed he would provide a technical input but underestimated the degree of creative guidance he would proffer .
they assumed he would provide a technical input but underestimated the degree of creative [help] he would proffer .

The board is preparing notes of guidance to schools about how and when such calculators should be used .
the board is preparing notes of [help] to schools about how and when such calculators should be used .

The merit of separate qualified defences is that they focus the evidence and the legal argument , giving the jury ( in contested cases ) an opportunity to assess the defence , and giving the judge fairly precise guidance on the basis for sentencing : this might be thought to ensure that each defendant is dealt with more fairly , but the risk of confusing the jury in a contested case might tend to erode that protection .
the merit of separate qualified defences is that they focus the evidence and the legal argument , giving the jury ( in contested cases ) an opportunity to assess the defence , and giving the judge fairly precise [help] on the basis for sentencing : this might be thought to ensure that each defendant is dealt with more fairly , but the risk of confusing the jury in a contested case might tend to erode that protection .

The Marriage Guidance Council , in its infancy in England as the Fifties began , expanded its clientele by 30 per cent to about 18,000 people , and it was then only prepared to counsel those whose sexual relations took place within marriage .
the marriage [help] council , in its infancy in england as the fifties began , expanded its clientele by 30 per cent to about 18,000 people , and it was then only prepared to counsel those whose sexual relations took place within marriage .

Despite marriage guidance , divorces were climbing steadily .
despite marriage [help] , divorces were climbing steadily .

The gold-edged invitation said dinner jackets for men but did n't give any guidance about canine apparel .
the gold-edged invitation said dinner jackets for men but did n't give any [help] about canine apparel .

Sir , Your occasional reader , Mrs Dinwiddie , fortunate enough to live in rural Scotland , seeks guidance and reassurance about food sold in Britain ( Letter , July 12 ) .
sir , your occasional reader , mrs dinwiddie , fortunate enough to live in rural scotland , seeks [help] and reassurance about food sold in britain ( letter , july 12 ) .

Detailed guidance notes outlining the conditions which must be met to stay within the new law are being issued to all farmers .
detailed [help] notes outlining the conditions which must be met to stay within the new law are being issued to all farmers .

Under the guidance of Mike Groom , the school 's curriculum leader for information technology , Brewood-Wheaton Aston pupils feed the farm records and general information into a computer .
under the [help] of mike groom , the school 's curriculum leader for information technology , brewood-wheaton aston pupils feed the farm records and general information into a computer .

Use the table below for guidance , but do n't be afraid to ask your stockist .
use the table below for [help] , but do n't be afraid to ask your stockist .

Aberdeen-based series for Scottish viewers , with presenters Carole Baxter and Bill Torrance , and expert guidance from Sid Robertson , Walter Gilmore and others .
aberdeen-based series for scottish viewers , with presenters carole baxter and bill torrance , and expert [help] from sid robertson , walter gilmore and others .

He could have stood the writing as long as she had looked up to him for guidance like one of his young workshop pupils .
he could have stood the writing as long as she had looked up to him for [help] like one of his young workshop pupils .

Hedges , like the Jungle Brothers , X-Clan and other East Coast soul thinkers , looks beyond recent history for guidance .
hedges , like the jungle brothers , x-clan and other east coast soul thinkers , looks beyond recent history for [help] .

Age and experience were valued in the belief that length of days had provided some guidance on how to live and what to expect in the life to come .
age and experience were valued in the belief that length of days had provided some [help] on how to live and what to expect in the life to come .

When Veronica Sive first became interested in photography through a friend 's guidance , she became aware of the basic elements of the new medium .
when veronica sive first became interested in photography through a friend 's [help] , she became aware of the basic elements of the new medium .

Yet in spite of a considerable erosion problem , there exists no conservation service as such , with only two ecologists at central level who are supposed to give adequate guidance for land use at the national level .
yet in spite of a considerable erosion problem , there exists no conservation service as such , with only two ecologists at central level who are supposed to give adequate [help] for land use at the national level .

Immediately after the war the Muslim religious leadership and then the communists and leftists , as a National Guidance Committee , attempted to organize a political resistance together .
immediately after the war the muslim religious leadership and then the communists and leftists , as a national [help] committee , attempted to organize a political resistance together .

At the time of writing the National Curriculum Council is due to publish its guidance document on Citizenship as a Cross-Curricular Theme .
at the time of writing the national curriculum council is due to publish its [help] document on citizenship as a cross-curricular theme .

We may test this suspicion by reference to various statements concerning the perceived nature of the new Citizenship Education ( though unfortunately because of frequent postponements of its publication date , the National Curriculum Council guidance document on Citizenship as a cross-curricular theme is not available at the time of writing ) .
we may test this suspicion by reference to various statements concerning the perceived nature of the new citizenship education ( though unfortunately because of frequent postponements of its publication date , the national curriculum council [help] document on citizenship as a cross-curricular theme is not available at the time of writing ) .

Attention was given to planning , diet , fitness and mental attitude , the latter under the guidance of a sports psychologist .
attention was given to planning , diet , fitness and mental attitude , the latter under the [help] of a sports psychologist .

Under the guidance of chief executive David Jones , the fashion retailer made a pre-tax profit of £12.3m in the year to January — a strong recovery from its 1990-91 pre-tax loss of £40m and total losses that year of some £220m .
under the [help] of chief executive david jones , the fashion retailer made a pre-tax profit of £12.3m in the year to january — a strong recovery from its 1990-91 pre-tax loss of £40m and total losses that year of some £220m .

Whether the reduced strike-force can prevail this summer may be a source of anxiety , but there will be no lack of self-belief and guidance from Australian coach/manager/guru Darryl Foster .
whether the reduced strike-force can prevail this summer may be a source of anxiety , but there will be no lack of self-belief and [help] from australian coach/manager/guru darryl foster .

The organisation is the free information arm of the National & Provincial Building Society , which provides advice and guidance on personal finance .
the organisation is the free information arm of the national & provincial building society , which provides advice and [help] on personal finance .

He writes that the trial judge is not allowed to give the jury any guidance as to the amount that it can award .
he writes that the trial judge is not allowed to give the jury any [help] as to the amount that it can award .

Most people will welcome advice and guidance before and after retirement .
most people will welcome advice and [help] before and after retirement .

Social security — Housing Benefit : guidance on the treatment of income
social security — housing benefit : [help] on the treatment of income

Educational Guidance Services
educational [help] services

The National Educational Guidance Initiative has published its comprehensive listing of educational information and advice services for adults .
the national educational [help] initiative has published its comprehensive listing of educational information and advice services for adults .

All the services listed offer free guidance to anyone over the age of 19 who has been away from education for a significant period .
all the services listed offer free [help] to anyone over the age of 19 who has been away from education for a significant period .

For the next couple of years , Sinitta was dog-less as she ran up an amazing string of chart hits with the guidance of the nowlegendary Stock , Aitken and Waterman .
for the next couple of years , sinitta was dog-less as she ran up an amazing string of chart hits with the [help] of the nowlegendary stock , aitken and waterman .

Some guidance on how to achieve these aspects of interpretation can be gained by a study of ballets by Ashton , Fokine , MacMillan and others .
some [help] on how to achieve these aspects of interpretation can be gained by a study of ballets by ashton , fokine , macmillan and others .

The general principle is that the cost of those referrals will be met by each district 's contingency reserve , the guidance says .
the general principle is that the cost of those referrals will be met by each district 's contingency reserve , the [help] says .

Keller was made a Steward of Henley Royal Regatta in 1976 , a time when the proliferation of new six-lane , still-water courses around the world , which had emerged under his guidance , seemed a threat to the regatta founded in 1829 .
keller was made a steward of henley royal regatta in 1976 , a time when the proliferation of new six-lane , still-water courses around the world , which had emerged under his [help] , seemed a threat to the regatta founded in 1829 .

Although Spracklen was a gold medallist at the 1958 Commonwealth Games , his biggest contribution to British rowing has been his guidance of Redgrave from junior through to gold medals at two Olympics , in the coxed four at Los Angeles and in a pair with Andy Holmes at Seoul .
although spracklen was a gold medallist at the 1958 commonwealth games , his biggest contribution to british rowing has been his [help] of redgrave from junior through to gold medals at two olympics , in the coxed four at los angeles and in a pair with andy holmes at seoul .

The estate 's guidance notes on environmental assessments are called ‘ vague and minimal ’ and some criteria ‘ arbitrary and extreme ’ .
the estate 's [help] notes on environmental assessments are called ‘ vague and minimal ’ and some criteria ‘ arbitrary and extreme ’ .

His monument in clinical practice was the model child guidance service in the then Borough of West Ham .
his monument in clinical practice was the model child [help] service in the then borough of west ham .

The Broadcasting Standards Council is placed on a statutory footing , and will draw up a code ‘ giving guidance ’ on violence , sex and ‘ standards of taste and decency ’ .
the broadcasting standards council is placed on a statutory footing , and will draw up a code ‘ giving [help] ’ on violence , sex and ‘ standards of taste and decency ’ .

The bill also says the Broadcasting Standards Council will draw up a code ‘ giving guidance ’ on violence , sex and ‘ standards of taste and decency ’ .
the bill also says the broadcasting standards council will draw up a code ‘ giving [help] ’ on violence , sex and ‘ standards of taste and decency ’ .

They call for a review of the procedures , noting no proper guidance on sanctions against contractors and that the ministry , the Scottish Office and the Welsh Office have all had problems ‘ recovering any significant proportion of the costs of remedial work .
they call for a review of the procedures , noting no proper [help] on sanctions against contractors and that the ministry , the scottish office and the welsh office have all had problems ‘ recovering any significant proportion of the costs of remedial work .

Do the parents have knowledge of the British educational system ? Do the parents and the school share the same expectations about discipline , teaching methods and curriculum content ? ( Where parents have no previous experience of the British system of education then they rely heavily on the school 's opinion and guidance . )
do the parents have knowledge of the british educational system ? do the parents and the school share the same expectations about discipline , teaching methods and curriculum content ? ( where parents have no previous experience of the british system of education then they rely heavily on the school 's opinion and [help] . )

Supply teachers are more effective and happier when they are given some guidance on routines and expectations .
supply teachers are more effective and happier when they are given some [help] on routines and expectations .

Where the public lack of confidence focuses on teaching competence and it 's justified then all steps possible should be taken to provide additional training and guidance .
where the public lack of confidence focuses on teaching competence and it 's justified then all steps possible should be taken to provide additional training and [help] .

Unless there is regular guidance given to parents through workshops and school produced booklets the arrival home of the reading book will be seen as little more than an opportunity to check when the teacher last heard their child read and a chance to rush their child to the next stage on the reading scheme .
unless there is regular [help] given to parents through workshops and school produced booklets the arrival home of the reading book will be seen as little more than an opportunity to check when the teacher last heard their child read and a chance to rush their child to the next stage on the reading scheme .

Secondly , there are the sensor and guidance technologies for smart ‘ fire-and-forget ’ missiles ; these are able to detect , identify and attack armoured vehicles , combat aircraft and warships , as well as hardened , fixed targets like command and control centres , in all weathers and battlefield conditions .
secondly , there are the sensor and [help] technologies for smart ‘ fire-and-forget ’ missiles ; these are able to detect , identify and attack armoured vehicles , combat aircraft and warships , as well as hardened , fixed targets like command and control centres , in all weathers and battlefield conditions .

‘ There is no particular guidance on this problem because it should be well known by the industries that use [ the gas ] , ’ said a spokesman last week .
‘ there is no particular [help] on this problem because it should be well known by the industries that use [ the gas ] , ’ said a spokesman last week .

‘ We must say to the public , ‘ you can not leave us without moral guidance on this .
‘ we must say to the public , ‘ you can not leave us without moral [help] on this .

Rather than prescription , there would be guidance for LEAs and schools , which would be reviewed periodically .
rather than prescription , there would be [help] for leas and schools , which would be reviewed periodically .

The freedom of the Secretary of State to depart from the recommendations of the National Curriculum Council ( to which proposals on attainment targets and programmes of study must be referred ) , as in effect happened in the case of the history curriculum , stands in marked contrast to the restrictions binding teachers under the National Curriculum . The tone of the guidance issued in 1989 suggests little flexibility :
the freedom of the secretary of state to depart from the recommendations of the national curriculum council ( to which proposals on attainment targets and programmes of study must be referred ) , as in effect happened in the case of the history curriculum , stands in marked contrast to the restrictions binding teachers under the national curriculum . the tone of the [help] issued in 1989 suggests little flexibility :

As we have seen , this is left to the discretion of the head teacher , acting on the guidance of the governors .
as we have seen , this is left to the discretion of the head teacher , acting on the [help] of the governors .

You and your staff will maintain the well-established convention whereby ministers do not concern themselves with the detailed information which may be obtained by the Security Service in particular cases , but are furnished with such information only as may be necessary for the determination of any issue on which guidance is sought .
you and your staff will maintain the well-established convention whereby ministers do not concern themselves with the detailed information which may be obtained by the security service in particular cases , but are furnished with such information only as may be necessary for the determination of any issue on which [help] is sought .

The report makes a number of comments on other matters , for example in relation to the resource and teacher training implications for English in the National Curriculum , and the need for non-statutory guidance for teachers based on its observations .
the report makes a number of comments on other matters , for example in relation to the resource and teacher training implications for english in the national curriculum , and the need for non-statutory [help] for teachers based on its observations .

Our full terms of reference and supplementary guidance given to us by the Secretary of State for Education and Science are contained in appendices 2 and 3 .
our full terms of reference and supplementary [help] given to us by the secretary of state for education and science are contained in appendices 2 and 3 .

Mrs Chamoun guides him around the Emir Bashir 's palace at Beit Eddine ; he is clearly taken in by the mythical Lebanon of happy agrarian masses toiling away under the guidance of a benevolent leader .
mrs chamoun guides him around the emir bashir 's palace at beit eddine ; he is clearly taken in by the mythical lebanon of happy agrarian masses toiling away under the [help] of a benevolent leader .

She was glad of Everthorpe 's guidance , though she disliked his manners and resented his evident desire to stage-manage her arrival at Pringle 's .
she was glad of everthorpe 's [help] , though she disliked his manners and resented his evident desire to stage-manage her arrival at pringle 's .

Briar Enterprises started in 1987 . It is run by a closely integrated team which mark and assess all work and as they say ‘ having chosen to study with us , we can assure you of the highest standards of personal attention , help and guidance throughout your course … ’
briar enterprises started in 1987 . it is run by a closely integrated team which mark and assess all work and as they say ‘ having chosen to study with us , we can assure you of the highest standards of personal attention , help and [help] throughout your course … ’

So the British Government was required to introduce legislation to regulate the circumstances in which the power to tap may be used , but no guidance was given as to what should be the content of the legislation .
so the british government was required to introduce legislation to regulate the circumstances in which the power to tap may be used , but no [help] was given as to what should be the content of the legislation .

In the meantime the only guidance as to what would constitute an acceptable limit on Article 8 ( 1 ) rights is the rather equivocal decision in the Klass case which concerned the operation of surveillance procedures in the German Federal Republic where legislation authorized telephone-tapping and other surveillance techniques if a number of conditions were satisfied .
in the meantime the only [help] as to what would constitute an acceptable limit on article 8 ( 1 ) rights is the rather equivocal decision in the klass case which concerned the operation of surveillance procedures in the german federal republic where legislation authorized telephone-tapping and other surveillance techniques if a number of conditions were satisfied .

In the old days before the local government reorganization of 1974 , it had been possible for Local Education Authorities to make their decisions relatively autonomously , with a view to the educational needs of local children , and under the guidance of often very high-powered and imaginative Chief Education Officers .
in the old days before the local government reorganization of 1974 , it had been possible for local education authorities to make their decisions relatively autonomously , with a view to the educational needs of local children , and under the [help] of often very high-powered and imaginative chief education officers .

But now to be ‘ orientated ’ is widely seen not as helpful guidance but as a test one has to submit to .
but now to be ‘ orientated ’ is widely seen not as helpful [help] but as a test one has to submit to .

And if all else failed it would probably be an effective , if unsubtle way of letting his wife know that something rather more serious than Marriage Guidance was required to get them out of their marital difficulties .
and if all else failed it would probably be an effective , if unsubtle way of letting his wife know that something rather more serious than marriage [help] was required to get them out of their marital difficulties .

She said then , very quickly , like a trick question to someone in the Yes/No interlude on the Michael Miles Quiz Show : ‘ Marriage Guidance did n't do much for your need to dump , did it ?
she said then , very quickly , like a trick question to someone in the yes/no interlude on the michael miles quiz show : ‘ marriage [help] did n't do much for your need to dump , did it ?

‘ Marriage Guidance , ’ he said , ‘ did n't understand my need for brutally climaxing into tight white bottoms .
‘ marriage [help] , ’ he said , ‘ did n't understand my need for brutally climaxing into tight white bottoms .

Marriage Guidance had been a bloke called Kevin who , in Henry 's view , had had designs on Elinor .
marriage [help] had been a bloke called kevin who , in henry 's view , had had designs on elinor .

Initially , it may be as much as he can manage to co-operate in changing his pyjamas , a relatively simple task with proper guidance .
initially , it may be as much as he can manage to co-operate in changing his pyjamas , a relatively simple task with proper [help] .

Many patients go on improving their physical abilities for years after their stroke or head injury , if they continue to have skilled rehabilitation guidance .
many patients go on improving their physical abilities for years after their stroke or head injury , if they continue to have skilled rehabilitation [help] .

Otherwise , your hospital physiotherapist may be willing to see the specialist with you , for guidance which she can then put into practice herself .
otherwise , your hospital physiotherapist may be willing to see the specialist with you , for [help] which she can then put into practice herself .

The physiotherapist may sit or stand in front of the patient , or may kneel on the plinth behind him , according to the type of guidance she intends to give him .
the physiotherapist may sit or stand in front of the patient , or may kneel on the plinth behind him , according to the type of [help] she intends to give him .

In another movement pattern for arm and trunk control , the patient sits with his weight on his arms and moves his body , with the physiotherapist 's guidance , so that his arms have to react to help his balance .
in another movement pattern for arm and trunk control , the patient sits with his weight on his arms and moves his body , with the physiotherapist 's [help] , so that his arms have to react to help his balance .

The aim is to reinforce the correct patterns of movement which the patient has experienced under the guidance of the physiotherapist .
the aim is to reinforce the correct patterns of movement which the patient has experienced under the [help] of the physiotherapist .

Stephen 's editorial guidance , a period of sustained creativity at Bockhampton ‘ within a walk of the district in which the incidents are supposed to occur ’ , and a sense of ease with the subject , combined to produce a work of remarkable richness and vitality .
stephen 's editorial [help] , a period of sustained creativity at bockhampton ‘ within a walk of the district in which the incidents are supposed to occur ’ , and a sense of ease with the subject , combined to produce a work of remarkable richness and vitality .

When one looks at this , it 's surprising what little guidance in the day-to-day practice of medicine it offers .
when one looks at this , it 's surprising what little [help] in the day-to-day practice of medicine it offers .

It should differentiate between indisputable fact , firm opinion , and speculation included for guidance or prognosis ; and finally , it should include a statement of rebuilding costs for insurance purposes .
it should differentiate between indisputable fact , firm opinion , and speculation included for [help] or prognosis ; and finally , it should include a statement of rebuilding costs for insurance purposes .

This information is for guidance only and visitors are strongly recommended to check details prior to their visit .
this information is for [help] only and visitors are strongly recommended to check details prior to their visit .

This group was founded in 1983 under the guidance of the Perry Hilltop neighbourhood organisation .
this group was founded in 1983 under the [help] of the perry hilltop neighbourhood organisation .

In the following example , Siobham is gaining valuable experience in pouring and estimating under the teacher 's guidance , in a practical situation .
in the following example , siobham is gaining valuable experience in pouring and estimating under the teacher 's [help] , in a practical situation .

Provision and guidance are at the discretion of the sensitive adult . Some activities which might involve experience of sorting are discussed below :
provision and [help] are at the discretion of the sensitive adult . some activities which might involve experience of sorting are discussed below :

Building towers of different sized bricks but using bricks in one-to-one correspondence , probably with the teacher 's guidance .
building towers of different sized bricks but using bricks in one-to-one correspondence , probably with the teacher 's [help] .

They also help , for example , by producing a training newsletter for trainers , and offering general advice , guidance and help for registered training officers .
they also help , for example , by producing a training newsletter for trainers , and offering general advice , [help] and help for registered training officers .

More practical guidance , advice and support in those areas would be valuable particularly if it came from within librarianship rather than management science generally .
more practical [help] , advice and support in those areas would be valuable particularly if it came from within librarianship rather than management science generally .

If so you will find it helpful to set some goals to give short-range guidance .
if so you will find it helpful to set some goals to give short-range [help] .

By the time Piłsudski took over , the Polish economy was in a desperate plight and it was only with centralised planning introduced in 1936 under the guidance of Eugeniusz Kwiatkowski and the left wing of the Sanacja ( ‘ moral cleansing ’ regime ) that the Polish economy began to show signs of recovery .
by the time piłsudski took over , the polish economy was in a desperate plight and it was only with centralised planning introduced in 1936 under the [help] of eugeniusz kwiatkowski and the left wing of the sanacja ( ‘ moral cleansing ’ regime ) that the polish economy began to show signs of recovery .

But you should cast to the swim using a silhouette marker on the horizon , thus giving you practice for when you have to use the same silhouette for guidance in darkness .
but you should cast to the swim using a silhouette marker on the horizon , thus giving you practice for when you have to use the same silhouette for [help] in darkness .

It is not essential for a small council such as a parish council to have standing orders , but even then it may be useful to have a ‘ model ’ set from the National Association of Local Councils for guidance if some difficulty on procedure arises .
it is not essential for a small council such as a parish council to have standing orders , but even then it may be useful to have a ‘ model ’ set from the national association of local councils for [help] if some difficulty on procedure arises .

The Government and all local authority associations have agreed a National Code of Local Government Conduct for the guidance of councillors .
the government and all local authority associations have agreed a national code of local government conduct for the [help] of councillors .

One safeguard to counter the excesses of individualism was to find a spiritual ‘ abba ’ or director for guidance and support .
one safeguard to counter the excesses of individualism was to find a spiritual ‘ abba ’ or director for [help] and support .

The ‘ Apothegmata ’ or ‘ Sayings of the Fathers ’ remain a witness to the simplicity and depth of much of this guidance .
the ‘ apothegmata ’ or ‘ sayings of the fathers ’ remain a witness to the simplicity and depth of much of this [help] .

Kenneth Leech makes a similar point ‘ spiritual guidance is not crisis intervention but a continuous process , the movement to God and in God ’
kenneth leech makes a similar point ‘ spiritual [help] is not crisis intervention but a continuous process , the movement to god and in god ’

Pause for a moment and think of someone ( or more than one ) whom God has used for your own teaching , encouragement , guidance , perhaps in your youth or young adulthood or marriage , or at a crisis point in your life , or very recently .
pause for a moment and think of someone ( or more than one ) whom god has used for your own teaching , encouragement , [help] , perhaps in your youth or young adulthood or marriage , or at a crisis point in your life , or very recently .

Probably many of us have treasured letters containing gems of spiritual guidance which have come to us when the writer could not , or during times of personal need or crisis .
probably many of us have treasured letters containing gems of spiritual [help] which have come to us when the writer could not , or during times of personal need or crisis .

If they are to guide others they too must know the resource of guidance .
if they are to guide others they too must know the resource of [help] .

— be prepared to open up any particular areas where you are seeking guidance , or new learning , or particular goals ( see previous section on reflection ) .
— be prepared to open up any particular areas where you are seeking [help] , or new learning , or particular goals ( see previous section on reflection ) .

At each meeting one person lays before the others some current situation where he is in need of guidance and wisdom .
at each meeting one person lays before the others some current situation where he is in need of [help] and wisdom .

There are clearly possibilities to explore here so that members of such groups see group guidance as normal rather than exceptional .
there are clearly possibilities to explore here so that members of such groups see group [help] as normal rather than exceptional .

Guidance and encouragement from Helen Blake ( who organised the team and demonstrated her prowess as umpire ) , and some clever tactical substituting between Ben Southall and Patrick Hall resulted in a convincing victory in the final .
[help] and encouragement from helen blake ( who organised the team and demonstrated her prowess as umpire ) , and some clever tactical substituting between ben southall and patrick hall resulted in a convincing victory in the final .

Herbert Chapman saw the key to the boxer 's success in the relationship with his manager Descamps , a relationship not of boss and worker , but of partners , combining managerial guidance with sporting skills in a common cause .
herbert chapman saw the key to the boxer 's success in the relationship with his manager descamps , a relationship not of boss and worker , but of partners , combining managerial [help] with sporting skills in a common cause .

This included : the relationship of the material selected to the libraries ' objectives ; guidance on levels of provision in different sizes of library ; criteria for selection ; definition of community groups to be served ; policy on censorship ; comments on various types of material — e.g .
this included : the relationship of the material selected to the libraries ' objectives ; [help] on levels of provision in different sizes of library ; criteria for selection ; definition of community groups to be served ; policy on censorship ; comments on various types of material — e.g .

And even if there is a family counselling service or marriage guidance counselling there may be a waiting list .
and even if there is a family counselling service or marriage [help] counselling there may be a waiting list .

The guidance given in this book applies to contracts governed by English law .
the [help] given in this book applies to contracts governed by english law .

Over the years , courts and tribunals have fought shy of laying down detailed procedural guidance .
over the years , courts and tribunals have fought shy of laying down detailed procedural [help] .

His old friend and mentor , Thomas Middleton , now in his final year at Pembroke College , was the only person he knew , and it was Middleton who in the months ahead provided Coleridge with fatherly guidance and approval .
his old friend and mentor , thomas middleton , now in his final year at pembroke college , was the only person he knew , and it was middleton who in the months ahead provided coleridge with fatherly [help] and approval .

Guidance on how to comply with the duty of care has been provided by the DoE in the form of a code of practice .
[help] on how to comply with the duty of care has been provided by the doe in the form of a code of practice .

Curiously , no English version was prepared , although the Chemical Society in some ways anticipated the Geneva rules in its guidance to contributors and abstractors .
curiously , no english version was prepared , although the chemical society in some ways anticipated the geneva rules in its [help] to contributors and abstractors .

The range of managerial roles — always varied — will tend to polarise around ‘ purchasers ’ and ‘ suppliers ’ ; a consequence for management developers is the need to pay more attention to recruitment , assessment and career guidance in the new decade .
the range of managerial roles — always varied — will tend to polarise around ‘ purchasers ’ and ‘ suppliers ’ ; a consequence for management developers is the need to pay more attention to recruitment , assessment and career [help] in the new decade .

The process was seen to be too cumbersome and costly to provide much useful guidance to purchasers , who , in any case , preferred to back their own judgement .
the process was seen to be too cumbersome and costly to provide much useful [help] to purchasers , who , in any case , preferred to back their own judgement .

The sense of balance is constantly giving our brains guidance about the way we are facing .
the sense of balance is constantly giving our brains [help] about the way we are facing .

The Webbs defined the hypothesis as ‘ any tentative supposition , by the aid of which we endeavour to explain facts by discovering their orderliness … Without the guidance of hypotheses we should not know what to observe , what to look for , or what experiment to make in order to discover order in routine .
the webbs defined the hypothesis as ‘ any tentative supposition , by the aid of which we endeavour to explain facts by discovering their orderliness … without the [help] of hypotheses we should not know what to observe , what to look for , or what experiment to make in order to discover order in routine .

The ‘ expert ’ may have to be interviewed because she has special knowledge of a situation which it is vital for the researcher to have guidance on .
the ‘ expert ’ may have to be interviewed because she has special knowledge of a situation which it is vital for the researcher to have [help] on .

Each Holy One has , in turn , asked us to listen within to the purest guidance that is our entitlement .
each holy one has , in turn , asked us to listen within to the purest [help] that is our entitlement .

You may be asking for inner guidance on a daily basis , not knowing that inspiration is already being given to you every time the need arises within your life .
you may be asking for inner [help] on a daily basis , not knowing that inspiration is already being given to you every time the need arises within your life .

This guidance has been given very simply through your own voice which talks to you , admonishes , guides , cajoles , takes away your fears , explains and , with infinite care and tenderness , dedicates itself to your daily encounters with life .
this [help] has been given very simply through your own voice which talks to you , admonishes , guides , cajoles , takes away your fears , explains and , with infinite care and tenderness , dedicates itself to your daily encounters with life .

You see , you must learn to ask for this guidance within on a daily basis .
you see , you must learn to ask for this [help] within on a daily basis .

There are two situations , however , where your mentor can not inspire you with his guidance .
there are two situations , however , where your mentor can not inspire you with his [help] .

If you do not want that guidance within , that 's all right too .
if you do not want that [help] within , that 's all right too .

In your mind , tell them what you are doing and ask for their guidance .
in your mind , tell them what you are doing and ask for their [help] .

In this endeavour , we can ask for guidance within .
in this endeavour , we can ask for [help] within .

Lay your pipelines to give yourself access to the clear light of understanding , through prayer and guidance from within .
lay your pipelines to give yourself access to the clear light of understanding , through prayer and [help] from within .

The magic will be used in organised or private rituals for healing , and divination for guidance when important decisions loom .
the magic will be used in organised or private rituals for healing , and divination for [help] when important decisions loom .

Several publications came from the society , including Isis Unveiled and The Secret Doctrine , both produced in a trance state and automatically written under the guidance of the ‘ Masters ’ .
several publications came from the society , including isis unveiled and the secret doctrine , both produced in a trance state and automatically written under the [help] of the ‘ masters ’ .

The company receives a royalty , which consists of a small percentage of turnover , and in return the retailer gains free national advertising , plus the support and guidance of the big company if he runs into difficulties .
the company receives a royalty , which consists of a small percentage of turnover , and in return the retailer gains free national advertising , plus the support and [help] of the big company if he runs into difficulties .

Advice and guidance is provided in setting up the business and thereafter should any problems arise .
advice and [help] is provided in setting up the business and thereafter should any problems arise .

In particular it is looking at cross-curricular issues , including areas such as the role of careers guidance , health education and other aspects of personal and social education , environmental education and economic awareness and it is considering how these may best be reflected in the curriculum .
in particular it is looking at cross-curricular issues , including areas such as the role of careers [help] , health education and other aspects of personal and social education , environmental education and economic awareness and it is considering how these may best be reflected in the curriculum .

Greater precision of objective and firmer guidance is generally being welcomed by teachers and parents alike .
greater precision of objective and firmer [help] is generally being welcomed by teachers and parents alike .

There is still , too , about the whole exercise , something of the ‘ Polo Syndrome ’ : a sense that , for all the subject reports , and statutory orders , and non-statutory guidance , there is nothing at the centre : no clear vision of the values that should lie at the heart of a national system of education .
there is still , too , about the whole exercise , something of the ‘ polo syndrome ’ : a sense that , for all the subject reports , and statutory orders , and non-statutory [help] , there is nothing at the centre : no clear vision of the values that should lie at the heart of a national system of education .

Effective guidance will be crucial .
effective [help] will be crucial .

We are assuming that the knowledge concepts and skills , also the development of attitudes and personal qualities , will be delivered through the foundation subjects , options , extra-curricular activities , tutorial and careers guidance programme , and our extensive individual staff-student consultations which are a major feature of the school 's work , and perhaps more than anything else manifest our central concern for the academic and personal needs of each student .
we are assuming that the knowledge concepts and skills , also the development of attitudes and personal qualities , will be delivered through the foundation subjects , options , extra-curricular activities , tutorial and careers [help] programme , and our extensive individual staff-student consultations which are a major feature of the school 's work , and perhaps more than anything else manifest our central concern for the academic and personal needs of each student .

One of our Consultants is based in your local Midland branch to provide advice and guidance across Midland 's wide range of financial areas including :
one of our consultants is based in your local midland branch to provide advice and [help] across midland 's wide range of financial areas including :

The support and guidance of ‘ real ’ employers on the boards of mini enterprise schemes can be helpful ; the advice of professionals about equipment purchase , attendance-pattern of trainees , syllabus choice or , even , staff recruitment can all be derived from an active and effective pattern of Governors ' Advisory Committees ; industrial or commercial figures on governing bodies can give a helpful perspective ; one-off lectures or presentations on an aspect of the business world can enhance a course — but all these examples depend for their success on agreed objectives .
the support and [help] of ‘ real ’ employers on the boards of mini enterprise schemes can be helpful ; the advice of professionals about equipment purchase , attendance-pattern of trainees , syllabus choice or , even , staff recruitment can all be derived from an active and effective pattern of governors ' advisory committees ; industrial or commercial figures on governing bodies can give a helpful perspective ; one-off lectures or presentations on an aspect of the business world can enhance a course — but all these examples depend for their success on agreed objectives .

The students spend a given amount of time per week for a period of months , with the guidance of an assigned individual in the company and with the support of the technical staff of the school or college .
the students spend a given amount of time per week for a period of months , with the [help] of an assigned individual in the company and with the support of the technical staff of the school or college .

The school had a guidance programme which needed to develop a range of activities and contacts with employees , trainers and further education institutions so that students could make career choices in an informed and knowledgeable way .
the school had a [help] programme which needed to develop a range of activities and contacts with employees , trainers and further education institutions so that students could make career choices in an informed and knowledgeable way .

This led the partners towards a request that the school produce a plan for its Guidance programme from which the partners could identify and prioritise the support which they could offer towards enhancing our activities and adding to the quality of our provision .
this led the partners towards a request that the school produce a plan for its [help] programme from which the partners could identify and prioritise the support which they could offer towards enhancing our activities and adding to the quality of our provision .

This request was important in that it forced the staff involved in Guidance to review the programme and look at the students ' experiences in totality .
this request was important in that it forced the staff involved in [help] to review the programme and look at the students ' experiences in totality .

The quality and relevance of pupil work experience , curriculum development , careers education and guidance and other key partnership areas will be dependent on a teaching profession with a positive attitude to the role of business based on first hand experience .
the quality and relevance of pupil work experience , curriculum development , careers education and [help] and other key partnership areas will be dependent on a teaching profession with a positive attitude to the role of business based on first hand experience .

Partnerships need guidance and support to help those involved to continually reflect on previous learning and to plan change on the basis of this reflection .
partnerships need [help] and support to help those involved to continually reflect on previous learning and to plan change on the basis of this reflection .

The Act provides no definition of what amounts to a reasonable excuse and what little guidance there is , is provided by case law .
the act provides no definition of what amounts to a reasonable excuse and what little [help] there is , is provided by case law .

In the future there will be even more codes of practice , as the aim of a three year co-operative research programme on odours , undertaken jointly by Warren Spring Laboratory , local authorities and industry , was to investigate each method of odour abatement and periodically issue further codes of practice for guidance to industries with odour problems .
in the future there will be even more codes of practice , as the aim of a three year co-operative research programme on odours , undertaken jointly by warren spring laboratory , local authorities and industry , was to investigate each method of odour abatement and periodically issue further codes of practice for [help] to industries with odour problems .

Experts may offer some guidance but from a plaintiff 's point of view it is far better to frame an action using a subsection of s.92 other than s.92(1) ( c ) or ( d ) if at all possible .
experts may offer some [help] but from a plaintiff 's point of view it is far better to frame an action using a subsection of s.92 other than s.92(1) ( c ) or ( d ) if at all possible .

As a result local authorities have been requested to take into consideration the following Code of Practice : ‘ Control of Smells from the Animal Waste Processing Industry ’ when contemplating any action they might take in order to reduce odour nuisance , and to be aware of the Reports of the Working Party on the Suppression of Odours from Offensive and Selected Other Trades , which gives guidance on the best practicable means for dealing with odours .
as a result local authorities have been requested to take into consideration the following code of practice : ‘ control of smells from the animal waste processing industry ’ when contemplating any action they might take in order to reduce odour nuisance , and to be aware of the reports of the working party on the suppression of odours from offensive and selected other trades , which gives [help] on the best practicable means for dealing with odours .

Guidance on the use of the power to impose conditions is provided by the Ministry of Housing and Local Government Circular 5/68 , which suggests the following useful tests :
[help] on the use of the power to impose conditions is provided by the ministry of housing and local government circular 5/68 , which suggests the following useful tests :

It is likely that LEAs will offer guidance to governing bodies not only on the general framework of recruitment , selection and promotion procedures , but also on the equal-opportunities aspects of appointments . In brief outline , such advice would be likely to emphasise that :
it is likely that leas will offer [help] to governing bodies not only on the general framework of recruitment , selection and promotion procedures , but also on the equal-opportunities aspects of appointments . in brief outline , such advice would be likely to emphasise that :

Developments such as individual guidance interviews or counselling discussions , and pupil 's self-assessment in report booklets or records of achievement , are tending to increase this flow of information , particularly towards the tutor and senior staff in a school .
developments such as individual [help] interviews or counselling discussions , and pupil 's self-assessment in report booklets or records of achievement , are tending to increase this flow of information , particularly towards the tutor and senior staff in a school .

Certain judgments of the Court of Justice and the directives implementing the single market in respect of financial services do give some guidance as to the ambit of this competence . In essence , any restrictions on financial institutions benefiting from a single licence will be permitted only where :
certain judgments of the court of justice and the directives implementing the single market in respect of financial services do give some [help] as to the ambit of this competence . in essence , any restrictions on financial institutions benefiting from a single licence will be permitted only where :

The Commission has given some guidance on how to distinguish between cooperative and concentrative operations in a published notice .
the commission has given some [help] on how to distinguish between cooperative and concentrative operations in a published notice .

His trousers were rough against her skin and smelt fusty like the church where he spent so many hours praying , presumably , for guidance .
his trousers were rough against her skin and smelt fusty like the church where he spent so many hours praying , presumably , for [help] .

The documents the court sent out were difficult to understand and no guidance was given on completing it .
the documents the court sent out were difficult to understand and no [help] was given on completing it .

Hypertensives in the experimental group received intensive advice about their blood pressure , including guidance on weight control and salt restriction , and if that did n't work they were given anti-hypertensive drugs .
hypertensives in the experimental group received intensive advice about their blood pressure , including [help] on weight control and salt restriction , and if that did n't work they were given anti-hypertensive drugs .

As one of us has shown ( Miles et al , The design of Educational Exhibits , George Allen and Unwin , 1982 ) , it is entirely within the scope of most exhibitions to provide this kind of introductory guidance .
as one of us has shown ( miles et al , the design of educational exhibits , george allen and unwin , 1982 ) , it is entirely within the scope of most exhibitions to provide this kind of introductory [help] .

Very little guidance is given to students , who enrol ( with some exceptions ) in the subject of their choice and shift around at will , taking around six years to complete their first degree .
very little [help] is given to students , who enrol ( with some exceptions ) in the subject of their choice and shift around at will , taking around six years to complete their first degree .

Likewise , Jean Monod 's inertial approach , for all its Gallic elegance , has failed to displace the old non-inertial guidance system of Handel and Barr — now quite forgotten .
likewise , jean monod 's inertial approach , for all its gallic elegance , has failed to displace the old non-inertial [help] system of handel and barr — now quite forgotten .

The heart of the system is its guidance wheels . The main support for the
the heart of the system is its [help] wheels . the main support for the

Under his expert guidance we have used underwater television extensively in the deep water , and failed to reveal any rotting vegetation or tree trunks .
under his expert [help] we have used underwater television extensively in the deep water , and failed to reveal any rotting vegetation or tree trunks .

When development of supporting technology for guidance and control is counted in , these ballistic missile defence programmes accounted for about $ 2900 billion last year with a little over $ 500 million budgeted for this year .
when development of supporting technology for [help] and control is counted in , these ballistic missile defence programmes accounted for about $ 2900 billion last year with a little over $ 500 million budgeted for this year .

If the message to launch goes ahead , the controllers would feed into the missiles ' guidance systems the locations of the launch site and target .
if the message to launch goes ahead , the controllers would feed into the missiles ' [help] systems the locations of the launch site and target .

The missile carries an inertial guidance unit , an arrangement of gyroscopes and accelerometers that senses changes in speed and direction .
the missile carries an inertial [help] unit , an arrangement of gyroscopes and accelerometers that senses changes in speed and direction .

At this point , the weapon 's guidance system switches into a preprogrammed routine in which it selects data about the particular target that it is aiming for .
at this point , the weapon 's [help] system switches into a preprogrammed routine in which it selects data about the particular target that it is aiming for .

Thus if the engine fails or the guidance system has a brainstorm , the risk of blowing up friendly forces is minimised .
thus if the engine fails or the [help] system has a brainstorm , the risk of blowing up friendly forces is minimised .

In the final trials , a team of actors , under medical guidance , will try to simulate the behaviour of the aged and infirm .
in the final trials , a team of actors , under medical [help] , will try to simulate the behaviour of the aged and infirm .

New Scientist should not allow the first weapons with terminal guidance to be installed before noting that the accuracy is needed to destroy missiles in hardened concrete silos : in other words for a first strike .
new scientist should not allow the first weapons with terminal [help] to be installed before noting that the accuracy is needed to destroy missiles in hardened concrete silos : in other words for a first strike .

Encouragement of regular visits to the Centres by teachers and guidance and help to teachers with regard to sources of information and other material ;
encouragement of regular visits to the centres by teachers and [help] and help to teachers with regard to sources of information and other material ;

In this way , provided they are given guidance on the type and volume of work expected , schools could be brought back into the mainstream of assessing their own pupils ' work instead of being totally dependent on the success or failure of the guessing games they play with the examiner .
in this way , provided they are given [help] on the type and volume of work expected , schools could be brought back into the mainstream of assessing their own pupils ' work instead of being totally dependent on the success or failure of the guessing games they play with the examiner .

The result has been the stimulation of the perfectly natural reaction for those who rely on the priesthood for guidance in these matters , to become suspicious of the integrity of that hierarchy and , as more enlightened thinking proves to be less of a sin than is often implied , lose what faith had been generated .
the result has been the stimulation of the perfectly natural reaction for those who rely on the priesthood for [help] in these matters , to become suspicious of the integrity of that hierarchy and , as more enlightened thinking proves to be less of a sin than is often implied , lose what faith had been generated .

None of these religions has satisfied its real purpose , which is to provide fully acceptable and uncontentious guidance in human discrimination between right and wrong , and in the behaviour that should stem from that discrimination .
none of these religions has satisfied its real purpose , which is to provide fully acceptable and uncontentious [help] in human discrimination between right and wrong , and in the behaviour that should stem from that discrimination .

The history of unceasing conflict and division within provides ample evidence of the failure to give that guidance .
the history of unceasing conflict and division within provides ample evidence of the failure to give that [help] .

This latter group of people will inevitably form the great majority , and it is mainly they who will provide the justification for the establishment of a clergy for the ‘ Alternative Religion ’ , and it is they who will prefer to put their faith in carefully chosen leaders , possibly elected from among the others , and on whom they can call for guidance .
this latter group of people will inevitably form the great majority , and it is mainly they who will provide the justification for the establishment of a clergy for the ‘ alternative religion ’ , and it is they who will prefer to put their faith in carefully chosen leaders , possibly elected from among the others , and on whom they can call for [help] .

Almost all the harrowing experiences of indecision that can arise almost daily for conscientious parents , are like that for no other reason than that they , the parents , have not themselves been trained in the light of a reliable and respected source of guidance .
almost all the harrowing experiences of indecision that can arise almost daily for conscientious parents , are like that for no other reason than that they , the parents , have not themselves been trained in the light of a reliable and respected source of [help] .

Under Allen 's guidance she climbed on to an oak that grew by the ford , clambered along a branch , and swung easily into a chestnut .
under allen 's [help] she climbed on to an oak that grew by the ford , clambered along a branch , and swung easily into a chestnut .

If large-scale research has failed to provide the guidance we need , others have used direct experience and informed ‘ hunch ’ to give us help in serving a particular age group .
if large-scale research has failed to provide the [help] we need , others have used direct experience and informed ‘ hunch ’ to give us help in serving a particular age group .

There is no substitute for the guidance and direction of a good coach , but such people are not always available or affordable .
there is no substitute for the [help] and direction of a good coach , but such people are not always available or affordable .

Reading can sometimes provide guidance and support , especially in showing that others have had similar confusions and conflicts , and have survived .
reading can sometimes provide [help] and support , especially in showing that others have had similar confusions and conflicts , and have survived .

In the past children 's reading was seen to have the heavy purpose of providing the young reader with moral guidance , indeed moral direction .
in the past children 's reading was seen to have the heavy purpose of providing the young reader with moral [help] , indeed moral direction .

It took a long time to break away from the idea that children were at best potentially evil and indolent , that they were little pitchers that had to be filled with information and moral guidance before they filled themselves with wickedness , idleness , and nonsense .
it took a long time to break away from the idea that children were at best potentially evil and indolent , that they were little pitchers that had to be filled with information and moral [help] before they filled themselves with wickedness , idleness , and nonsense .

There is no substitute for guidance and sharing ideas at meetings of parents , teachers , librarians , and the like .
there is no substitute for [help] and sharing ideas at meetings of parents , teachers , librarians , and the like .

Schools tend to abandon reading guidance too soon , on the assumption that there is a moment when most pupils can read .
schools tend to abandon reading [help] too soon , on the assumption that there is a moment when most pupils can read .

Ask for advice and guidance but try to ensure that the policy decision-making and the responsibilities remain in your own hands .
ask for advice and [help] but try to ensure that the policy decision-making and the responsibilities remain in your own hands .

It may be distinguished from this kind of guidance from another American source : ‘ Separate any group of offending youths , dealing with them on a one-to-one … basis ’ ( Grotophorst , 1979 , pp.349–50 ) .
it may be distinguished from this kind of [help] from another american source : ‘ separate any group of offending youths , dealing with them on a one-to-one … basis ’ ( grotophorst , 1979 , pp.349–50 ) .

Communication skills : establishing relationships and giving guidance and information .
communication skills : establishing relationships and giving [help] and information .

In view of the government 's ‘ presumption in favour of development ’ , which is enshrined in its latest planning policy guidance , it is not difficult to foresee a chaotic future in which intense development pressure is countered by equally intense environmental opposition with the county council less and less able to take a strategic view .
in view of the government 's ‘ presumption in favour of development ’ , which is enshrined in its latest planning policy [help] , it is not difficult to foresee a chaotic future in which intense development pressure is countered by equally intense environmental opposition with the county council less and less able to take a strategic view .

For example , a job surveyor must know the areas where he is free to issue instructions and give guidance to the contractor .
for example , a job surveyor must know the areas where he is free to issue instructions and give [help] to the contractor .

Structure plans are the responsibility of the counties and contain the general strategic guidance for either the county as a whole or a substantial part of it .
structure plans are the responsibility of the counties and contain the general strategic [help] for either the county as a whole or a substantial part of it .

Tony Wedd taught me to spot them as possible ley markers , and the sight of a clump or an individual pine standing alone on a ridge still fills me with excitement , perhaps a resonance with the ancient traveller to whom such a sight meant the security and guidance that the straight tracks provided .
tony wedd taught me to spot them as possible ley markers , and the sight of a clump or an individual pine standing alone on a ridge still fills me with excitement , perhaps a resonance with the ancient traveller to whom such a sight meant the security and [help] that the straight tracks provided .

As confidently as a man , show psychometric tests conducted among top managers by the Vocational Guidance Association .
as confidently as a man , show psychometric tests conducted among top managers by the vocational [help] association .

‘ Even by collective choice , it is easy to make a bad appointment , ’ says Siobhan Hamilton-Phillips , chief executive of the Vocational Guidance Association , which ranks many blue-chip corporations among its regular clients .
‘ even by collective choice , it is easy to make a bad appointment , ’ says siobhan hamilton-phillips , chief executive of the vocational [help] association , which ranks many blue-chip corporations among its regular clients .

He provides guidance to the company 's environmental affairs committee , for example , in recommending environmental consultants .
he provides [help] to the company 's environmental affairs committee , for example , in recommending environmental consultants .

The Health and Safety Executive has published three free guidance leaflets for chemical manufacturers .
the health and safety executive has published three free [help] leaflets for chemical manufacturers .

Changes in occupational exposure limits effective from 1 January 1992 are included in the new edition of a Health and Safety Executive guidance booklet .
changes in occupational exposure limits effective from 1 january 1992 are included in the new edition of a health and safety executive [help] booklet .

Because new maximum exposure limits have come into force the Health and Safety Executive has also published guidance dealing specifically with chromium compounds and nickel and its organic compounds .
because new maximum exposure limits have come into force the health and safety executive has also published [help] dealing specifically with chromium compounds and nickel and its organic compounds .

The Library Association 's Guidance notes on the Code of Professional Conduct contain much that is pertinent to the question of censorship and access of information , as one might expect . One section of the Code of Professional Conduct above all has a considerable bearing on censorship :
the library association 's [help] notes on the code of professional conduct contain much that is pertinent to the question of censorship and access of information , as one might expect . one section of the code of professional conduct above all has a considerable bearing on censorship :

In the case of the News International ban it offered clear guidance on how the professional should react .
in the case of the news international ban it offered clear [help] on how the professional should react .

The coincidental publication of the Guidance notes on the Code of Professional Conduct during a major test of professional practice can be viewed as a piece of misfortune or as a superb opportunity to affirm the stature of the profession by using the Code to support the Library Association 's case .
the coincidental publication of the [help] notes on the code of professional conduct during a major test of professional practice can be viewed as a piece of misfortune or as a superb opportunity to affirm the stature of the profession by using the code to support the library association 's case .

It may even appear unfair to elevate such a document as the Guidance notes on the Code of Professional Conduct when it declares
it may even appear unfair to elevate such a document as the [help] notes on the code of professional conduct when it declares

To those who read with scepticism in the Guidance notes on the Code of Professional Conduct that there may be occasions when the Association would act where the law might be in conflict with professional ethics this is encouraging .
to those who read with scepticism in the [help] notes on the code of professional conduct that there may be occasions when the association would act where the law might be in conflict with professional ethics this is encouraging .

For advice or guidance on any aspect of student life , or merely a friendly chat , you are invited to contact Student Services .
for advice or [help] on any aspect of student life , or merely a friendly chat , you are invited to contact student services .

Special Educational Needs : Special school work ; children in ordinary schools ; categories of educational disadvantage such as handicapped children , girls and women , travelling people and pre-school children ; pastoral care , guidance and counselling .
special educational needs : special school work ; children in ordinary schools ; categories of educational disadvantage such as handicapped children , girls and women , travelling people and pre-school children ; pastoral care , [help] and counselling .

The formulation of care plans is a valuable teaching and learning exercise , provided the student has guidance from an experienced member of staff .
the formulation of care plans is a valuable teaching and learning exercise , provided the student has [help] from an experienced member of staff .

As already mentioned , the learner requires support and guidance , not only in the formulation of a care plan , but also in the implementation of care .
as already mentioned , the learner requires support and [help] , not only in the formulation of a care plan , but also in the implementation of care .

It has been emphasised that the learner needs support and guidance when carrying out new skills .
it has been emphasised that the learner needs support and [help] when carrying out new skills .

Ward objectives will give her guidance in making the most of each allocation .
ward objectives will give her [help] in making the most of each allocation .

In this way , the learner will gain confidence , and this goes a long way to promoting safe practice if at a later time adequate guidance and support are lacking .
in this way , the learner will gain confidence , and this goes a long way to promoting safe practice if at a later time adequate [help] and support are lacking .

As stressed earlier , inadequate guidance when new nursing skills are performed causes anxiety , not only to the learner but also the patient .
as stressed earlier , inadequate [help] when new nursing skills are performed causes anxiety , not only to the learner but also the patient .

Yet constant supervision and guidance would be costly in personnel and could retard the development of independence and initiative in the learner .
yet constant supervision and [help] would be costly in personnel and could retard the development of independence and initiative in the learner .

Few of the trained staff have had any guidance in how to teach , and this may produce a feeling of inadequacy .
few of the trained staff have had any [help] in how to teach , and this may produce a feeling of inadequacy .

These provide an opportunity for ward staff to obtain guidance on how best to pass on their clinical expertise in an effective way .
these provide an opportunity for ward staff to obtain [help] on how best to pass on their clinical expertise in an effective way .

Guidance about further reading can be given so that learning continues and is not viewed as a once and for all matter .
[help] about further reading can be given so that learning continues and is not viewed as a once and for all matter .

Associative and cognitive theories present two major examples of different approaches to the study of learning , and although they differ in very many respects it is possible to synthesise them in a way that offers guidance for teachers .
associative and cognitive theories present two major examples of different approaches to the study of learning , and although they differ in very many respects it is possible to synthesise them in a way that offers [help] for teachers .

The presentation contains guidance for the tutor to enable maximum learning and skill development .
the presentation contains [help] for the tutor to enable maximum learning and skill development .

In the clinical area , learners develop their practical and social skills , but at the same time develop a full sense of responsibility , especially if given the guidance and support they need to become safe and competent practitioners .
in the clinical area , learners develop their practical and social skills , but at the same time develop a full sense of responsibility , especially if given the [help] and support they need to become safe and competent practitioners .

This gives learners guidance in their self-directed learning , and encourages a problem-solving approach to care .
this gives learners [help] in their self-directed learning , and encourages a problem-solving approach to care .

The tutor and clinical teacher can give guidance and support to ensure that too large a topic is not undertaken : ‘ advice to patients before discharge ’ needs to be narrowed to an area of care which is part of the modular experience .
the tutor and clinical teacher can give [help] and support to ensure that too large a topic is not undertaken : ‘ advice to patients before discharge ’ needs to be narrowed to an area of care which is part of the modular experience .

Unless the learner is given careful guidance in using such resources effectively , the whole process is a waste of time for all concerned .
unless the learner is given careful [help] in using such resources effectively , the whole process is a waste of time for all concerned .

Instructions on how to dissect the organ must be given and guidance as to the parts the learner is to identify , draw , describe etc .
instructions on how to dissect the organ must be given and [help] as to the parts the learner is to identify , draw , describe etc .

For owners who seek advice and guidance on development of an established business .
for owners who seek advice and [help] on development of an established business .

For advice or guidance on any aspect of student life , or merely a friendly chat , you are invited to contact Student Services .
for advice or [help] on any aspect of student life , or merely a friendly chat , you are invited to contact student services .

In the final year students are free to select their units , subject to the guidance of a member of staff .
in the final year students are free to select their units , subject to the [help] of a member of staff .

This is a major piece of work which is carried out under the guidance of a project supervisor .
this is a major piece of work which is carried out under the [help] of a project supervisor .

Apart from offering a few Head Girls work as non-dancing supervisors in difficult situations abroad , there never was any long-term guidance .
apart from offering a few head girls work as non-dancing supervisors in difficult situations abroad , there never was any long-term [help] .

The National Marriage Guidance Council ( address on page 153 ) offers help not only to those who are married but also to those who are divorced , separated and bereaved , or simply have problems because they are alone .
the national marriage [help] council ( address on page 153 ) offers help not only to those who are married but also to those who are divorced , separated and bereaved , or simply have problems because they are alone .

The National Marriage Guidance Council book Alone Again sees pleasing yourself as an essential part of building up wholeness .
the national marriage [help] council book alone again sees pleasing yourself as an essential part of building up wholeness .

Meals on wheels , the Samaritans , Marriage Guidance Counselling and hospital work are among the suggestions that often seem to spring to mind first .
meals on wheels , the samaritans , marriage [help] counselling and hospital work are among the suggestions that often seem to spring to mind first .

Audrey Baker , tutor for the National Marriage Guidance Council ( address on page 153 ) , says that although long-established marriages do not necessarily founder at retirement , many couples make themselves miserable by not communicating .
audrey baker , tutor for the national marriage [help] council ( address on page 153 ) , says that although long-established marriages do not necessarily founder at retirement , many couples make themselves miserable by not communicating .

He could then have discussed the matter more openly , and received some of the reassurance and guidance he needed .
he could then have discussed the matter more openly , and received some of the reassurance and [help] he needed .

Marriage guidance counselling has helped thousands of couples to renew their relationships , though there may be a waiting list and a delay of several weeks or months before counselling is offered .
marriage [help] counselling has helped thousands of couples to renew their relationships , though there may be a waiting list and a delay of several weeks or months before counselling is offered .

The National Marriage Guidance Council offers sexual therapy and also publishes a booklet about this type of counselling .
the national marriage [help] council offers sexual therapy and also publishes a booklet about this type of counselling .

It is interesting to note that in a guidance booklet produced by the Royal College of Nursing , the assumption throughout is that two people will be lifting a person out of a chair or bed .
it is interesting to note that in a [help] booklet produced by the royal college of nursing , the assumption throughout is that two people will be lifting a person out of a chair or bed .

This has yet to be fully explored but one publication at least gives useful guidance in this .
this has yet to be fully explored but one publication at least gives useful [help] in this .

He may need to advise how to obtain legal help or financial guidance .
he may need to advise how to obtain legal help or financial [help] .

Others may be fearful that they will not be able to cope without the support and guidance of the therapist .
others may be fearful that they will not be able to cope without the support and [help] of the therapist .

Description of the types of patients for whom this might be indicated , and guidance on how to proceed were provided in Chapter 4 ( p. 75 ) .
description of the types of patients for whom this might be indicated , and [help] on how to proceed were provided in chapter 4 ( p. 75 ) .

However , the therapist will benefit from being able to discuss the case with other members of the team or a supervisor in order to be given support and guidance .
however , the therapist will benefit from being able to discuss the case with other members of the team or a supervisor in order to be given support and [help] .

Others might prefer to refer patients to special agencies for such help , including social workers , counsellors attached to practices , marriage guidance counsellors , and so on .
others might prefer to refer patients to special agencies for such help , including social workers , counsellors attached to practices , marriage [help] counsellors , and so on .

1984 ) , and marriage guidance counsellors ( Marsh and Barr 1975 ; Cohen and Halpern 1978 ) working in general practice to provide help for patients with social problems .
1984 ) , and marriage [help] counsellors ( marsh and barr 1975 ; cohen and halpern 1978 ) working in general practice to provide help for patients with social problems .

Introduce new assistant to all the staff on duty , identify any member of staff who can provide advice and guidance .
introduce new assistant to all the staff on duty , identify any member of staff who can provide advice and [help] .

Since a high proportion of residents in Homes are frail , you may have to assist with nursing care , as outlined on pages 69 to 85 . It must be stressed that the doctor 's advice should be followed ; but there are ways in which you , under the guidance of the community nurse , can help to improve the conditions which affect many residents :
since a high proportion of residents in homes are frail , you may have to assist with nursing care , as outlined on pages 69 to 85 . it must be stressed that the doctor 's advice should be followed ; but there are ways in which you , under the [help] of the community nurse , can help to improve the conditions which affect many residents :

If you are in any doubt , ask for a medical opinion and for guidance on how to approach a particular resident .
if you are in any doubt , ask for a medical opinion and for [help] on how to approach a particular resident .

Similarly , the significance of friendship as a means of exercising influence was appreciated by youth workers , as it would be after 1910 in the working out of the juvenile labour exchange , vocational guidance and after-care schemes .
similarly , the significance of friendship as a means of exercising influence was appreciated by youth workers , as it would be after 1910 in the working out of the juvenile labour exchange , vocational [help] and after-care schemes .

In this respect they are the forerunners of the juvenile labour exchanges with their affiliated services of vocational guidance and after-care .
in this respect they are the forerunners of the juvenile labour exchanges with their affiliated services of vocational [help] and after-care .

The use of labour exchanges to encourage vocational guidance and industrial training would , he argued , have three consequences : it would reduce risks of individual ‘ maladjustment ’ , which often meant waste of abilities and even unemployment ; it would adjust the flow of labour between trades ; and it would discourage ‘ blind-alley ’ occupations , which he saw as not only demoralizing , but also as likely to lead to ‘ a fresh point of stress in industry — the transition to a new occupation at manhood ’ .
the use of labour exchanges to encourage vocational [help] and industrial training would , he argued , have three consequences : it would reduce risks of individual ‘ maladjustment ’ , which often meant waste of abilities and even unemployment ; it would adjust the flow of labour between trades ; and it would discourage ‘ blind-alley ’ occupations , which he saw as not only demoralizing , but also as likely to lead to ‘ a fresh point of stress in industry — the transition to a new occupation at manhood ’ .

In the section entitled ‘ Juvenile Employment ’ , Beveridge pressed the view that the exchange should be more than a place of registration and placement : it should be ‘ both a market-place and a centre of guidance and supervision in the choice of ‘ careers ’ .
in the section entitled ‘ juvenile employment ’ , beveridge pressed the view that the exchange should be more than a place of registration and placement : it should be ‘ both a market-place and a centre of [help] and supervision in the choice of ‘ careers ’ .

‘ In this way boys and girls would get ample opportunity of guidance as to their choice of careers , and those who were going to be apprenticed or learn skilled trades might have all their arrangements made while still at school .
‘ in this way boys and girls would get ample opportunity of [help] as to their choice of careers , and those who were going to be apprenticed or learn skilled trades might have all their arrangements made while still at school .

One of the most vociferous voices in the dispute was that of Mrs Ogilvie Gordon , chairwoman of the Education Committee of the National Union of Women Workers , and an old campaigner on behalf of vocational guidance for young people .
one of the most vociferous voices in the dispute was that of mrs ogilvie gordon , chairwoman of the education committee of the national union of women workers , and an old campaigner on behalf of vocational [help] for young people .

Mrs Gordon 's particular interest in the educational aspects of vocational guidance is evident from her remark in a letter to Morant that the bureau was to help to ‘ humanise the roughest elements among our young population ’ .
mrs gordon 's particular interest in the educational aspects of vocational [help] is evident from her remark in a letter to morant that the bureau was to help to ‘ humanise the roughest elements among our young population ’ .

’ Obviously vocational guidance , registration , and placement of school-leavers involved more than just the organization of the labour-market ; they were seen as essential to the incorporation of working-class adolescents into what influential social theorists were calling ‘ the community ’ .
’ obviously vocational [help] , registration , and placement of school-leavers involved more than just the organization of the labour-market ; they were seen as essential to the incorporation of working-class adolescents into what influential social theorists were calling ‘ the community ’ .

But it should be kept in mind that the home visit , for reasons of either vocational guidance or after-care , was intended to do more than simply attend to the school-leaver , who was urged to ‘ put your shoulder to the wheel ’ in order ‘ to reduce to a minimum the number of inefficient citizens ’ .
but it should be kept in mind that the home visit , for reasons of either vocational [help] or after-care , was intended to do more than simply attend to the school-leaver , who was urged to ‘ put your shoulder to the wheel ’ in order ‘ to reduce to a minimum the number of inefficient citizens ’ .

Broadly speaking the interest of the State in vocational guidance , registration and placement , and after-care , marks the beginning of its concern with wage-earning youth , which was to develop over the next twenty years with the formation of the Juvenile Organizations Committee in 1916 , the various measures to ameliorate juvenile unemployment between the wars , and the inauguration in 1939 of The ‘ Youth Service ’ , each of which was a response to economic and social pressures , and all of which refined and extended the image of youth .
broadly speaking the interest of the state in vocational [help] , registration and placement , and after-care , marks the beginning of its concern with wage-earning youth , which was to develop over the next twenty years with the formation of the juvenile organizations committee in 1916 , the various measures to ameliorate juvenile unemployment between the wars , and the inauguration in 1939 of the ‘ youth service ’ , each of which was a response to economic and social pressures , and all of which refined and extended the image of youth .

The legislation turned the transition into a public activity , performed to certain rules , clothed in the rhetoric of advice , guidance , and protection which , it was claimed , could only be given by ‘ experts ’ and selected voluntary ‘ helpers ’ .
the legislation turned the transition into a public activity , performed to certain rules , clothed in the rhetoric of advice , [help] , and protection which , it was claimed , could only be given by ‘ experts ’ and selected voluntary ‘ helpers ’ .

This input of detail , with the emphasis on the need for guidance and care made the transition appear to be a period of effort , anxiety , and danger ; and such a representation was convenient at a time when social scientists , and others , were ‘ discovering ’ adolescence as a stage of life characterized by ‘ storm and stress ’ .
this input of detail , with the emphasis on the need for [help] and care made the transition appear to be a period of effort , anxiety , and danger ; and such a representation was convenient at a time when social scientists , and others , were ‘ discovering ’ adolescence as a stage of life characterized by ‘ storm and stress ’ .

Adolescence was seen as ‘ critical ’ because it was during this stage of life ‘ when stimulating instruction , technical training and well-directed guidance in matters of conduct and personal hygiene are often most needed and , if wisely given , most helpful towards healthy living and self-control ’ .
adolescence was seen as ‘ critical ’ because it was during this stage of life ‘ when stimulating instruction , technical training and well-directed [help] in matters of conduct and personal hygiene are often most needed and , if wisely given , most helpful towards healthy living and self-control ’ .

The widespread influence of Kerschensteiner ensured that reformers referred to him for guidance on the matter .
the widespread influence of kerschensteiner ensured that reformers referred to him for [help] on the matter .

However , the single most important factor militating against employers ' cooperation was that they never regarded the ‘ problems ’ highlighted by reformers — indiscipline , excessive occupational mobility , absence of vocational guidance , lack of systematic industrial training , and inadequate preparation for family responsibilities and exercise of the franchise — as problems for which they felt responsible ; they had little interest in the search for solutions .
however , the single most important factor militating against employers ' cooperation was that they never regarded the ‘ problems ’ highlighted by reformers — indiscipline , excessive occupational mobility , absence of vocational [help] , lack of systematic industrial training , and inadequate preparation for family responsibilities and exercise of the franchise — as problems for which they felt responsible ; they had little interest in the search for solutions .

One means was actually to take control of the youth 's entry into full-time wage-earning , in order to control the transition from school to work and , by offering vocational guidance and encouraging attendance at continuation schools together with an after-care system , to set initial standards with regard to attitudes and behaviour .
one means was actually to take control of the youth 's entry into full-time wage-earning , in order to control the transition from school to work and , by offering vocational [help] and encouraging attendance at continuation schools together with an after-care system , to set initial standards with regard to attitudes and behaviour .

The undernoted figures have been extracted from the London Financial Times for the reader 's guidance .
the undernoted figures have been extracted from the london financial times for the reader 's [help] .

Little general guidance ( or comfort ) can be given in respect of the interpretation of words spelt in unfamiliar ways or the basis of phonetics .
little general [help] ( or comfort ) can be given in respect of the interpretation of words spelt in unfamiliar ways or the basis of phonetics .

In the old days , child guidance clinics and , indeed , psychoanalytic couches for adult patients were inundated with problems denoting over-control : neurotic inhibition , anxiety , shyness and many other variations on the themes of repression or suppression .
in the old days , child [help] clinics and , indeed , psychoanalytic couches for adult patients were inundated with problems denoting over-control : neurotic inhibition , anxiety , shyness and many other variations on the themes of repression or suppression .

By self-discipline we mean the judicious guidance of our desires and impulses through the elaborate filter of convention so as to obtain the maximum amount of self-satisfaction and social approval .
by self-discipline we mean the judicious [help] of our desires and impulses through the elaborate filter of convention so as to obtain the maximum amount of self-satisfaction and social approval .

Discipline as guidance
discipline as [help]

Essentially , discipline is about ‘ steering ’ the child through the shallows and rapids of life , by example and guidance , and with the encouragement that fosters growth and development .
essentially , discipline is about ‘ steering ’ the child through the shallows and rapids of life , by example and [help] , and with the encouragement that fosters growth and development .

guidance ( your experience/advice can be helpful in preventing serious mistakes/dangers ) ;
[help] ( your experience/advice can be helpful in preventing serious mistakes/dangers ) ;

The department issues financial memoranda and written guidance , and discusses with each UDCs the form and content of the annual corporate plans .
the department issues financial memoranda and written [help] , and discusses with each udcs the form and content of the annual corporate plans .

In the first of the Planning Policy Guidance documents published in January 1988 the government stated that the planning system ‘ should be efficient , effective and simple in conception and operation to facilitate much needed development and to strike the right balance between that development and the interests of conservation .
in the first of the planning policy [help] documents published in january 1988 the government stated that the planning system ‘ should be efficient , effective and simple in conception and operation to facilitate much needed development and to strike the right balance between that development and the interests of conservation .

Gives guidance on the terms under which conditions and obligations can reasonably be imposed on developers , an issue which may be particularly relevant in the argument over the development of ‘ brown ’ areas of the Green Belt .
gives [help] on the terms under which conditions and obligations can reasonably be imposed on developers , an issue which may be particularly relevant in the argument over the development of ‘ brown ’ areas of the green belt .

Detailed guidance , including advice on content .
detailed [help] , including advice on content .

Gives general guidance on conditions stressing that they should only be imposed where necessary , reasonable and enforceable .
gives general [help] on conditions stressing that they should only be imposed where necessary , reasonable and enforceable .

Guidance on ways of speeding up the planning inquiry system which supersedes the previous rules contained in Statutory Instrument 1974/420 .
[help] on ways of speeding up the planning inquiry system which supersedes the previous rules contained in statutory instrument 1974/420 .

Although the government 's Planning Policy Guidance on retail planning states that large retail developments in the Green Belt or open countryside are inappropriate , critics remain sceptical about its commitment to effective restraint .
although the government 's planning policy [help] on retail planning states that large retail developments in the green belt or open countryside are inappropriate , critics remain sceptical about its commitment to effective restraint .

There are three different ways we can get such guidance : from our substantive knowledge of the world , by experimenting with the ladder of powers , and by constructing special diagnostic plots .
there are three different ways we can get such [help] : from our substantive knowledge of the world , by experimenting with the ladder of powers , and by constructing special diagnostic plots .

we beg to state that we have been guided not by mere aesthetic reasons only , but our opinions are based upon the observance by the competitors of the instructions furnished for their guidance , together with the general disposition and arrangement of the plans , the practicability of the designs in a structural point of view , and their capability of convenient application to the public service .
we beg to state that we have been guided not by mere aesthetic reasons only , but our opinions are based upon the observance by the competitors of the instructions furnished for their [help] , together with the general disposition and arrangement of the plans , the practicability of the designs in a structural point of view , and their capability of convenient application to the public service .

But , with a little guidance , it 's possible to get quite a lot of information about the contents and the nutritional value of the food inside .
but , with a little [help] , it 's possible to get quite a lot of information about the contents and the nutritional value of the food inside .

Because they go into homes , health visitors have a unique opportunity to assess levels of safety and to offer appropriate guidance and help to parents .
because they go into homes , health visitors have a unique opportunity to assess levels of safety and to offer appropriate [help] and help to parents .

Throughout adolescence , such attributes develop but , although more independent , people of this age-group are still dependent on adult guidance and surveillance .
throughout adolescence , such attributes develop but , although more independent , people of this age-group are still dependent on adult [help] and surveillance .

For example , among the Zinacanteco Indians of southern Mexico , girls become expert weavers of complex garments through the informal guidance of adults.35 In Brazil , child street vendors with little or no schooling display sophisticated concepts of classiﬁcation and equivalence as the result of buying candy from wholesalers , pricing it with the help of adults and experienced peers , and bargaining with customers on city streets .
for example , among the zinacanteco indians of southern mexico , girls become expert weavers of complex garments through the informal [help] of adults.35 in brazil , child street vendors with little or no schooling display sophisticated concepts of classiﬁcation and equivalence as the result of buying candy from wholesalers , pricing it with the help of adults and experienced peers , and bargaining with customers on city streets .

As Damon ’ s message suggests , in building an eective vision of child development and child rearing , neither the child ’ s inner thoughts and feelings nor the role of adult guidance can be singularly extolled or wholeheartedly ignored .
as damon ’ s message suggests , in building an eective vision of child development and child rearing , neither the child ’ s inner thoughts and feelings nor the role of adult [help] can be singularly extolled or wholeheartedly ignored .

At the same time , children can develop more attractive dispositions and adaptive skills as the result of parental warmth , attention , and consistent guidance .
at the same time , children can develop more attractive dispositions and adaptive skills as the result of parental warmth , attention , and consistent [help] .

Fortunately , children can just as easily absorb worthwhile messages and information from TV , so parental guidance in this area can have great beneﬁts for development .
fortunately , children can just as easily absorb worthwhile messages and information from tv , so parental [help] in this area can have great beneﬁts for development .

You can also provide prompts , hints , and explanations , increasing the amount and directiveness of your guidance until the child makes progress .
you can also provide prompts , hints , and explanations , increasing the amount and directiveness of your [help] until the child makes progress .

Vygotsky deﬁned the zone of proximal development as the distance between the child ’ s actual development ( the tasks the child can do individually ) and the child ’ s potential development , “ determined through problem solving under adult guidance or in collaboration with more capable peers. ” 14 The “ zone , ” as I ’ ll call it from now on , is the dynamic region in which new capacities form as children tackle culturally meaningful tasks with a mentor ’ s assistance .
vygotsky deﬁned the zone of proximal development as the distance between the child ’ s actual development ( the tasks the child can do individually ) and the child ’ s potential development , “ determined through problem solving under adult [help] or in collaboration with more capable peers. ” 14 the “ zone , ” as i ’ ll call it from now on , is the dynamic region in which new capacities form as children tackle culturally meaningful tasks with a mentor ’ s assistance .

For Vygotsky , a crucial aspect of parenting and the central aim of education is to provide children with experiences in their “ zone ” —activities that challenge them but that can be accomplished with sensitive adult guidance .
for vygotsky , a crucial aspect of parenting and the central aim of education is to provide children with experiences in their “ zone ” —activities that challenge them but that can be accomplished with sensitive adult [help] .

Rather , the intensity of adult support depends on where the task falls within the child ’ s “ zone. ” When a task lies at the outer edge of the child ’ s current capabilities , more direct guidance is necessary to bring it within range of mastery .
rather , the intensity of adult support depends on where the task falls within the child ’ s “ zone. ” when a task lies at the outer edge of the child ’ s current capabilities , more direct [help] is necessary to bring it within range of mastery .

In a study of parenting in 180 societies , anthropologists Ronald and Evelyn Rohner found that warmth combined with at least moderate expectations for mature behavior and accomplishment is the most common child-rearing style around the world.48 Why do so many cultures mingle concern and aection with guidance and control—a blend known as authoritative parenting in the child-rearing literature ?
in a study of parenting in 180 societies , anthropologists ronald and evelyn rohner found that warmth combined with at least moderate expectations for mature behavior and accomplishment is the most common child-rearing style around the world.48 why do so many cultures mingle concern and aection with [help] and control—a blend known as authoritative parenting in the child-rearing literature ?

Experts asked to reﬂect on the malaise and problematic behavior of children today repeatedly comment that they lack sucient adult guidance and involvement.127 We have seen that children come into the world marvelously prepared to enter into partnerships with parents and other caregivers .
experts asked to reﬂect on the malaise and problematic behavior of children today repeatedly comment that they lack sucient adult [help] and involvement.127 we have seen that children come into the world marvelously prepared to enter into partnerships with parents and other caregivers .

Authoritative parenting , which combines the motivating power of warmth with the guidance inherent in scaolding , predicts many aspects of children ’ s competence .
authoritative parenting , which combines the motivating power of warmth with the [help] inherent in scaolding , predicts many aspects of children ’ s competence .

If , with your prompting and guidance , the child does ﬁnish the game , he or she might say , “ I won ! ” or “ Everybody won ! ” regardless of the outcome .
if , with your prompting and [help] , the child does ﬁnish the game , he or she might say , “ i won ! ” or “ everybody won ! ” regardless of the outcome .

According to an Aztec legend , Aztlán was the place from which the Mexica Aztecas came , known as the place of emergence , in some codices identified as the “ seven-cave place. ” The Mexica Aztecs traveled south under the guidance of the god Huitzilopochtli , who advised them to look for an eagle perched on a prickly pear cactus , devouring a serpent .
according to an aztec legend , aztlán was the place from which the mexica aztecas came , known as the place of emergence , in some codices identified as the “ seven-cave place. ” the mexica aztecs traveled south under the [help] of the god huitzilopochtli , who advised them to look for an eagle perched on a prickly pear cactus , devouring a serpent .

After the dance , or at the conclusion of the feast , there was the entrega de novios ( delivery of the wedding couple ) , when the wedding couple was formally returned to their parents and placed under their guidance .
after the dance , or at the conclusion of the feast , there was the entrega de novios ( delivery of the wedding couple ) , when the wedding couple was formally returned to their parents and placed under their [help] .

For those who look to the Bible for guidance , therefore , it makes a tremendous difference whether one relies primarily on the egalitarian message in chapter 1 , of ultimate human dignity for all , or on chapter 2 , with its story leading to the curse of women that they be “ ruled by their husbands . ”
for those who look to the bible for [help] , therefore , it makes a tremendous difference whether one relies primarily on the egalitarian message in chapter 1 , of ultimate human dignity for all , or on chapter 2 , with its story leading to the curse of women that they be “ ruled by their husbands . ”

Abandoning European dress for his now legendary white cotton dhoti ( loincloth ) and shawl , and drawing spiritual guidance from all the great religions of India , Gandhi became the simple but powerful symbol of India .
abandoning european dress for his now legendary white cotton dhoti ( loincloth ) and shawl , and drawing spiritual [help] from all the great religions of india , gandhi became the simple but powerful symbol of india .

If you would like to scale the “ highest heights , ” you ’ ll need expert guidance .
if you would like to scale the “ highest heights , ” you ’ ll need expert [help] .

The Travel Tips section at the back of the book ( see page 217 ) gives detailed practical guidance on the technicalities of travel through Italy , but here are some general thoughts to help you plan your trip .
the travel tips section at the back of the book ( see page 217 ) gives detailed practical [help] on the technicalities of travel through italy , but here are some general thoughts to help you plan your trip .

The Handy Travel Tips section at the back of this book ( page 215 ) contains detailed practical guidance on the technicalities of travel in France , but here are some general thoughts to help you plan your trip .
the handy travel tips section at the back of this book ( page 215 ) contains detailed practical [help] on the technicalities of travel in france , but here are some general thoughts to help you plan your trip .

Offices of the Malaysian Tourist Development Corporation in your home country can provide guidance to the most reputable companies ( see page 190 ) .
offices of the malaysian tourist development corporation in your home country can provide [help] to the most reputable companies ( see page 190 ) .

The Handy Travel Tips section , beginning on page 218 , gives detailed practical guidance , but here are some general ideas to help you plan your trip .
the handy travel tips section , beginning on page 218 , gives detailed practical [help] , but here are some general ideas to help you plan your trip .

In her experience , legal aid organizations are in need of long-term plans , guidance and structure , she said .
in her experience , legal aid organizations are in need of long-term plans , [help] and structure , she said .

The need to distinguish between ANY legal information , which LawGuys can provide , and GOOD guidance , which knowledgeable lawyers can provide , remains paramount .
the need to distinguish between any legal information , which lawguys can provide , and good [help] , which knowledgeable lawyers can provide , remains paramount .

Sites such as www.visalaw.com , or www.shusterman.com , provide a wealth of information in several languages , free email newsletters , and up-to-date , targeted guidance .
sites such as www.visalaw.com , or www.shusterman.com , provide a wealth of information in several languages , free email newsletters , and up-to-date , targeted [help] .

That is a sobering observation , to realize that 80 percent of those who need legal help are denied such guidance and counsel .
that is a sobering observation , to realize that 80 percent of those who need legal help are denied such [help] and counsel .

Of course , voluntary support from more members of the legal community would bring invaluable expertise and guidance as well .
of course , voluntary support from more members of the legal community would bring invaluable expertise and [help] as well .

Source : BLM , FHWA , IRS , and VBA fiscal year 2001 guidance .
source : blm , fhwa , irs , and vba fiscal year 2001 [help] .

Source : BLM , FHWA , IRS , and VBA fiscal year 2001 guidance .
source : blm , fhwa , irs , and vba fiscal year 2001 [help] .

Source : BLM , FHWA , IRS , and VBA fiscal year 2001 guidance .
source : blm , fhwa , irs , and vba fiscal year 2001 [help] .

IRS provided guidance to senior executives and managers to help them understand and interpret the customer survey data , identify areas for improvement , and develop action plans to respond to customers ' issues and concerns .
irs provided [help] to senior executives and managers to help them understand and interpret the customer survey data , identify areas for improvement , and develop action plans to respond to customers ' issues and concerns .

Source : IRS guidance for fiscal year 2001 .
source : irs [help] for fiscal year 2001 .

Following VA guidance for bonuses in fiscal year 2001 , senior executives in VBA receive bonuses by demonstrating significant individual and organizational achievements during the performance appraisal year as evidenced by clearly documented , specific executive achievements , such as substantive improvements in the quality of work or significant cost reductions .
following va [help] for bonuses in fiscal year 2001 , senior executives in vba receive bonuses by demonstrating significant individual and organizational achievements during the performance appraisal year as evidenced by clearly documented , specific executive achievements , such as substantive improvements in the quality of work or significant cost reductions .

For the 2000 and 2001 performance appraisal cycles , the Department of the Interior guidance limited BLM 's total number of senior executive nominations for performance awards , including the Secretary 's Executive Leadership Award , performance bonuses , or pay rate increases , to no more than 45 percent or 9 of its career senior executives as of the end of the appraisal cycles .
for the 2000 and 2001 performance appraisal cycles , the department of the interior [help] limited blm 's total number of senior executive nominations for performance awards , including the secretary 's executive leadership award , performance bonuses , or pay rate increases , to no more than 45 percent or 9 of its career senior executives as of the end of the appraisal cycles .

Page 45 GAO-02-966 Senior Executive Performance Management Appendix V VBA 's Senior Executive Performance Plans procedures as identified by the Office of Management and Budget , the National Institute of Standards and Technology , Veterans Affairs ' policies , and VBA guidance and policy documents .
page 45 gao-02-966 senior executive performance management appendix v vba 's senior executive performance plans procedures as identified by the office of management and budget , the national institute of standards and technology , veterans affairs ' policies , and vba [help] and policy documents .

The Secretaries found that the requirements are effective January 1 , 1998 , under the provisions of the MHPA and that plan administrators and sponsors , issuers , and participants needed guidance on the new statutory provisions before the effective date .
the secretaries found that the requirements are effective january 1 , 1998 , under the provisions of the mhpa and that plan administrators and sponsors , issuers , and participants needed [help] on the new statutory provisions before the effective date .

As federal agencies develop plans for acquiring and installing financial systems , the ClingerCohen Act of 1996 and related executive branch guidance will provide a framework for designing and deploying information technology .
as federal agencies develop plans for acquiring and installing financial systems , the clingercohen act of 1996 and related executive branch [help] will provide a framework for designing and deploying information technology .

This site provides access to publications and technical guidance related to accounting , auditing , financial management , and information technology .
this site provides access to publications and technical [help] related to accounting , auditing , financial management , and information technology .

Financial Accounting Standards Board- www.fasb.org The mission of the Financial Accounting Standards Board is to establish and improve standards of financial accounting and reporting for the guidance and education of the public , including issuers , auditors , and users of financial information .
financial accounting standards board- www.fasb.org the mission of the financial accounting standards board is to establish and improve standards of financial accounting and reporting for the [help] and education of the public , including issuers , auditors , and users of financial information .

The Institute of Internal Auditors-www.theiia.org For IIA members who are internal auditing practitioners , executive management , boards of directors , or audit committees , this site provides standards , guidance , and information on internal auditing best practices .
the institute of internal auditors-www.theiia.org for iia members who are internal auditing practitioners , executive management , boards of directors , or audit committees , this site provides standards , [help] , and information on internal auditing best practices .

This site provides guidance , information and tools to government and nonprofit managers as they attempt to design and implement measurementbased management in state , local , and federal government environments .
this site provides [help] , information and tools to government and nonprofit managers as they attempt to design and implement measurementbased management in state , local , and federal government environments .

IT Governance Institute- www.itgovernance.org/itgi/ This web site is designed enhance the vital link between IT and enterprise governance by offering information and resources for efficiently and effectively deploying secure , reliable information and applied technology , and providing best practice guidance on the management of ITrelated risks .
it governance institute- www.itgovernance.org/itgi/ this web site is designed enhance the vital link between it and enterprise governance by offering information and resources for efficiently and effectively deploying secure , reliable information and applied technology , and providing best practice [help] on the management of itrelated risks .

This Web site contains guidance and reports , including information about executive seminars conducted by Dr. Malcolm Sparrow , a leading authority in the area of health care fraud , and state Medicaid contacts .
this web site contains [help] and reports , including information about executive seminars conducted by dr. malcolm sparrow , a leading authority in the area of health care fraud , and state medicaid contacts .

This site provides standards , guidance , and information on internal auditing best practices for its members .
this site provides standards , [help] , and information on internal auditing best practices for its members .

For example , according to FEMA officials , some team members continued to seek leadership and guidance from management , did not trust other team members , and were reluctant to speak out in the team environment until they eventually adjusted to working in a team environment .
for example , according to fema officials , some team members continued to seek leadership and [help] from management , did not trust other team members , and were reluctant to speak out in the team environment until they eventually adjusted to working in a team environment .

The opening segments describe the problem of weak information security at federal agencies , identify existing federal guidance , and describe the issue of information security management in the context of other information technology management issues .
the opening segments describe the problem of weak information security at federal agencies , identify existing federal [help] , and describe the issue of information security management in the context of other information technology management issues .

Requirements Are Outlined in Laws and Guidance The need for federal agencies to protect sensitive and critical , but unclassified , federal data has been recognized for years in various laws , including the Privacy Act of 1974 , the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 , and the Computer Page 10 GAO/AIMD-98-68 Information Security Management Security Act of 1987 .
requirements are outlined in laws and [help] the need for federal agencies to protect sensitive and critical , but unclassified , federal data has been recognized for years in various laws , including the privacy act of 1974 , the paperwork reduction act of 1995 , and the computer page 10 gao/aimd-98-68 information security management security act of 1987 .

Further , since enactment of the original Paperwork Reduction Act in 1980 , OMB has been responsible for developing information security guidance and overseeing agency practices , and the Computer Security Act assigns the National Institute of Standards and Technology ( NIST ) primary responsibility for developing technical standards and providing related guidance .
further , since enactment of the original paperwork reduction act in 1980 , omb has been responsible for developing information security [help] and overseeing agency practices , and the computer security act assigns the national institute of standards and technology ( nist ) primary responsibility for developing technical standards and providing related [help] .

In addition , a considerable body of federal guidance on information security has been developed .
in addition , a considerable body of federal [help] on information security has been developed .

OMB has provided guidance since 1985 in its Circular A130 , Appendix III , Security of Federal Automated Information Resources , which was updated in February 1996 .
omb has provided [help] since 1985 in its circular a130 , appendix iii , security of federal automated information resources , which was updated in february 1996 .

In addition , these principles should be familiar to federal agency officials since they have been emphasized in much of the recent guidance pertaining to federal information security .
in addition , these principles should be familiar to federal agency officials since they have been emphasized in much of the recent [help] pertaining to federal information security .

Existing Federal Guidance Provides a Framework for Implementing Risk Management Practices OMB 's 1996 revision of Circular A-130 , Appendix III , recognizes that federal agencies have had difficulty in performing effective risk assessments -- expending resources on complex assessments of specific risks with limited tangible benefits in terms of improved security .
existing federal [help] provides a framework for implementing risk management practices omb 's 1996 revision of circular a-130 , appendix iii , recognizes that federal agencies have had difficulty in performing effective risk assessments -- expending resources on complex assessments of specific risks with limited tangible benefits in terms of improved security .

OMB 's 1996 update to Circular A-130 , Appendix III , provides similar guidance , specifying that a management official should authorize in writing the use of each system before beginning or significantly changing use of the system .
omb 's 1996 update to circular a-130 , appendix iii , provides similar [help] , specifying that a management official should authorize in writing the use of each system before beginning or significantly changing use of the system .

Developing and adjusting organizationwide policies and guidance , thus reducing redundant policy-related activities across the organization 's units .
developing and adjusting organizationwide policies and [help] , thus reducing redundant policy-related activities across the organization 's units .

The manufacturing company had recently drafted policies on security incident response after an incident had exposed shortfalls in the company 's guidance in this area .
the manufacturing company had recently drafted policies on security incident response after an incident had exposed shortfalls in the company 's [help] in this area .

In addition , some users may feel no compunction against browsing sensitive organizational computer files or inappropriate Internet sites if there is no clear guidance on what types of user behavior are acceptable .
in addition , some users may feel no compunction against browsing sensitive organizational computer files or inappropriate internet sites if there is no clear [help] on what types of user behavior are acceptable .

In addition , the central groups provided related explanations , guidance , and support to business units .
in addition , the central groups provided related explanations , [help] , and support to business units .

By serving as a readily available resource for organization employees , they helped clear up misunderstandings and provided guidance on topics that were not specifically addressed in written guidance .
by serving as a readily available resource for organization employees , they helped clear up misunderstandings and provided [help] on topics that were not specifically addressed in written [help] .

Techniques used included intranet websites that communicated and explained information security related policies , standards , procedures , alerts , and special notes ; awareness videos with enthusiastic endorsements from top management for the security program to supplement basic guidance , such as the importance of backing up files and protecting passwords ; interactive presentations by security staff to various user groups to market the services provided by the central information security group and answer user questions ; and security awareness day and products with security-related slogans .
techniques used included intranet websites that communicated and explained information security related policies , standards , procedures , alerts , and special notes ; awareness videos with enthusiastic endorsements from top management for the security program to supplement basic [help] , such as the importance of backing up files and protecting passwords ; interactive presentations by security staff to various user groups to market the services provided by the central information security group and answer user questions ; and security awareness day and products with security-related slogans .

It lists the priority sequence of sources that an entity should look to for accounting and reporting guidance .
it lists the priority sequence of sources that an entity should look to for accounting and reporting [help] .

Accounting principles published by authoritative standard setting bodies and other authoritative sources ( a ) in the absence of other guidance in the first three parts of this hierarchy , and ( b ) if the use of such accounting principles improves the meaningfulness of the financial statements .
accounting principles published by authoritative standard setting bodies and other authoritative sources ( a ) in the absence of other [help] in the first three parts of this hierarchy , and ( b ) if the use of such accounting principles improves the meaningfulness of the financial statements .

Accounting principles published by authoritative standard setting bodies and other authoritative sources ( 1 ) in the absence of other guidance in the first three parts of this hierarchy , and ( 2 ) if the use of such accounting standards improve the meaningfulness of the financial statements .
accounting principles published by authoritative standard setting bodies and other authoritative sources ( 1 ) in the absence of other [help] in the first three parts of this hierarchy , and ( 2 ) if the use of such accounting standards improve the meaningfulness of the financial statements .

An interpretation is a document of narrow scope that provides clarifications of original meaning , additional definitions , or other guidance pertaining to an existing SFFAS .
an interpretation is a document of narrow scope that provides clarifications of original meaning , additional definitions , or other [help] pertaining to an existing sffas .

OMB and FASAB will respond to the request for guidance by providing technical assistance unless they determine that the response should be an Interpretation .
omb and fasab will respond to the request for [help] by providing technical assistance unless they determine that the response should be an interpretation .

The standards and guidance in this Statement do not apply to deposit funds except insofar as a particular deposit fund may be classified as part of a Federal reporting entity or a disclosure may be required due to a fiduciary relationship on the part of a Federal reporting entity toward a deposit fund .
the standards and [help] in this statement do not apply to deposit funds except insofar as a particular deposit fund may be classified as part of a federal reporting entity or a disclosure may be required due to a fiduciary relationship on the part of a federal reporting entity toward a deposit fund .

The separate standards for each stewardship element contain specific guidance for that element .
the separate standards for each stewardship element contain specific [help] for that element .

These requirements describe the nature of items to be reported by Federal entities ; guidance on the form and content of agency financial reports , including the specific guidance on the format in which items addressed in this Statement will be reported , will be prescribed by OMB .
these requirements describe the nature of items to be reported by federal entities ; [help] on the form and content of agency financial reports , including the specific [help] on the format in which items addressed in this statement will be reported , will be prescribed by omb .

Accordingly , the Board has not included guidance on social insurance in this Statement and has added a Social Insurance Accounting project to its agenda .
accordingly , the board has not included [help] on social insurance in this statement and has added a social insurance accounting project to its agenda .

For guidance in measuring and reporting the cost of heritage assets transferred from other federal entities , and heritage assets acquired through donation or devise , see the general PP & E standard contained in Accounting for Property , Plant , and Equipment , SFFAS No .
for [help] in measuring and reporting the cost of heritage assets transferred from other federal entities , and heritage assets acquired through donation or devise , see the general pp & e standard contained in accounting for property , plant , and equipment , sffas no .

For guidance on heritage assets that were previously recognized as assets for balance sheet reporting , see Statement of Federal Financial Accounting Standards ( SFFAS ) No .
for [help] on heritage assets that were previously recognized as assets for balance sheet reporting , see statement of federal financial accounting standards ( sffas ) no .

For guidance relating to deferred maintenance reporting , see the Deferred Maintenance standard in Accounting for Property , Plant , and Equipment , SFFAS No .
for [help] relating to deferred maintenance reporting , see the deferred maintenance standard in accounting for property , plant , and equipment , sffas no .

For guidance on Federal mission PP & E previously recognized as assets for balance sheet reporting , see SFFAS No .
for [help] on federal mission pp & e previously recognized as assets for balance sheet reporting , see sffas no .

For guidance on deferred maintenance reporting , see SFFAS No .
for [help] on deferred maintenance reporting , see sffas no .

IMPLEMENTATION GUIDANCE 82 .
implementation [help] 82 .

For guidance relating to stewardship land that was previously recognized as assets for balance sheet reporting , see SFFAS No .
for [help] relating to stewardship land that was previously recognized as assets for balance sheet reporting , see sffas no .

For guidance on deferred maintenance reporting , see the Deferred Maintenance standard Accounting for Property , Plant , and Equipment , SFFAS No .
for [help] on deferred maintenance reporting , see the deferred maintenance standard accounting for property , plant , and equipment , sffas no .

For RSI , the auditor reviews the data for overall compliance with associated guidance and for consonance with the basic financial statements .
for rsi , the auditor reviews the data for overall compliance with associated [help] and for consonance with the basic financial statements .

Consideration of guidance for the recognition , measurement and display of obligations for social insurance programs has continued to present the Board with significant , vexing theoretical and practical problems .
consideration of [help] for the recognition , measurement and display of obligations for social insurance programs has continued to present the board with significant , vexing theoretical and practical problems .

After deliberating the issue , the Board has concluded that additional investigation and further deliberation is required and has directed the FASAB staff to continue to research social insurance issues focusing especially on : identifying the characteristics of programs which should cause them to be subject to the guidance provided in a Statement on Social Insurance ; the appropriate display of information in the financial statements ; the identification of additional information , if any , which should be required for social insurance programs ; the means for measurement of financial data included in such additional information ; and , the desirability of nonfinancial indicators ( ratios of data to GDP or `` covered payroll '' ) to describe the status of programs or the implications of potential changes to or needs of the programs.The Board has instructed the staff to be mindful of all current developments in structuring its research and its recommendations .
after deliberating the issue , the board has concluded that additional investigation and further deliberation is required and has directed the fasab staff to continue to research social insurance issues focusing especially on : identifying the characteristics of programs which should cause them to be subject to the [help] provided in a statement on social insurance ; the appropriate display of information in the financial statements ; the identification of additional information , if any , which should be required for social insurance programs ; the means for measurement of financial data included in such additional information ; and , the desirability of nonfinancial indicators ( ratios of data to gdp or `` covered payroll '' ) to describe the status of programs or the implications of potential changes to or needs of the programs.the board has instructed the staff to be mindful of all current developments in structuring its research and its recommendations .

When the Board developed the standards for stewardship reporting , its intention was to provide overall guidance on definitions , recognition , measurement , and minimum and recommended reporting .
when the board developed the standards for stewardship reporting , its intention was to provide overall [help] on definitions , recognition , measurement , and minimum and recommended reporting .

This broad guidance was intended to provide the basic reporting requirements while allowing each entity maximum flexibility in such areas as determining what constitutes the individual stewardship items for that entity , which costs are directly attributable to the stewardship item , and how best to report on multi-use items so that users will gain the best picture of the entity 's financial and performance information .
this broad [help] was intended to provide the basic reporting requirements while allowing each entity maximum flexibility in such areas as determining what constitutes the individual stewardship items for that entity , which costs are directly attributable to the stewardship item , and how best to report on multi-use items so that users will gain the best picture of the entity 's financial and performance information .

The Board believes that the desire for more specific guidance expressed by several respondents stems from the belief that without such guidance , an entity 's determination of how to apply the standards could be questioned .
the board believes that the desire for more specific [help] expressed by several respondents stems from the belief that without such [help] , an entity 's determination of how to apply the standards could be questioned .

In developing the standards for stewardship reporting , the Board concentrated on providing guidance in the principal areas of stewardship resources that have materiality for the majority of Federal entities and for the consolidated financial reporting for the Nation .
in developing the standards for stewardship reporting , the board concentrated on providing [help] in the principal areas of stewardship resources that have materiality for the majority of federal entities and for the consolidated financial reporting for the nation .

Specific form and content guidance on financial reports will be provided by OMB .
specific form and content [help] on financial reports will be provided by omb .

References to `` Title 2 '' are to the General Accounting Office 's ( GAO ) Policy and Procedures Manual for Guidance of Federal Agencies , Title 2 , Appendix I , Accounting Principles and Standards dated August 1987 .
references to `` title 2 '' are to the general accounting office 's ( gao ) policy and procedures manual for [help] of federal agencies , title 2 , appendix i , accounting principles and standards dated august 1987 .

Entity also encompasses a group of related or unrelated commercial functions , revolving funds , trust funds , and/or other accounts for which financial statements will be prepared in accordance with OMB annual guidance on Form and Content of Financial Statements .
entity also encompasses a group of related or unrelated commercial functions , revolving funds , trust funds , and/or other accounts for which financial statements will be prepared in accordance with omb annual [help] on form and content of financial statements .

The Committee is providing guidance and information to Chief Financial Officers and managers in the 24 agencies covered by the CFO Act .
the committee is providing [help] and information to chief financial officers and managers in the 24 agencies covered by the cfo act .

OMB provided guidance on the preparation and submission of strategic plans as a new part of its Circular No .
omb provided [help] on the preparation and submission of strategic plans as a new part of its circular no .

Congressional consultations also may include additional guidance on Congress ' priorities in those frequent cases where agencies have more than one statutory mission .
congressional consultations also may include additional [help] on congress ' priorities in those frequent cases where agencies have more than one statutory mission .

For example , OMB fiscal year 1996 budget preparation guidance said agencies were to identify key features of their streamlining plans ( e.g. , increased span of control , reduced organizational layers , and/or milestones for full-time equivalents ) and encouraged agencies to include performance goals and indicators in their budget justifications.12 Whereas the agencies ' fiscal year 1995 documents discussed streamlining primarily in terms of the number of positions to be eliminated , the fiscal year 1996 budget documents included discussions about how proposed staff reductions could affect the agencies ' performance .
for example , omb fiscal year 1996 budget preparation [help] said agencies were to identify key features of their streamlining plans ( e.g. , increased span of control , reduced organizational layers , and/or milestones for full-time equivalents ) and encouraged agencies to include performance goals and indicators in their budget justifications.12 whereas the agencies ' fiscal year 1995 documents discussed streamlining primarily in terms of the number of positions to be eliminated , the fiscal year 1996 budget documents included discussions about how proposed staff reductions could affect the agencies ' performance .

Under OMB 's guidance , agencies ' fiscal year 1997 budget requests were to contain a significantly greater amount of performance information to help define funding levels and projected program results .
under omb 's [help] , agencies ' fiscal year 1997 budget requests were to contain a significantly greater amount of performance information to help define funding levels and projected program results .

To compile the 17Vehicle miles of travel is published by the Federal Highway Administration , as reported by state highway agencies , and is based on formal guidance provided by the Administration .
to compile the 17vehicle miles of travel is published by the federal highway administration , as reported by state highway agencies , and is based on formal [help] provided by the administration .

This guidance is intended to demystify the assessment of computerprocessed data .
this [help] is intended to demystify the assessment of computerprocessed data .

It supplements GAO 's `` Yellow Book '' ( Government Auditing Standards , 1994 Revision ) , which defines the generally accepted government auditing standards ( GAGAS ) , and replaces the earlier GAO guidance , Assessing the Reliability of Computer-Processed Data ( GAO/OP-8.1.3 , Sept. 1990 ) .
it supplements gao 's `` yellow book '' ( government auditing standards , 1994 revision ) , which defines the generally accepted government auditing standards ( gagas ) , and replaces the earlier gao [help] , assessing the reliability of computer-processed data ( gao/op-8.1.3 , sept. 1990 ) .

This guidance , therefore , provides a flexible , risk-based framework for data reliability assessments that can be geared to the specific circumstances of each engagement .
this [help] , therefore , provides a flexible , risk-based framework for data reliability assessments that can be geared to the specific circumstances of each engagement .

This guidance is designed to help you make an appropriate , defensible assessment in the most efficient manner .
this [help] is designed to help you make an appropriate , defensible assessment in the most efficient manner .

Nancy Kingsbury Managing Director , Applied Research and Methods Section 1 : Introduction This guidance explains what data reliability means and provides a framework for assessing the reliability of computer-processed data .
nancy kingsbury managing director , applied research and methods section 1 : introduction this [help] explains what data reliability means and provides a framework for assessing the reliability of computer-processed data .

This guidance also helps you decide whether you should follow up the preliminary assessment with additional work .
this [help] also helps you decide whether you should follow up the preliminary assessment with additional work .

In addition , this guidance discusses suggested language-appropriate under different circumstances-for reporting the results of your assessment .
in addition , this [help] discusses suggested language-appropriate under different circumstances-for reporting the results of your assessment .

An on-line version of this guidance , which will include tools that may help you in assessing reliability , is currently being developed .
an on-line version of this [help] , which will include tools that may help you in assessing reliability , is currently being developed .

In this guidance , the term data always refers to computer-processed data .
in this [help] , the term data always refers to computer-processed data .

The `` Yellow Book '' requires that a data reliability assessment be performed for all data used as support for engagement findings , conclusions , or recommendations.1 This guidance will help you to design a data reliability assessment appropriate for the purposes of the engagement and then to evaluate the results of the assessment .
the `` yellow book '' requires that a data reliability assessment be performed for all data used as support for engagement findings , conclusions , or recommendations.1 this [help] will help you to design a data reliability assessment appropriate for the purposes of the engagement and then to evaluate the results of the assessment .

Page 3 GAO-03-273G Assessing Reliability While this guidance focuses only on the reliability of data in terms of accuracy and completeness , other data quality considerations are just as important .
page 3 gao-03-273g assessing reliability while this [help] focuses only on the reliability of data in terms of accuracy and completeness , other data quality considerations are just as important .

Finally , for financial audits and information system reviews , you should not follow this guidance in assessing data reliability .
finally , for financial audits and information system reviews , you should not follow this [help] in assessing data reliability .

Guidance for carrying out reviews of general and application controls is provided in the U.S. General Accounting Office , Federal Information System Controls Audit Manual , GAO/AIMD-12.19.6 ( Washington , D.C. : Jan. 1999 ) .
[help] for carrying out reviews of general and application controls is provided in the u.s. general accounting office , federal information system controls audit manual , gao/aimd-12.19.6 ( washington , d.c. : jan. 1999 ) .

For 5 Though an in-depth discussion of quality-assurance practices to be used in electronic testing and analyses is beyond the scope of this guidance , it is important to perform appropriate checks to ensure that you have obtained the correct file .
for 5 though an in-depth discussion of quality-assurance practices to be used in electronic testing and analyses is beyond the scope of this [help] , it is important to perform appropriate checks to ensure that you have obtained the correct file .

Section 8 provides guidance on the types of additional work to consider , as well as suggestions if no additional work is feasible .
section 8 provides [help] on the types of additional work to consider , as well as suggestions if no additional work is feasible .

In addition , you would need the right kind of implementation guidance to carry out a principle .
in addition , you would need the right kind of implementation [help] to carry out a principle .

However , the participants recognized that one of the big obstacles for innovation in 7This comment was based on the standards and guidance contained in Internal Control-Integrated Framework , published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations ( COSO ) of the Treadway Commission , for reporting on the effectiveness of internal control , which addresses a company 's control environment including boards of directors and audit committees .
however , the participants recognized that one of the big obstacles for innovation in 7this comment was based on the standards and [help] contained in internal control-integrated framework , published by the committee of sponsoring organizations ( coso ) of the treadway commission , for reporting on the effectiveness of internal control , which addresses a company 's control environment including boards of directors and audit committees .

Title 7 , `` Fiscal Guidance , '' provides guidance in several areas including areas covering our responsibility to settle accounts of accountable officers , issue internal control standards , and respond to agencies that inquire about these matters .
title 7 , `` fiscal [help] , '' provides [help] in several areas including areas covering our responsibility to settle accounts of accountable officers , issue internal control standards , and respond to agencies that inquire about these matters .

It also provides the basic concepts and criteria contained in Title 7 , `` Fiscal Guidance , '' of GAO 's PolicyandProceduresManualforGuidanceofFederalAgencies .
it also provides the basic concepts and criteria contained in title 7 , `` fiscal [help] , '' of gao 's policyandproceduresmanualforguidanceoffederalagencies .

OMB Circular A125 PromptPayment,5 the Prompt Payment Act , and the Federal Acquisition Regulation ( FAR ) , part 13 provide guidance on implementing fast pay .
omb circular a125 promptpayment,5 the prompt payment act , and the federal acquisition regulation ( far ) , part 13 provide [help] on implementing fast pay .

Based on that guidance , fast pay is currently subject to a limitation of $ 25,000 per invoice and the following conditions : ( 1 ) geographical separation and lack of communication facilities make it impractical to make timely payments based on evidence of acceptance , ( 2 ) suppliers who will be paid under the procedure have agreed to repair , correct , or replace goods or services not conforming to requirements , and ( 3 ) and it is limited to suppliers who have had and continue to have a good ongoing business relationship with the agency .
based on that [help] , fast pay is currently subject to a limitation of $ 25,000 per invoice and the following conditions : ( 1 ) geographical separation and lack of communication facilities make it impractical to make timely payments based on evidence of acceptance , ( 2 ) suppliers who will be paid under the procedure have agreed to repair , correct , or replace goods or services not conforming to requirements , and ( 3 ) and it is limited to suppliers who have had and continue to have a good ongoing business relationship with the agency .

The requirements and the guidance in the circular were then placed in the Code of Federal Regulations ( 5 C.F.R .
the requirements and the [help] in the circular were then placed in the code of federal regulations ( 5 c.f.r .

The guidance needed to comply with this act is contained in GAO 's StandardsforInternalControlintheFederalGovernment7 and OMB Circular A123 ( revised June 21 , 1995 ) , Managementand AccountabilityControl .
the [help] needed to comply with this act is contained in gao 's standardsforinternalcontrolinthefederalgovernment7 and omb circular a123 ( revised june 21 , 1995 ) , managementand accountabilitycontrol .

Enhancing Internal Control and Data Integrity In developing electronic data authentication systems , Title 7 recommends that agencies follow NIST guidance for payment approval ( payment certification ) .
enhancing internal control and data integrity in developing electronic data authentication systems , title 7 recommends that agencies follow nist [help] for payment approval ( payment certification ) .

Automated approvals , when the risks associated with automated records and approvals warrant it , might necessitate electronic signatures that follow NIST guidance .
automated approvals , when the risks associated with automated records and approvals warrant it , might necessitate electronic signatures that follow nist [help] .

The Government Paperwork Elimination Act requires OMB to issue guidance to agencies regarding automated systems that maintain electronic information as a substitute for paper and use electronic signatures .
the government paperwork elimination act requires omb to issue [help] to agencies regarding automated systems that maintain electronic information as a substitute for paper and use electronic signatures .

The OMB guidance states that automated techniques should depend upon risks , benefits , and cost effectiveness associated with the automated applications .
the omb [help] states that automated techniques should depend upon risks , benefits , and cost effectiveness associated with the automated applications .

Combining Statistical Sampling With Fast Pay The agencies requesting guidance on internal controls when implementing fast pay have also designed procedures to verify receipt and acceptance of goods ordered on an afterthefact sampling basis rather than on the basis of a 100percent postpayment verification as is traditionally done .
combining statistical sampling with fast pay the agencies requesting [help] on internal controls when implementing fast pay have also designed procedures to verify receipt and acceptance of goods ordered on an afterthefact sampling basis rather than on the basis of a 100percent postpayment verification as is traditionally done .

Page 25 GAO/AIMD21.3.2 ( 5/00 ) After our responses , the Government Paperwork Elimination Act ( GPEA ) became effective , requiring OMB to issue guidance to agencies for using and accepting electronic documents and signatures .
page 25 gao/aimd21.3.2 ( 5/00 ) after our responses , the government paperwork elimination act ( gpea ) became effective , requiring omb to issue [help] to agencies for using and accepting electronic documents and signatures .

OMB 's guidance states that an agency should determine whether an electronic signature alternative , in conjunction with appropriate process controls , represents a practicable tradeoff between benefits , costs , and risks ; and if so , determine and document which signature alternative is the best one to use for a particular application .
omb 's [help] states that an agency should determine whether an electronic signature alternative , in conjunction with appropriate process controls , represents a practicable tradeoff between benefits , costs , and risks ; and if so , determine and document which signature alternative is the best one to use for a particular application .

The Secretaries have found that without prompt guidance , some members of the regulated community would have difficulty complying with the requirements of the HIPAA and insured individuals will not understand the benefit to them of having a certificate of prior coverage to present upon entering the individual health insurance market .
the secretaries have found that without prompt [help] , some members of the regulated community would have difficulty complying with the requirements of the hipaa and insured individuals will not understand the benefit to them of having a certificate of prior coverage to present upon entering the individual health insurance market .

In response to a request from the Chairman and the Ranking Minority Member , Subcommittee on Readiness and Management Support , Senate Committee on Armed Services , GAO ( 1 ) assessed the impact of design and manufacturing knowledge on DOD program outcomes , ( 2 ) compared best practices to those used in DOD programs , and ( 3 ) analyzed current weapon system acquisition guidance for applicability of best practices to obtain better program outcomes .
in response to a request from the chairman and the ranking minority member , subcommittee on readiness and management support , senate committee on armed services , gao ( 1 ) assessed the impact of design and manufacturing knowledge on dod program outcomes , ( 2 ) compared best practices to those used in dod programs , and ( 3 ) analyzed current weapon system acquisition [help] for applicability of best practices to obtain better program outcomes .

The policy and guidance should also be revised to include ( 1 ) a requirement to capture and use specific manufacturing knowledge at the production commitment point as exit criteria to transition from system demonstration into production and ( 2 ) a requirement to structure major weapon system contracts to ensure the capture and use of knowledge for DOD to make investment decisions at critical junctures when transitioning from system integration to system demonstration and then into production .
the policy and [help] should also be revised to include ( 1 ) a requirement to capture and use specific manufacturing knowledge at the production commitment point as exit criteria to transition from system demonstration into production and ( 2 ) a requirement to structure major weapon system contracts to ensure the capture and use of knowledge for dod to make investment decisions at critical junctures when transitioning from system integration to system demonstration and then into production .

Specifically , we identified best practices that have led to more successful product development and production outcomes , compared the best practices to those used in DOD programs , and analyzed current weapon system acquisition guidance for applicability of best practices .
specifically , we identified best practices that have led to more successful product development and production outcomes , compared the best practices to those used in dod programs , and analyzed current weapon system acquisition [help] for applicability of best practices .

Source : GAO 's analysis and DOD acquisition guidance .
source : gao 's analysis and dod acquisition [help] .

DOD has made improvements in its acquisition policy by incorporating guidance for evolutionary acquisition , creating guidelines for the development of a basic product that can be upgraded with additional capabilities as technologies present themselves .
dod has made improvements in its acquisition policy by incorporating [help] for evolutionary acquisition , creating guidelines for the development of a basic product that can be upgraded with additional capabilities as technologies present themselves .

This rule implements section 112 ( r ) of the Clean Air Act Amendments of 1990 , which mandates that EPA promulgate regulations and develop guidance to prevent accidental releases to the air from stationary sources and mitigate the consequences of such releases by focusing prevention measures on chemicals that pose the greatest risk to the public and the environment .
this rule implements section 112 ( r ) of the clean air act amendments of 1990 , which mandates that epa promulgate regulations and develop [help] to prevent accidental releases to the air from stationary sources and mitigate the consequences of such releases by focusing prevention measures on chemicals that pose the greatest risk to the public and the environment .

According to EPA 's analysis , a number of decisions adopted in the final rule ( specifically , the adoption of tiers ( `` programs '' ) , the reduced requirements for the risk management plan and the development of guidance for offsite consequence analysis ) have significantly reduced the burden on small entities .
according to epa 's analysis , a number of decisions adopted in the final rule ( specifically , the adoption of tiers ( `` programs '' ) , the reduced requirements for the risk management plan and the development of [help] for offsite consequence analysis ) have significantly reduced the burden on small entities .

Additional funding in fiscal year 2002 is being requested for : mandatory pay and benefit costs resulting primarily from federal cost-of-living and locality pay adjustments , based on Office of Management and Budget ( OMB ) guidance , increased participation in the Federal Employees Retirement System , and an increase in the estimated number of retirees -- $ 17,554,000 ; uncontrollable inflationary increases in transportation , lodging , postage , printing , supplies , contracts , and other essential mission support services , based on OMB 's 2percent inflation index and other factors -- $ 1,565,000 ; and uncontrollable contract rate increases in building operations and maintenance and information technology programs -- $ 1,453,000 .
additional funding in fiscal year 2002 is being requested for : mandatory pay and benefit costs resulting primarily from federal cost-of-living and locality pay adjustments , based on office of management and budget ( omb ) [help] , increased participation in the federal employees retirement system , and an increase in the estimated number of retirees -- $ 17,554,000 ; uncontrollable inflationary increases in transportation , lodging , postage , printing , supplies , contracts , and other essential mission support services , based on omb 's 2percent inflation index and other factors -- $ 1,565,000 ; and uncontrollable contract rate increases in building operations and maintenance and information technology programs -- $ 1,453,000 .

The Advisory Council has recognized that GAGAS applicable to the performance audit objectives of effectiveness , economy and efficiency , internal control , and compliance are also applicable to prospective analyses , guidance , or summary information .
the advisory council has recognized that gagas applicable to the performance audit objectives of effectiveness , economy and efficiency , internal control , and compliance are also applicable to prospective analyses , [help] , or summary information .

Auditors are strongly encouraged to comply with the guidance provided by GAGAS .
auditors are strongly encouraged to comply with the [help] provided by gagas .

GAO-02-340G Government Auditing Standards Exposure Draft objectives including objectives related to assessing program effectiveness and results ; economy and efficiency ; internal control ; 7 and compliance with legal or other requirements ; and objectives related to providing prospective analyses , guidance , or summary information .
gao-02-340g government auditing standards exposure draft objectives including objectives related to assessing program effectiveness and results ; economy and efficiency ; internal control ; 7 and compliance with legal or other requirements ; and objectives related to providing prospective analyses , [help] , or summary information .

These guidance documents may also be used by auditors in planning and performing their work .
these [help] documents may also be used by auditors in planning and performing their work .

GAO has developed guidance pertaining to CPE requirements to assist auditors and audit organizations in exercising professional judgment in complying with the CPE requirements .
gao has developed [help] pertaining to cpe requirements to assist auditors and audit organizations in exercising professional judgment in complying with the cpe requirements .

This chapter concludes with guidance that auditors should give consideration to when performing financial audits in accordance with GAGAS .
this chapter concludes with [help] that auditors should give consideration to when performing financial audits in accordance with gagas .

Because of the increased accountability associated with government audits , auditors performing financial audits in accordance with GAGAS should consider the following guidance related to audit risk and materiality ( see paragraphs 4.26 and 4.27 ) , internal control over safeguarding of assets ( see paragraphs 4.28 through 4.33 ) , internal control over compliance ( see paragraphs 4.34 through 4.36 ) , and professional judgment concerning possible fraud and illegal acts ( see paragraphs 4.37 and 4.39 ) .
because of the increased accountability associated with government audits , auditors performing financial audits in accordance with gagas should consider the following [help] related to audit risk and materiality ( see paragraphs 4.26 and 4.27 ) , internal control over safeguarding of assets ( see paragraphs 4.28 through 4.33 ) , internal control over compliance ( see paragraphs 4.34 through 4.36 ) , and professional judgment concerning possible fraud and illegal acts ( see paragraphs 4.37 and 4.39 ) .

Auditors should apply the guidance contained in this section to other types of financial audits to the extent it is applicable to the nature of the engagement .
auditors should apply the [help] contained in this section to other types of financial audits to the extent it is applicable to the nature of the engagement .

AICPA standards provide guidance for auditors who use the work of a specialist who is not a member of their staff .
aicpa standards provide [help] for auditors who use the work of a specialist who is not a member of their staff .

Paragraphs 4.26 and 4.27 provide guidance on factors that may influence auditors ' materiality judgments in audits of government entities or entities receiving government assistance .
paragraphs 4.26 and 4.27 provide [help] on factors that may influence auditors ' materiality judgments in audits of government entities or entities receiving government assistance .

AICPA standards provide guidance on the interaction of quantitative and qualitative considerations in materiality judgments .
aicpa standards provide [help] on the interaction of quantitative and qualitative considerations in materiality judgments .

Generally accepted government auditing standards ( GAGAS ) incorporate for attestation engagements the AICPA 's general standard on criteria , its field work standards , and its reporting standards , as well as the AICPA Statements on Standards for Attestation Engagements ( SSAEs ) , which interpret the attestation standards , unless the Comptroller General of the United States excludes them by formal announcement.2 This chapter identifies the AICPA 's general standard on criteria , 3 field work standards , and reporting standards and prescribes additional field work and reporting standards , as well as guidance , for attestation engagements performed in accordance with GAGAS .
generally accepted government auditing standards ( gagas ) incorporate for attestation engagements the aicpa 's general standard on criteria , its field work standards , and its reporting standards , as well as the aicpa statements on standards for attestation engagements ( ssaes ) , which interpret the attestation standards , unless the comptroller general of the united states excludes them by formal announcement.2 this chapter identifies the aicpa 's general standard on criteria , 3 field work standards , and reporting standards and prescribes additional field work and reporting standards , as well as [help] , for attestation engagements performed in accordance with gagas .

Although not applicable to attestation engagements , the AICPA statements on auditing standards may provide useful guidance related to internal control for auditors performing attestation engagements in accordance with GAGAS .
although not applicable to attestation engagements , the aicpa statements on auditing standards may provide useful [help] related to internal control for auditors performing attestation engagements in accordance with gagas .

In addition , auditors performing attestation engagements may wish to refer to the internal control guidance published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ( COSO ) .
in addition , auditors performing attestation engagements may wish to refer to the internal control [help] published by the committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission ( coso ) .

The Standards for Internal Control in the Federal Government ( GAO/AIMD-00-21.3.1 , November 1999 ) , which incorporates the relevant guidance developed by COSO , provides definitions and fundamental concepts pertaining to internal control at the federal level and may be useful to auditors at any level of government .
the standards for internal control in the federal government ( gao/aimd-00-21.3.1 , november 1999 ) , which incorporates the relevant [help] developed by coso , provides definitions and fundamental concepts pertaining to internal control at the federal level and may be useful to auditors at any level of government .

Although not applicable to attestation engagements , the AICPA statements on auditing standards may provide useful guidance related to fraud for auditors performing attestation engagements in accordance with GAGAS .
although not applicable to attestation engagements , the aicpa statements on auditing standards may provide useful [help] related to fraud for auditors performing attestation engagements in accordance with gagas .

GAO-02-340G Government Auditing Standards Exposure Draft CHAPTER 7 FIELD WORK STANDARDS FOR PERFORMANCE AUDITS INTRODUCTION 7.1 This chapter prescribes field work standards and provides guidance to auditors conducting performance audits in accordance with generally accepted government auditing standards ( GAGAS ) .
gao-02-340g government auditing standards exposure draft chapter 7 field work standards for performance audits introduction 7.1 this chapter prescribes field work standards and provides [help] to auditors conducting performance audits in accordance with generally accepted government auditing standards ( gagas ) .

Even if auditors do not follow such other standards and methodologies , they may still serve as a useful source of guidance to auditors in planning their work under GAGAS .
even if auditors do not follow such other standards and methodologies , they may still serve as a useful source of [help] to auditors in planning their work under gagas .

Entity officials may provide more detailed guidance on program purpose to supplement the authorizing legislation .
entity officials may provide more detailed [help] on program purpose to supplement the authorizing legislation .

Paragraphs 7.11 through 7.16 contain guidance pertaining to internal control .
paragraphs 7.11 through 7.16 contain [help] pertaining to internal control .

Refer to internal control guidance developed for the private sector , Internal Control - Integrated Framework , published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ( COSO ) .
refer to internal control [help] developed for the private sector , internal control - integrated framework , published by the committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission ( coso ) .

The publication , Standards for Internal Control in the Federal Government ( GAO/AIMD-00-21.3.1 , November 1999 ) , which incorporates the relevant guidance developed by COSO , provides definitions and fundamental concepts pertaining to internal control at the federal level and may be useful to other auditors at any level of government .
the publication , standards for internal control in the federal government ( gao/aimd-00-21.3.1 , november 1999 ) , which incorporates the relevant [help] developed by coso , provides definitions and fundamental concepts pertaining to internal control at the federal level and may be useful to other auditors at any level of government .

Elements of supervision include providing sufficient guidance to staff members , keeping informed of significant problems encountered , reviewing the work performed , and providing effective on-the-job training .
elements of supervision include providing sufficient [help] to staff members , keeping informed of significant problems encountered , reviewing the work performed , and providing effective on-the-job training .

Paragraphs 7.49 through 7.58 provide guidance to help auditors determine what constitutes sufficient , competent , and relevant evidence to support their findings and conclusions .
paragraphs 7.49 through 7.58 provide [help] to help auditors determine what constitutes sufficient , competent , and relevant evidence to support their findings and conclusions .

GAO-02-340G Government Auditing Standards Exposure Draft 114 CHAPTER 8 REPORTING STANDARDS FOR PERFORMANCE AUDITS INTRODUCTION 8.1 This chapter prescribes reporting standards and provides guidance to auditors reporting on performance audits in accordance with generally accepted government auditing standards ( GAGAS ) .
gao-02-340g government auditing standards exposure draft 114 chapter 8 reporting standards for performance audits introduction 8.1 this chapter prescribes reporting standards and provides [help] to auditors reporting on performance audits in accordance with generally accepted government auditing standards ( gagas ) .

In reporting on elements of findings , auditors may find it useful to consider the following guidance on each finding element .
in reporting on elements of findings , auditors may find it useful to consider the following [help] on each finding element .

The opening segments describe the problem of weak information security at federal agencies , identify existing federal guidance , and describe the issue of information security management in the context of other information technology management issues .
the opening segments describe the problem of weak information security at federal agencies , identify existing federal [help] , and describe the issue of information security management in the context of other information technology management issues .

Requirements Are Outlined in Laws and Guidance The need for federal agencies to protect sensitive and critical , but unclassified , federal data has been recognized for years in various laws , including the Privacy Act of 1974 , the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 , and the Computer Page 10 GAO/AIMD-98-68 Information Security Management Security Act of 1987 .
requirements are outlined in laws and [help] the need for federal agencies to protect sensitive and critical , but unclassified , federal data has been recognized for years in various laws , including the privacy act of 1974 , the paperwork reduction act of 1995 , and the computer page 10 gao/aimd-98-68 information security management security act of 1987 .

Further , since enactment of the original Paperwork Reduction Act in 1980 , OMB has been responsible for developing information security guidance and overseeing agency practices , and the Computer Security Act assigns the National Institute of Standards and Technology ( NIST ) primary responsibility for developing technical standards and providing related guidance .
further , since enactment of the original paperwork reduction act in 1980 , omb has been responsible for developing information security [help] and overseeing agency practices , and the computer security act assigns the national institute of standards and technology ( nist ) primary responsibility for developing technical standards and providing related [help] .

In addition , a considerable body of federal guidance on information security has been developed .
in addition , a considerable body of federal [help] on information security has been developed .

OMB has provided guidance since 1985 in its Circular A130 , Appendix III , Security of Federal Automated Information Resources , which was updated in February 1996 .
omb has provided [help] since 1985 in its circular a130 , appendix iii , security of federal automated information resources , which was updated in february 1996 .

In addition , these principles should be familiar to federal agency officials since they have been emphasized in much of the recent guidance pertaining to federal information security .
in addition , these principles should be familiar to federal agency officials since they have been emphasized in much of the recent [help] pertaining to federal information security .

Existing Federal Guidance Provides a Framework for Implementing Risk Management Practices OMB 's 1996 revision of Circular A-130 , Appendix III , recognizes that federal agencies have had difficulty in performing effective risk assessments -- expending resources on complex assessments of specific risks with limited tangible benefits in terms of improved security .
existing federal [help] provides a framework for implementing risk management practices omb 's 1996 revision of circular a-130 , appendix iii , recognizes that federal agencies have had difficulty in performing effective risk assessments -- expending resources on complex assessments of specific risks with limited tangible benefits in terms of improved security .

OMB 's 1996 update to Circular A-130 , Appendix III , provides similar guidance , specifying that a management official should authorize in writing the use of each system before beginning or significantly changing use of the system .
omb 's 1996 update to circular a-130 , appendix iii , provides similar [help] , specifying that a management official should authorize in writing the use of each system before beginning or significantly changing use of the system .

Developing and adjusting organizationwide policies and guidance , thus reducing redundant policy-related activities across the organization 's units .
developing and adjusting organizationwide policies and [help] , thus reducing redundant policy-related activities across the organization 's units .

The manufacturing company had recently drafted policies on security incident response after an incident had exposed shortfalls in the company 's guidance in this area .
the manufacturing company had recently drafted policies on security incident response after an incident had exposed shortfalls in the company 's [help] in this area .

In addition , some users may feel no compunction against browsing sensitive organizational computer files or inappropriate Internet sites if there is no clear guidance on what types of user behavior are acceptable .
in addition , some users may feel no compunction against browsing sensitive organizational computer files or inappropriate internet sites if there is no clear [help] on what types of user behavior are acceptable .

In addition , the central groups provided related explanations , guidance , and support to business units .
in addition , the central groups provided related explanations , [help] , and support to business units .

By serving as a readily available resource for organization employees , they helped clear up misunderstandings and provided guidance on topics that were not specifically addressed in written guidance .
by serving as a readily available resource for organization employees , they helped clear up misunderstandings and provided [help] on topics that were not specifically addressed in written [help] .

Techniques used included intranet websites that communicated and explained information security related policies , standards , procedures , alerts , and special notes ; awareness videos with enthusiastic endorsements from top management for the security program to supplement basic guidance , such as the importance of backing up files and protecting passwords ; interactive presentations by security staff to various user groups to market the services provided by the central information security group and answer user questions ; and security awareness day and products with security-related slogans .
techniques used included intranet websites that communicated and explained information security related policies , standards , procedures , alerts , and special notes ; awareness videos with enthusiastic endorsements from top management for the security program to supplement basic [help] , such as the importance of backing up files and protecting passwords ; interactive presentations by security staff to various user groups to market the services provided by the central information security group and answer user questions ; and security awareness day and products with security-related slogans .

He made major contributions to the development of the International Organization of Supreme Audit Institutions ( INTOSAI ) , which includes 179 countries , and he also created an international fellows program at GAO to provide support , training , and guidance to a cadre of key individuals from accountability organizations worldwide .
he made major contributions to the development of the international organization of supreme audit institutions ( intosai ) , which includes 179 countries , and he also created an international fellows program at gao to provide support , training , and [help] to a cadre of key individuals from accountability organizations worldwide .

The information security management practices identified in GAO 's executive guides have been incorporated into policy guidance at many federal agencies .
the information security management practices identified in gao 's executive guides have been incorporated into policy [help] at many federal agencies .

This document offers suggestions for taking advantage of the advancements in automated T & A systems and updates the previous guidance to incorporate guidance offered in response to agency requests.1 As advancing technologies continue , managers have greater flexibility in designing and implementing T & A systems best suited for their agencies .
this document offers suggestions for taking advantage of the advancements in automated t & a systems and updates the previous [help] to incorporate [help] offered in response to agency requests.1 as advancing technologies continue , managers have greater flexibility in designing and implementing t & a systems best suited for their agencies .

Part I , civilian employees , provides guidance for civilian employees , and part II , military service members , provides guidance for military service members .
part i , civilian employees , provides [help] for civilian employees , and part ii , military service members , provides [help] for military service members .

GPEA requires agencies to comply with the guidance issued by OMB regarding automated systems that maintain electronic information as a substitute for paper and use of electronic signatures .
gpea requires agencies to comply with the [help] issued by omb regarding automated systems that maintain electronic information as a substitute for paper and use of electronic signatures .

OMB issued the guidance in Memorandum M0010 , dated April 25 , 2000 .
omb issued the [help] in memorandum m0010 , dated april 25 , 2000 .

A 29page attachment to the memorandum contains the details of the guidance .
a 29page attachment to the memorandum contains the details of the [help] .

As part of the OMB guidance , the Department of Justice was charged with developing practical guidance on legal considerations related to agencies ' use of electronic filing and record keeping .
as part of the omb [help] , the department of justice was charged with developing practical [help] on legal considerations related to agencies ' use of electronic filing and record keeping .

Approval must be done in accordance with guidance found in the subsection `` Attestations , Verifications , and Approvals '' of section `` Authorizing and Approving T & A Transactions '' of this document .
approval must be done in accordance with [help] found in the subsection `` attestations , verifications , and approvals '' of section `` authorizing and approving t & a transactions '' of this document .

While we remain sensitive of the need to maintain our institutional independence , we are working constructively with OPM , OMB , and others to explore opportunities to develop a more fully integrated set of guidance and tools for agencies to address their human capital challenges.15 In addition to providing tools to help agencies help themselves , we believe it is our responsibility to lead by example .
while we remain sensitive of the need to maintain our institutional independence , we are working constructively with opm , omb , and others to explore opportunities to develop a more fully integrated set of [help] and tools for agencies to address their human capital challenges.15 in addition to providing tools to help agencies help themselves , we believe it is our responsibility to lead by example .

Rapid advances in information technology have highlighted the need for updated internal control guidance related to modern computer systems .
rapid advances in information technology have highlighted the need for updated internal control [help] related to modern computer systems .

Furthermore , the private sector has updated its internal control guidance with the issuance of Internal Control - Integrated Framework , published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ( COSO ) .
furthermore , the private sector has updated its internal control [help] with the issuance of internal control - integrated framework , published by the committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission ( coso ) .

This update gives greater recognition to the increasing use of information technology to carry out critical government operations , recognizes the importance of human capital , and incorporates , as appropriate , the relevant updated internal control guidance developed in the private sector .
this update gives greater recognition to the increasing use of information technology to carry out critical government operations , recognizes the importance of human capital , and incorporates , as appropriate , the relevant updated internal control [help] developed in the private sector .

Agency management plays a key role in providing leadership in this area , especially in setting and maintaining the organization 's ethical tone , providing guidance for proper behavior , removing temptations for unethical behavior , and providing discipline when appropriate .
agency management plays a key role in providing leadership in this area , especially in setting and maintaining the organization 's ethical tone , providing [help] for proper behavior , removing temptations for unethical behavior , and providing discipline when appropriate .

Congress mandates the programs that agencies undertake and monitors their progress and central agencies provide policy and guidance on many different matters .
congress mandates the programs that agencies undertake and monitors their progress and central agencies provide policy and [help] on many different matters .

Further guidance on control activities for information processing is provided below under `` Control Activities Specific for Information Systems . ''
further [help] on control activities for information processing is provided below under `` control activities specific for information systems . ''

Finally , the FDA will conduct workshops , issue guidance manuals and videotapes , and hold teleconferences to aid small entities in complying with the rule .
finally , the fda will conduct workshops , issue [help] manuals and videotapes , and hold teleconferences to aid small entities in complying with the rule .

The nine chapters present audit guidance on :
the nine chapters present audit [help] on :

Each chapter lists audit objectives , commonly expected documentation , detailed audit questions , and references to federal regulations and guidance .
each chapter lists audit objectives , commonly expected documentation , detailed audit questions , and references to federal regulations and [help] .

This audit guide is also available in a software format , accompanied by reference materials such as the GAO model of the acquisition process , relevant federal acquisition regulations , General Services Administration ( GSA ) guidance , and Office of Management and Budget ( OMB ) circulars .
this audit guide is also available in a software format , accompanied by reference materials such as the gao model of the acquisition process , relevant federal acquisition regulations , general services administration ( gsa ) [help] , and office of management and budget ( omb ) circulars .

Each of the following chapters provides references to regulations and other guidance relevant to material in the chapter .
each of the following chapters provides references to regulations and other [help] relevant to material in the chapter .

In order to review an acquisition that is using prototypes , the auditor should determine what regulations or guidance the agency has to define a prototyping methodology .
in order to review an acquisition that is using prototypes , the auditor should determine what regulations or [help] the agency has to define a prototyping methodology .

Note should be made of how well the agency has addressed the critical factors in GAO 's 1990 model of information technology acquisitions as well as agency compliance with acquisition regulations , standards , and other federal guidance .
note should be made of how well the agency has addressed the critical factors in gao 's 1990 model of information technology acquisitions as well as agency compliance with acquisition regulations , standards , and other federal [help] .

Determine if the APR identifies the officials responsible for managing the effort , in accordance with the GSA guidance provided in FIRMR Bulletin C-5 .
determine if the apr identifies the officials responsible for managing the effort , in accordance with the gsa [help] provided in firmr bulletin c-5 .

An RFP should be clear and comprehensive and include the elements described in GSA 's guidance on standard solicitation documents .
an rfp should be clear and comprehensive and include the elements described in gsa 's [help] on standard solicitation documents .

Federal Regulations Each chapter of this guide lists applicable reference materials including federal regulations and guidance published by GSA , OMB , and other agencies .
federal regulations each chapter of this guide lists applicable reference materials including federal regulations and [help] published by gsa , omb , and other agencies .

GAO Audit Guidance • Information Technology : A Model to Help Managers Decrease Acquisition Risks ( GAO/IMTEC-8.1.6 , August 1990 ) .
gao audit [help] • information technology : a model to help managers decrease acquisition risks ( gao/imtec-8.1.6 , august 1990 ) .

To provide GAO evaluators with basic information about the more commonly used methodologies , GAO 's policy guidance includes documents such as methodology transfer papers and technical guidelines .
to provide gao evaluators with basic information about the more commonly used methodologies , gao 's policy [help] includes documents such as methodology transfer papers and technical guidelines .

It also gives guidance to the manager who , in reviewing completed case studies , wants to assess their strengths .
it also gives [help] to the manager who , in reviewing completed case studies , wants to assess their strengths .

Thus , while the document offers preliminary guidance , it is also a point of departure .
thus , while the document offers preliminary [help] , it is also a point of departure .

In such situations , the evaluator can turn to past experience , a search of the appropriate theoretical as well as empirical literature , the advice of knowledgeable persons , an examination of key issues in proposed or pending legislation , customer guidance , and similar techniques .
in such situations , the evaluator can turn to past experience , a search of the appropriate theoretical as well as empirical literature , the advice of knowledgeable persons , an examination of key issues in proposed or pending legislation , customer [help] , and similar techniques .

The case studies told , too , of the development of the program over time and helped give a realistic sense of problems in start-up and implementation , how changes in staffing were accommodated , and the impact of shifting federal guidance on efforts to carry out the program in the field .
the case studies told , too , of the development of the program over time and helped give a realistic sense of problems in start-up and implementation , how changes in staffing were accommodated , and the impact of shifting federal [help] on efforts to carry out the program in the field .

For example , if the purpose of the study is illustrative , an appropriate basis for site selection could be typical , representative , or cluster ; the case studies would be conducted concurrently with other methods used in the main study ; prestructuring or guidance to the evaluators in the field would be low to moderate to permit the thickness and richness of insights needed ; data could be qualitative only or both qualitative and quantitative ; the case studies probably would be analyzed within sites only ; and the reporting would probably be narrative .
for example , if the purpose of the study is illustrative , an appropriate basis for site selection could be typical , representative , or cluster ; the case studies would be conducted concurrently with other methods used in the main study ; prestructuring or [help] to the evaluators in the field would be low to moderate to permit the thickness and richness of insights needed ; data could be qualitative only or both qualitative and quantitative ; the case studies probably would be analyzed within sites only ; and the reporting would probably be narrative .

The categories are related to the evaluation subquestions ; for example , if a subquestion was `` How does the Immigration and Naturalization Service monitor the conditions of confinement in privately contracted detention facilities , '' coding categories might include who is responsible , how these persons get information , what they do with information received , evidence that minimum standards are met , evidence of shortfalls , changes over time in monitoring , and conflicting guidance or responsibilities .
the categories are related to the evaluation subquestions ; for example , if a subquestion was `` how does the immigration and naturalization service monitor the conditions of confinement in privately contracted detention facilities , '' coding categories might include who is responsible , how these persons get information , what they do with information received , evidence that minimum standards are met , evidence of shortfalls , changes over time in monitoring , and conflicting [help] or responsibilities .

The guidance would mainly expand the range of reviewers .
the [help] would mainly expand the range of reviewers .

More detail on applicable GAO guidance can be found in the Communications Manual .
more detail on applicable gao [help] can be found in the communications manual .

Evaluation Design Mismatch between criteria for the specific job and what the case study application can do ; insufficient attention to contrasts and comparisons needed for purposes of the study Site selection More sites selected than needed ; fewer sites selected than needed ; inappropriate basis for site selection , for the particular job and evaluation question Data collection Reliability jeopardized by lack of common guidance in data collection ; findings noncomparable ; lack of quality control in data collector roles and responsibilities : impartiality threatened ; overly loose relationship between data collected and the evaluation question ; inadequacy of information Data analysis Insufficient attention to requirements of analytic plan chosen : low plausibility of results ; insufficient attention to management and data reduction : inefficiency , lateness , incomplete use of data ; inadequate methods of relating findings across sites ; inadequate methods for relating qualitative and quantitative data within sites Reporting Quality and Evaluation Design : Planning Study stage Common pitfall We have presented six types of case study evaluations and for each one described features such as number of sites , site selection , data collection , data analysis , and reporting .
evaluation design mismatch between criteria for the specific job and what the case study application can do ; insufficient attention to contrasts and comparisons needed for purposes of the study site selection more sites selected than needed ; fewer sites selected than needed ; inappropriate basis for site selection , for the particular job and evaluation question data collection reliability jeopardized by lack of common [help] in data collection ; findings noncomparable ; lack of quality control in data collector roles and responsibilities : impartiality threatened ; overly loose relationship between data collected and the evaluation question ; inadequacy of information data analysis insufficient attention to requirements of analytic plan chosen : low plausibility of results ; insufficient attention to management and data reduction : inefficiency , lateness , incomplete use of data ; inadequate methods of relating findings across sites ; inadequate methods for relating qualitative and quantitative data within sites reporting quality and evaluation design : planning study stage common pitfall we have presented six types of case study evaluations and for each one described features such as number of sites , site selection , data collection , data analysis , and reporting .

Reviewers will need to refer in addition to the features of each special type of case study application for supplementary guidance on what to look for in individual case studies .
reviewers will need to refer in addition to the features of each special type of case study application for supplementary [help] on what to look for in individual case studies .

These quidelines present the minimum standard of quality in case study evaluation , taken in conjunction with the guidance in the `` Yellow Book , '' Policy Manual , and Communications Manual .
these quidelines present the minimum standard of quality in case study evaluation , taken in conjunction with the [help] in the `` yellow book , '' policy manual , and communications manual .

The Secretary has found that without prompt guidance , some members of the regulated community would have difficulty complying with the requirements of the HIPAA and insured individuals will not understand the benefit to them of having a certificate of prior coverage to present upon entering the individual health insurance market .
the secretary has found that without prompt [help] , some members of the regulated community would have difficulty complying with the requirements of the hipaa and insured individuals will not understand the benefit to them of having a certificate of prior coverage to present upon entering the individual health insurance market .

Even with the guidance provided by OMB for establishing the new information technology management leadership positions , agencies face distinct challenges in effectively positioning federal CIOs and supporting organizations to ensure that information management adds value in their business/mission performance .4 CIOs in the federal sector face structural and cultural hurdles generally not found elsewhere .
even with the [help] provided by omb for establishing the new information technology management leadership positions , agencies face distinct challenges in effectively positioning federal cios and supporting organizations to ensure that information management adds value in their business/mission performance .4 cios in the federal sector face structural and cultural hurdles generally not found elsewhere .

OMB guidance on implementing federal CIO positions includes Memorandum for the Heads of Executive Departments and Establishments , ƒImplementation of the Information Technology Management Reform Act of 1996 , ≈ M-96-20 , April 4 , 1996 ; and Memorandum for the President « s Management Council , ƒWhat Makes a Good CIO ? , ≈ June 28 , 1996 .
omb [help] on implementing federal cio positions includes memorandum for the heads of executive departments and establishments , ƒimplementation of the information technology management reform act of 1996 , ≈ m-96-20 , april 4 , 1996 ; and memorandum for the president « s management council , ƒwhat makes a good cio ? , ≈ june 28 , 1996 .

This work is intended to provide pragmatic guidance that federal agencies can consider in determining how best to integrate CIO functions into their respective organizations .
this work is intended to provide pragmatic [help] that federal agencies can consider in determining how best to integrate cio functions into their respective organizations .

Although this guide focuses on fundamental practices rather than detailed guidance , the examples illustrate and complement much of the specific guidance contained in similar and related GAO documents cited in appendix III .
although this guide focuses on fundamental practices rather than detailed [help] , the examples illustrate and complement much of the specific [help] contained in similar and related gao documents cited in appendix iii .

This section examines those practices , providing pragmatic guidance that other organizations can also consider in determining how best to integrate CIO functions into their respective organizations .
this section examines those practices , providing pragmatic [help] that other organizations can also consider in determining how best to integrate cio functions into their respective organizations .

GAO-01-376G CIO Executive Guide Page 31 guidance received from a CIO advisory board of private industry representatives , convened by the governor to facilitate learning from business organizations .
gao-01-376g cio executive guide page 31 [help] received from a cio advisory board of private industry representatives , convened by the governor to facilitate learning from business organizations .

Under CIO guidance , JNET has been planned as a multiphase , multiyear development effort with interim products and results .
under cio [help] , jnet has been planned as a multiphase , multiyear development effort with interim products and results .

We have used this information to develop suggested guidance to assist federal agencies in effectively integrating newly created CIO functions into their respective organizations .
we have used this information to develop suggested [help] to assist federal agencies in effectively integrating newly created cio functions into their respective organizations .

Appendix VI Selected Information Management Reports and Guidance An Analytical Framework for Capital Planning and Investment Control for Information Technology , U.S. General Services Administration , Office of Policy , Planning and Evaluation , Office of Information Technology , May 1996. ƒBest IT Practices in the Federal Government , ≈ CIO Council and IAC , October 1997 .
appendix vi selected information management reports and [help] an analytical framework for capital planning and investment control for information technology , u.s. general services administration , office of policy , planning and evaluation , office of information technology , may 1996. ƒbest it practices in the federal government , ≈ cio council and iac , october 1997 .

With respect to HUD 's Statement of Policy on CLOs , the Analysis states that the guidance provided should enable CLOs to develop with much greater certainty about RESPA consequences and with few restrictions on reasonable pricing and compensation .
with respect to hud 's statement of policy on clos , the analysis states that the [help] provided should enable clos to develop with much greater certainty about respa consequences and with few restrictions on reasonable pricing and compensation .

In recognition of this crucial symbiosis , LSC 's Reconfiguration Review Process prescribes a clear review mechanism that guarantees recognized stakeholders a full opportunity to make their case : 1 ) At the earliest possible time , LSC 's state planning team will advise the DSPB in each state of any issues of concern with respect to service area configuration and provide guidance on how to address those concerns consistent with the enumerated reconfiguration standards .
in recognition of this crucial symbiosis , lsc 's reconfiguration review process prescribes a clear review mechanism that guarantees recognized stakeholders a full opportunity to make their case : 1 ) at the earliest possible time , lsc 's state planning team will advise the dspb in each state of any issues of concern with respect to service area configuration and provide [help] on how to address those concerns consistent with the enumerated reconfiguration standards .

Program Letter 1998-6 , published on July 6 , 1998 , responded to recipient requests for guidance and additional information on what was expected in their state planning reports .
program letter 1998-6 , published on july 6 , 1998 , responded to recipient requests for [help] and additional information on what was expected in their state planning reports .

Since legal services people often think of themselves as `` progressives '' who do n't need further education on issues of inclusion , making diversity work within programs is not easy and requires the support and the guidance of committed leaders .
since legal services people often think of themselves as `` progressives '' who do n't need further education on issues of inclusion , making diversity work within programs is not easy and requires the support and the [help] of committed leaders .

Programs and state justice communities seek guidance on the intersection of race and poverty from national experts and focus on these issues in local , regional and state contexts .
programs and state justice communities seek [help] on the intersection of race and poverty from national experts and focus on these issues in local , regional and state contexts .

I am going to conclude my remarks today by offering you some guidance as you give thought to launching your own planning initiative .
i am going to conclude my remarks today by offering you some [help] as you give thought to launching your own planning initiative .

Measurement of Services Programs Provide in Addition to Cases Some low-income persons who seek assistance at LSC programs need only legal information , guidance with self-representation or a referral to an organization more appropriate to their needs .
measurement of services programs provide in addition to cases some low-income persons who seek assistance at lsc programs need only legal information , [help] with self-representation or a referral to an organization more appropriate to their needs .

The second website function supports volunteers who are uncomfortable in a new area of law and need guidance and direction .
the second website function supports volunteers who are uncomfortable in a new area of law and need [help] and direction .

It should be kept in mind that the issue is largely one of grantee compliance with technical and administrative guidance on how and when to report certain activities .
it should be kept in mind that the issue is largely one of grantee compliance with technical and administrative [help] on how and when to report certain activities .

Initial Findings What LSC found when it began the assessment of the CSR system was a 20-year-old reporting structure , the guidance for which had not been updated since 1993 .
initial findings what lsc found when it began the assessment of the csr system was a 20-year-old reporting structure , the [help] for which had not been updated since 1993 .

LSC 's Corrective Action As these concerns surfaced , LSC decided as an initial step to reissue the 1993 CSR Handbook in May 1998 , providing additional guidance on particular areas that were considered to be most prone to error .
lsc 's corrective action as these concerns surfaced , lsc decided as an initial step to reissue the 1993 csr handbook in may 1998 , providing additional [help] on particular areas that were considered to be most prone to error .

In general , clearer guidance was provided to programs on reviewing their own reporting procedures and practices , ensuring they conformed to the Handbook and ensuring all branch offices were aware of and were following these procedures .
in general , clearer [help] was provided to programs on reviewing their own reporting procedures and practices , ensuring they conformed to the handbook and ensuring all branch offices were aware of and were following these procedures .

LSC reiterated guidance on not reporting financially or otherwise ineligible clients , referrals of ineligible cases or cases for which no legal work was performed .
lsc reiterated [help] on not reporting financially or otherwise ineligible clients , referrals of ineligible cases or cases for which no legal work was performed .

Recognizing this guidance would not affect the 1997 CSR data , which had already been submitted by the grantees , but wanting to improve the accuracy of future CSR data , LSC sought to heighten the awareness of grantees to the CSR requirements and to focus their attention on potential problem areas .
recognizing this [help] would not affect the 1997 csr data , which had already been submitted by the grantees , but wanting to improve the accuracy of future csr data , lsc sought to heighten the awareness of grantees to the csr requirements and to focus their attention on potential problem areas .

Recognizing that more action was needed to improve the CSR system , LSC provided additional written guidance to the field , including a substantial revision to its CSR Handbook ( reissued in November 1998 ) , and conducted training sessions on that guidance .
recognizing that more action was needed to improve the csr system , lsc provided additional written [help] to the field , including a substantial revision to its csr handbook ( reissued in november 1998 ) , and conducted training sessions on that [help] .

These on-site reviews will allow LSC management to identify program weaknesses , engage in effective Corrective Actions Plans oversight , and provide program-specific needed guidance and oversight .
these on-site reviews will allow lsc management to identify program weaknesses , engage in effective corrective actions plans oversight , and provide program-specific needed [help] and oversight .

They consolidated programs to increase efficiency and deploy resources more effectively ; they took advantage of technology advances to improve intake systems ; they expanded the network of stakeholders to increase the support and guidance available to service providers .
they consolidated programs to increase efficiency and deploy resources more effectively ; they took advantage of technology advances to improve intake systems ; they expanded the network of stakeholders to increase the support and [help] available to service providers .

For example , more guidance will be provided to grantees on quantifying the numbers of brochures and materials packets they have distributed .
for example , more [help] will be provided to grantees on quantifying the numbers of brochures and materials packets they have distributed .

Strategic Directions 2000-2005 Progress Report Strategic Directions 2000 - 2005 challenges LSC staff to expand the support offered to LSC programs and to increase state planning guidance specifically to improve clients ' opportunities to access a full range of high quality civil legal services .
strategic directions 2000-2005 progress report strategic directions 2000 - 2005 challenges lsc staff to expand the support offered to lsc programs and to increase state planning [help] specifically to improve clients ' opportunities to access a full range of high quality civil legal services .

Together , the three other Mississippi LSC programs will receive $ 99,000 to implement the initiative in their service areas under the guidance of the Project Coordinator .
together , the three other mississippi lsc programs will receive $ 99,000 to implement the initiative in their service areas under the [help] of the project coordinator .

For more detailed discussion of quality assurance , and general guidance on good laboratory practices related to toxicity testing , see : FDA , 1978 ; USEPA , 1975 ; USEPA , 1979a ; USEPA , 1980a ; USEPA , 1980b ; USEPA , 1991b ; DeWoskin , 1984 ; and Taylor , 1987 .
for more detailed discussion of quality assurance , and general [help] on good laboratory practices related to toxicity testing , see : fda , 1978 ; usepa , 1975 ; usepa , 1979a ; usepa , 1980a ; usepa , 1980b ; usepa , 1991b ; dewoskin , 1984 ; and taylor , 1987 .

For more detailed discussion of quality assurance and general guidance on good laboratory practices and laboratory evaluation related to toxicity testing , see FDA ( 1978 ) ; USEPA ( 1979d ) ; USEPA ( 1980b ) ; USEPA ( 1980c ) ; USEPA ( 1991c ) ; DeWoskin ( 1984 ) ; and Taylor ( 1987 ) .
for more detailed discussion of quality assurance and general [help] on good laboratory practices and laboratory evaluation related to toxicity testing , see fda ( 1978 ) ; usepa ( 1979d ) ; usepa ( 1980b ) ; usepa ( 1980c ) ; usepa ( 1991c ) ; dewoskin ( 1984 ) ; and taylor ( 1987 ) .

For detailed guidance on identification , see the individual toxicity test methods .
for detailed [help] on identification , see the individual toxicity test methods .

USEPA ( 2000a ) provides additional guidance on selecting appropriate dilution waters .
usepa ( 2000a ) provides additional [help] on selecting appropriate dilution waters .

USEPA ( 2000a ) provides additional guidance on dual controls .
usepa ( 2000a ) provides additional [help] on dual controls .

Guidance for determining the persistence of the sample is provided in Subsection 8.7 .
[help] for determining the persistence of the sample is provided in subsection 8.7 .

USEPA ( 2000a ) provides additional guidance on choosing appropriate test concentrations .
usepa ( 2000a ) provides additional [help] on choosing appropriate test concentrations .

USEPA ( 2000a ) provides guidance on confidence intervals under these circumstances .
usepa ( 2000a ) provides [help] on confidence intervals under these circumstances .

USEPA ( 2000a ) provides guidance on evaluating concentration-response relationships to assist in determining the validity of WET test results .
usepa ( 2000a ) provides [help] on evaluating concentration-response relationships to assist in determining the validity of wet test results .

All WET test results ( from multi-concentration tests ) reported under the NPDES program should be reviewed and reported according to USEPA guidance on the evaluation of concentration-response relationships ( USEPA , 2000a ) .
all wet test results ( from multi-concentration tests ) reported under the npdes program should be reviewed and reported according to usepa [help] on the evaluation of concentration-response relationships ( usepa , 2000a ) .

This guidance provides review steps for 10 different concentration-response patterns that may be encountered in WET test data .
this [help] provides review steps for 10 different concentration-response patterns that may be encountered in wet test data .

Based on the review , the guidance provides one of three determinations : that calculated effect concentrations are reliable and should be reported , that calculated effect concentrations are anomalous and should be explained , or that the test was inconclusive and the test should be repeated with a newly collected sample .
based on the review , the [help] provides one of three determinations : that calculated effect concentrations are reliable and should be reported , that calculated effect concentrations are anomalous and should be explained , or that the test was inconclusive and the test should be repeated with a newly collected sample .

For evaluating within-test variability , reviewers should consult EPA guidance on upper and lower percent minimum significant difference ( PMSD ) bounds ( USEPA , 2000b ) .
for evaluating within-test variability , reviewers should consult epa [help] on upper and lower percent minimum significant difference ( pmsd ) bounds ( usepa , 2000b ) .

USEPA ( 2000a ) provides additional guidance on selecting appropriate dilution waters .
usepa ( 2000a ) provides additional [help] on selecting appropriate dilution waters .

USEPA ( 2000a ) provides additional guidance on dual controls .
usepa ( 2000a ) provides additional [help] on dual controls .

Guidance for determining the persistence of the sample is provided in Subsection 8.7 .
[help] for determining the persistence of the sample is provided in subsection 8.7 .

USEPA ( 2000a ) provides additional guidance on choosing appropriate test concentrations .
usepa ( 2000a ) provides additional [help] on choosing appropriate test concentrations .

USEPA ( 2000a ) provides guidance on confidence intervals under these circumstances .
usepa ( 2000a ) provides [help] on confidence intervals under these circumstances .

USEPA ( 2000a ) provides guidance on evaluating concentration-response relationships to assist in determining the validity of WET test results .
usepa ( 2000a ) provides [help] on evaluating concentration-response relationships to assist in determining the validity of wet test results .

All WET test results ( from multi-concentration tests ) reported under the NPDES program should be reviewed and reported according to USEPA guidance on the evaluation of concentration-response relationships ( USEPA , 2000a ) .
all wet test results ( from multi-concentration tests ) reported under the npdes program should be reviewed and reported according to usepa [help] on the evaluation of concentration-response relationships ( usepa , 2000a ) .

This guidance provides review steps for 10 different concentration-response patterns that may be encountered in WET test data .
this [help] provides review steps for 10 different concentration-response patterns that may be encountered in wet test data .

Based on the review , the guidance provides one of three determinations : that calculated effect concentrations are reliable and should be reported , that calculated effect concentrations are anomalous and should be explained , or that the test was inconclusive and the test should be repeated with a newly collected sample .
based on the review , the [help] provides one of three determinations : that calculated effect concentrations are reliable and should be reported , that calculated effect concentrations are anomalous and should be explained , or that the test was inconclusive and the test should be repeated with a newly collected sample .

For evaluating within-test variability , reviewers should consult EPA guidance on upper and lower percent minimum significant difference ( PMSD ) bounds ( USEPA , 2000b ) .
for evaluating within-test variability , reviewers should consult epa [help] on upper and lower percent minimum significant difference ( pmsd ) bounds ( usepa , 2000b ) .

For more detailed discussion of quality assurance and general guidance on good laboratory practices and laboratory evaluation related to toxicity testing , see FDA , ( 1978 ) ; USEPA , ( 1979d ) , USEPA ( 1980b ) , USEPA ( 1980c ) , and USEPA ( 1991c ) ; DeWoskin ( 1984 ) ; and Taylor ( 1987 ) .
for more detailed discussion of quality assurance and general [help] on good laboratory practices and laboratory evaluation related to toxicity testing , see fda , ( 1978 ) ; usepa , ( 1979d ) , usepa ( 1980b ) , usepa ( 1980c ) , and usepa ( 1991c ) ; dewoskin ( 1984 ) ; and taylor ( 1987 ) .

For detailed guidance on identification , see the individual test methods .
for detailed [help] on identification , see the individual test methods .

Technical guidance was received from Dr. Ravi Srivastava of the National Risk Management Research Laboratory , Office of Research and Development , U.S. Environmental Protection Agency .
technical [help] was received from dr. ravi srivastava of the national risk management research laboratory , office of research and development , u.s. environmental protection agency .

Although the guidance to stay in place may seem understandable in cases of conventional high-rise fires , FDNY chiefs in the North Tower lobby determined at once that all building occupants should attempt to evacuate immediately .
although the [help] to stay in place may seem understandable in cases of conventional high-rise fires , fdny chiefs in the north tower lobby determined at once that all building occupants should attempt to evacuate immediately .

The FDNY ordered both towers fully evacuated by 8:57 , but this guidance was not conveyed to 911 operators and FDNY dispatchers , who for the next hour often continued to advise civilians not to self-evacuate , regardless of whether they were above or below the impact zones .
the fdny ordered both towers fully evacuated by 8:57 , but this [help] was not conveyed to 911 operators and fdny dispatchers , who for the next hour often continued to advise civilians not to self-evacuate , regardless of whether they were above or below the impact zones .

See also NSA memo , Ann D. to others , '' Reporting Guidance , '' Dec. 30 , 1999 .
see also nsa memo , ann d. to others , '' reporting [help] , '' dec. 30 , 1999 .

He had met Ramzi Yousef in Pakistan , where they discussed bombing targets in the United States and assembled a `` terrorist kit '' that included bomb-making manuals , operations guidance , videotapes advocating terrorist action against the United States , and false identification documents .
he had met ramzi yousef in pakistan , where they discussed bombing targets in the united states and assembled a `` terrorist kit '' that included bomb-making manuals , operations [help] , videotapes advocating terrorist action against the united states , and false identification documents .

FAA training material provided no guidance for flight crews should violence occur .
faa training material provided no [help] for flight crews should violence occur .

Apart from their own peers , they looked for approval and guidance to policymakers .
apart from their own peers , they looked for approval and [help] to policymakers .

In the formal table of organization it reported to the DCI , but in fact most of the Center 's chiefs belonged to the Clandestine Service and usually looked for guidance to the head of the Directorate of Operations .
in the formal table of organization it reported to the dci , but in fact most of the center 's chiefs belonged to the clandestine service and usually looked for [help] to the head of the directorate of operations .

Congress gave little guidance to executive branch agencies , did not reform them in any significant way , and did not systematically perform oversight to identify , address , and attempt to resolve the many problems in national security and domestic agencies that became apparent in the aftermath of 9/11 .
congress gave little [help] to executive branch agencies , did not reform them in any significant way , and did not systematically perform oversight to identify , address , and attempt to resolve the many problems in national security and domestic agencies that became apparent in the aftermath of 9/11 .

It asked him to allow the CIA to give exactly the same guidance to the Northern Alliance as had just been given to the tribals : they could kill Bin Ladin if a successful capture operation was not feasible .
it asked him to allow the cia to give exactly the same [help] to the northern alliance as had just been given to the tribals : they could kill bin ladin if a successful capture operation was not feasible .

Guidelines on this subject issued in August 2001 by Deputy Attorney General LarryThompson essentially recapitulated prior guidance .
guidelines on this subject issued in august 2001 by deputy attorney general larrythompson essentially recapitulated prior [help] .

General Tommy Franks , the commanding general of Central Command , recalled receiving Rumsfeld 's guidance that each regional commander should assess what these plans meant for his area of responsibility .
general tommy franks , the commanding general of central command , recalled receiving rumsfeld 's [help] that each regional commander should assess what these plans meant for his area of responsibility .

It is a problem to be resolved in policy guidance and agency management , not in the creation of redundant , overlapping capabilities and authorities in such sensitive work .
it is a problem to be resolved in policy [help] and agency management , not in the creation of redundant , overlapping capabilities and authorities in such sensitive work .

He could not recall any specific guidance on the topic from the secretary .
he could not recall any specific [help] on the topic from the secretary .

His time was consumed with getting new officials in place and working on the foundation documents of a new defense policy , the quadrennial defense review , the defense planning guidance , and the existing contingency plans .
his time was consumed with getting new officials in place and working on the foundation documents of a new defense policy , the quadrennial defense review , the defense planning [help] , and the existing contingency plans .

The new section did not specifically order planning for the use of ground troops , or clarify how this guidance differed from the existing Infinite Resolve plans .
the new section did not specifically order planning for the use of ground troops , or clarify how this [help] differed from the existing infinite resolve plans .

The budget guidance issued the next day , however , highlighted gun crimes , narcotics trafficking , and civil rights as priorities .
the budget [help] issued the next day , however , highlighted gun crimes , narcotics trafficking , and civil rights as priorities .

He had provided guidance and training to extremists at the Farouq mosque in Brooklyn , including some who were subsequently convicted in the February 1993 attack on the World Trade Center .
he had provided [help] and training to extremists at the farouq mosque in brooklyn , including some who were subsequently convicted in the february 1993 attack on the world trade center .

His only guidance from Bin Ladin was that the two should eventually go to the United States for pilot training .
his only [help] from bin ladin was that the two should eventually go to the united states for pilot training .

They have given good advice , and faithfully carried out our guidance .
they have given good advice , and faithfully carried out our [help] .

On the guidance , and the presumed reasons for it , see Barbara Bodine interview ( Oct. 21 , 2003 ) ; Pattie Kindsvater interview ( Mar .
on the [help] , and the presumed reasons for it , see barbara bodine interview ( oct. 21 , 2003 ) ; pattie kindsvater interview ( mar .

On DOJ 's priorities , see DOJ memo , Ashcroft to Heads of Department Components , `` Guidance for Preparing FY 2003 Budgets , '' May 10 , 2001 .
on doj 's priorities , see doj memo , ashcroft to heads of department components , `` [help] for preparing fy 2003 budgets , '' may 10 , 2001 .

As of January 2000 , Thumairy was employed by the Saudi Arabian Ministry of Islamic Affairs , Religious Endowments and Religious Guidance , to act as the consulate 's liaison to the mosque .
as of january 2000 , thumairy was employed by the saudi arabian ministry of islamic affairs , religious endowments and religious [help] , to act as the consulate 's liaison to the mosque .

Moreover , when the Secretary and Vice Chairman later participated in the White House video teleconference , they were necessarily absent from the NMCC and unable to provide guidance to the operations team .
moreover , when the secretary and vice chairman later participated in the white house video teleconference , they were necessarily absent from the nmcc and unable to provide [help] to the operations team .

They should expect that officials will have realistic objectives , clear guidance , and effective organization .
they should expect that officials will have realistic objectives , clear [help] , and effective organization .

FAA guidance to controllers on hijack procedures assumed that the aircraft pilot would notify the controller via radio or by '' squawking '' a transponder code of `` 7500 '' -the universal code for a hijack in progress .
faa [help] to controllers on hijack procedures assumed that the aircraft pilot would notify the controller via radio or by '' squawking '' a transponder code of `` 7500 '' -the universal code for a hijack in progress .

The Vice President 's guidance was we need to take them out . ''
the vice president 's [help] was we need to take them out . ''

Both the mission commander and the senior weapons director indicated they did not pass the order to the fighters circling Washington and New York because they were unsure how the pilots would , or should , proceed with this guidance .
both the mission commander and the senior weapons director indicated they did not pass the order to the fighters circling washington and new york because they were unsure how the pilots would , or should , proceed with this [help] .

The guidance for Wherley was to send up the aircraft , with orders to protect the White House and take out any aircraft that threatened the Capitol .
the [help] for wherley was to send up the aircraft , with orders to protect the white house and take out any aircraft that threatened the capitol .

Nor is there any normative guidance offered by our evolutionary history that shows why we should not try to improve upon the biological design with which we are endowed .
nor is there any normative [help] offered by our evolutionary history that shows why we should not try to improve upon the biological design with which we are endowed .

Guidance may be forthcoming , however , from the World Health Organization Framework Convention on Tobacco Control , which began operation in February 2005 as an international treaty aimed at controlling tobacco packaging , marketing , and use [ 61 ] .
[help] may be forthcoming , however , from the world health organization framework convention on tobacco control , which began operation in february 2005 as an international treaty aimed at controlling tobacco packaging , marketing , and use [ 61 ] .

By telling their stories in such elaborate detail , experienced group members could offer a great deal of useful advice and guidance to those newly diagnosed , based on what they had learned in their own online research , what they had been told by their clinicians , and what they had deduced from personal experiences with the disease .
by telling their stories in such elaborate detail , experienced group members could offer a great deal of useful advice and [help] to those newly diagnosed , based on what they had learned in their own online research , what they had been told by their clinicians , and what they had deduced from personal experiences with the disease .

I was surprised to learn that many of the clinicians caring for group members provided considerably less information , guidance , and support .
i was surprised to learn that many of the clinicians caring for group members provided considerably less information , [help] , and support .

It can also include current reviews of the literature , reports from the latest medical meetings , accounts of behind-the-scenes activities at the best treatment centers , sophisticated guidance on dealing with medical professionals , and excellent advice on dealing with complex aspects of medical management .
it can also include current reviews of the literature , reports from the latest medical meetings , accounts of behind-the-scenes activities at the best treatment centers , sophisticated [help] on dealing with medical professionals , and excellent advice on dealing with complex aspects of medical management .

The scientific community should lead an ERC , says Larrouturou , ‘ but I do not like the idea that this should be completely under the guidance and wisdom of the scientific community with no strategy guidance .
the scientific community should lead an erc , says larrouturou , ‘ but i do not like the idea that this should be completely under the [help] and wisdom of the scientific community with no strategy [help] .

However , for psychophysicists , just as for motorists navigating novel territory , even a rough guidance map is better than no map , and so this olfactory space is undoubtedly a useful tool to predict the bee-subjective similarity of scents .
however , for psychophysicists , just as for motorists navigating novel territory , even a rough [help] map is better than no map , and so this olfactory space is undoubtedly a useful tool to predict the bee-subjective similarity of scents .

The answers to these questions would greatly enhance our understanding of HIV transmission and pathogenesis , and thus would provide further guidance toward an effective vaccine or microbicide .
the answers to these questions would greatly enhance our understanding of hiv transmission and pathogenesis , and thus would provide further [help] toward an effective vaccine or microbicide .

You 're last gift of $ 50.00 helped make it possible for us to provide guidance , encouragement and fun to nearly 400 Indianapolis area children .
you 're last gift of $ 50.00 helped make it possible for us to provide [help] , encouragement and fun to nearly 400 indianapolis area children .

The love , assistance and guidance that we offer them hope for a better tomorrow .
the love , assistance and [help] that we offer them hope for a better tomorrow .

Your additional gift today will enable us to provide food and clothing for physical needs ... emergency assistance during times of crisis ... spiritual guidance and encouragement ... and much more .
your additional gift today will enable us to provide food and clothing for physical needs ... emergency assistance during times of crisis ... spiritual [help] and encouragement ... and much more .

Having exhausted all of her options , Cecilia turned to her family priest where she found support and guidance .
having exhausted all of her options , cecilia turned to her family priest where she found support and [help] .

Will you make a financial gift to Big Sisters in 1999 that will ensure that more young people receive the guidance they need , that more young people stay in school , stay off drugs and make good choices ?
will you make a financial gift to big sisters in 1999 that will ensure that more young people receive the [help] they need , that more young people stay in school , stay off drugs and make good choices ?

McCoy invites the support of The __ Company Foundation in the amount of $ 10,000.00 to support such activities as : -- -- the co-ordination of youth leadership training and youth empowerment efforts at the neighborhood level by means of neighborhood-based youth councils ; -- -- the promotion of youth employment opportunities ; -- -- the facilitation of ongoing discussions regarding effective and efficient youth service delivery ; -- -- the provision of technical assistance and guidance to neighborhoods which seek positive youth-adult relationships ; -- -- the development of community-wide supports for the positive growth of all Marion County young people .
mccoy invites the support of the __ company foundation in the amount of $ 10,000.00 to support such activities as : -- -- the co-ordination of youth leadership training and youth empowerment efforts at the neighborhood level by means of neighborhood-based youth councils ; -- -- the promotion of youth employment opportunities ; -- -- the facilitation of ongoing discussions regarding effective and efficient youth service delivery ; -- -- the provision of technical assistance and [help] to neighborhoods which seek positive youth-adult relationships ; -- -- the development of community-wide supports for the positive growth of all marion county young people .

Unclear about geography , he accepts his uncles ' guidance and a suitcase full of opium and flies off to Cologne .
unclear about geography , he accepts his uncles ' [help] and a suitcase full of opium and flies off to cologne .

Mzee Kenyatta is acclaimed from all quarters of the world as a true son of Africa , a renowned leader of vision , initiative , guidance and an international public figure of the highest caliber .
mzee kenyatta is acclaimed from all quarters of the world as a true son of africa , a renowned leader of vision , initiative , [help] and an international public figure of the highest caliber .

The mast mounted sight contains a suite of sensors which includes : a high resolution television camera for long range target detection ; a thermal imaging sensor for navigation , target acquisition and designation ; a laser rangefinder/designator for target location and guidance of the Hellfire missiles and designation for Copperhead artillery rounds ; and a boresight assembly which provides in-flight sensor alignment .
the mast mounted sight contains a suite of sensors which includes : a high resolution television camera for long range target detection ; a thermal imaging sensor for navigation , target acquisition and designation ; a laser rangefinder/designator for target location and [help] of the hellfire missiles and designation for copperhead artillery rounds ; and a boresight assembly which provides in-flight sensor alignment .

Without guidance , she 's lost all morals and turned into a cauldron of rage .
without [help] , she 's lost all morals and turned into a cauldron of rage .

The Wall Street Journal has some particularly good detail on why the current action may be more effective than the Desert Storm air war : it will involve a much higher percentage of precision weapons , the cruise missiles now have satellite guidance , there is n't the distraction of also trying to attack an army deployed throughout the region , and the targeting is now being done off seven years of intelligence .
the wall street journal has some particularly good detail on why the current action may be more effective than the desert storm air war : it will involve a much higher percentage of precision weapons , the cruise missiles now have satellite [help] , there is n't the distraction of also trying to attack an army deployed throughout the region , and the targeting is now being done off seven years of intelligence .

The weapon would use the precision guidance technology already common in planes and tanks to deliver rounds that explode in the air above enemy soldiers , thereby lessening their ability to survive battlefield small arms fire by taking cover .
the weapon would use the precision [help] technology already common in planes and tanks to deliver rounds that explode in the air above enemy soldiers , thereby lessening their ability to survive battlefield small arms fire by taking cover .

At the same time , if you look at analysts ' estimates for companies ' quarterly earnings , they tend to be quite similar , which suggests that they 're the result not of aggressive independent research but rather of company guidance .
at the same time , if you look at analysts ' estimates for companies ' quarterly earnings , they tend to be quite similar , which suggests that they 're the result not of aggressive independent research but rather of company [help] .

If that 's the case , then let the company give its guidance publicly , in a conference call accessible to the public , broadcast on the Internet , and transcribed on the company 's Web site .
if that 's the case , then let the company give its [help] publicly , in a conference call accessible to the public , broadcast on the internet , and transcribed on the company 's web site .

Although the wording of constitutional equal protection clauses varies from state to state , and Vermont 's interpretation is not a binding precedent , judges often look to courts in other states for guidance on how to rule in similar circumstances .
although the wording of constitutional equal protection clauses varies from state to state , and vermont 's interpretation is not a binding precedent , judges often look to courts in other states for [help] on how to rule in similar circumstances .

Reviewers like the labyrinthine twists of the story , about two high-school students ( Neve Campbell , Denise Richards ) who accuse their high-school guidance counselor ( Matt Dillon ) of rape .
reviewers like the labyrinthine twists of the story , about two high-school students ( neve campbell , denise richards ) who accuse their high-school [help] counselor ( matt dillon ) of rape .

Despite a promising premise -- high-school students are lobotomized into conformity by a guidance counselor and their parents -- the film is said to be packed with clichés ( faces in windows , hands on shoulders ) and lacking either an ironic or a frightening touch .
despite a promising premise -- high-school students are lobotomized into conformity by a [help] counselor and their parents -- the film is said to be packed with clichés ( faces in windows , hands on shoulders ) and lacking either an ironic or a frightening touch .

Unlike Klaidman , who wants to curry favor with Clinton administration friends such as [ George ] Stephanopoulos , Klayman looks to no one , other than God , for guidance and direction .
unlike klaidman , who wants to curry favor with clinton administration friends such as [ george ] stephanopoulos , klayman looks to no one , other than god , for [help] and direction .

Given a little guidance and some suitable playthings , children who do n't get hooked on television at an early age are actually perfectly capable of amusing themselves for long stretches of time .
given a little [help] and some suitable playthings , children who do n't get hooked on television at an early age are actually perfectly capable of amusing themselves for long stretches of time .

After giving the little miscreant a sound thrashing , the governor and his wife will throw Raymond out of the house and disinherit him , or , if you choose to believe the pronouncement of parents befuddled by grief : `` We will offer Raymond our unconditional and abiding love , support and guidance . ''
after giving the little miscreant a sound thrashing , the governor and his wife will throw raymond out of the house and disinherit him , or , if you choose to believe the pronouncement of parents befuddled by grief : `` we will offer raymond our unconditional and abiding love , support and [help] . ''

In a limited way , the Reagan speech served as guidance for his policies after he came into office .
in a limited way , the reagan speech served as [help] for his policies after he came into office .

The system provides minimum guidance to what can be seen .
the system provides minimum [help] to what can be seen .

I have learned to find my way around better , although that is still a problem and I think that a technology that can deliver so much information should be able to provide better guidance on the screen and not require reference to a printed magazine .
i have learned to find my way around better , although that is still a problem and i think that a technology that can deliver so much information should be able to provide better [help] on the screen and not require reference to a printed magazine .

The film has the soul of a guidance counselor , and whenever it seems poised to go where no commercial American picture has gone before -- to a place where our responses are gummed up , where we can grasp simultaneously the horror and the allure of the white supremacist movement -- it snaps back into easy moralizing , demonization , and naive notions of how people change .
the film has the soul of a [help] counselor , and whenever it seems poised to go where no commercial american picture has gone before -- to a place where our responses are gummed up , where we can grasp simultaneously the horror and the allure of the white supremacist movement -- it snaps back into easy moralizing , demonization , and naive notions of how people change .

I remember being startled when a college professor visiting our town told me after an hour 's conversation , mainly on the street , that I was college material and would do rather well there -- something that guidance counselors and teachers at my high school had never said , despite my appetite for Shakespeare .
i remember being startled when a college professor visiting our town told me after an hour 's conversation , mainly on the street , that i was college material and would do rather well there -- something that [help] counselors and teachers at my high school had never said , despite my appetite for shakespeare .

She claims the Air Force treated her unfairly and that her commanding officers gave her no guidance .
she claims the air force treated her unfairly and that her commanding officers gave her no [help] .

Those of us who rely on the New York Times for moral guidance on all important issues were deeply alarmed by this sermonette .
those of us who rely on the new york times for moral [help] on all important issues were deeply alarmed by this sermonette .

American writers are far worse in this respect than the Brits -- even Konigsberg and Fitzhugh , whom I love as you do , can occasionally sound like guidance counselors .
american writers are far worse in this respect than the brits -- even konigsberg and fitzhugh , whom i love as you do , can occasionally sound like [help] counselors .

USAT reports that on a 1995 Iraq visit , Ritter , a seasoned inspector , discovered smuggled-in missile guidance equipment .
usat reports that on a 1995 iraq visit , ritter , a seasoned inspector , discovered smuggled-in missile [help] equipment .

Khatami 's reputation for supporting liberal policies during his tenure as minister for culture and Islamic guidance was combined with a populist campaign message stressing the importance of civil society , individual rights , a wider role for women , and greater freedom of expression .
khatami 's reputation for supporting liberal policies during his tenure as minister for culture and islamic [help] was combined with a populist campaign message stressing the importance of civil society , individual rights , a wider role for women , and greater freedom of expression .

This means that the minute the american male has a crisis of masculinity , he looks to Brett Favre or Reggie White for guidance .
this means that the minute the american male has a crisis of masculinity , he looks to brett favre or reggie white for [help] .

Having declared Wolf insubstantial and impotent , her detractors again reverse course , accusing Gore of relying too heavily on her for guidance and a definition of himself .
having declared wolf insubstantial and impotent , her detractors again reverse course , accusing gore of relying too heavily on her for [help] and a definition of himself .

He admits that he `` might have exaggerated Nixon 's spirituality '' in his own mind ; says he prayed with George Bush the eve of the Gulf War and with Nancy Reagan the day after her husband was shot ; and describes chastising Nancy Reagan for consulting an astrologer : `` I urged her to seek guidance from the Lord instead . ''
he admits that he `` might have exaggerated nixon 's spirituality '' in his own mind ; says he prayed with george bush the eve of the gulf war and with nancy reagan the day after her husband was shot ; and describes chastising nancy reagan for consulting an astrologer : `` i urged her to seek [help] from the lord instead . ''

That report , says the Times , prompted a criminal investigation of the companies , which was undermined this year when Clinton approved Loral 's export to China of information about guidance systems .
that report , says the times , prompted a criminal investigation of the companies , which was undermined this year when clinton approved loral 's export to china of information about [help] systems .

Another Times front-page piece describes how fear of litigation has made high school guidance counselors much more hesitant to pass along information about applicants to college admissions personnel .
another times front-page piece describes how fear of litigation has made high school [help] counselors much more hesitant to pass along information about applicants to college admissions personnel .

By abandoning macroeconomics the profession not only leaves the world without guidance it desperately needs ; it also risks letting the fuzzy-minded literati reclaim the ground they so deservedly lost 60 years ago .
by abandoning macroeconomics the profession not only leaves the world without [help] it desperately needs ; it also risks letting the fuzzy-minded literati reclaim the ground they so deservedly lost 60 years ago .

Seeking guidance , Chatterbox queried Christopher Hitchens , the Vanity Fair and Nation columnist , who is British by birth and an admirably uncompromising small-r republican .
seeking [help] , chatterbox queried christopher hitchens , the vanity fair and nation columnist , who is british by birth and an admirably uncompromising small-r republican .

Bettelheim believed grandiosely in being a guide , but he had fundamentally humble guidance to offer : that in the end , as in the beginning ( one of his favorite phrases ) , one can hope to grow only by endeavoring to be one 's own guide .
bettelheim believed grandiosely in being a guide , but he had fundamentally humble [help] to offer : that in the end , as in the beginning ( one of his favorite phrases ) , one can hope to grow only by endeavoring to be one 's own guide .

Martin 's idea was to reinstitute the raised eyebrow as an instrument of social commentary and guidance -- an idea that itself was supposed to raise eyebrows , and did .
martin 's idea was to reinstitute the raised eyebrow as an instrument of social commentary and [help] -- an idea that itself was supposed to raise eyebrows , and did .

To reinforce this point , he tells us how he constructed a computer program that , with only a few rules for guidance , could `` learn '' to construct webs remarkably similar to those built by real spiders .
to reinforce this point , he tells us how he constructed a computer program that , with only a few rules for [help] , could `` learn '' to construct webs remarkably similar to those built by real spiders .

I understand that many teachers are relieved to have such a script , but I am sure that with guidance , most of them would be happier using a more open-ended approach .
i understand that many teachers are relieved to have such a script , but i am sure that with [help] , most of them would be happier using a more open-ended approach .

The question is , how to give such guidance ?
the question is , how to give such [help] ?

I suppose an important question to ask , which is not at all the focus of Bennett 's book but should presumably be part of the debate about curricular reform , is what sort of guidance proves most helpful to teachers and most conducive to attracting good ones to the profession .
i suppose an important question to ask , which is not at all the focus of bennett 's book but should presumably be part of the debate about curricular reform , is what sort of [help] proves most helpful to teachers and most conducive to attracting good ones to the profession .

Unfortunately , to get to the useful information , you have to wade through reams of useless stuff , with little guidance on how to distinguish between the two .
unfortunately , to get to the useful information , you have to wade through reams of useless stuff , with little [help] on how to distinguish between the two .

There are useful aggregations of political sites available at places like About.com , where you can get guidance on every issue from animal rights to women 's liberation .
there are useful aggregations of political sites available at places like about.com , where you can get [help] on every issue from animal rights to women 's liberation .

Jurors are kept off-balance -- and in need of additional guidance from the bench -- by the judge , who instructs them to convict if the defendant is guilty `` beyond a reasonable doubt , '' without telling them whether a `` reasonable doubt '' consists of a 1 percent risk of error , a 5 percent risk of error , or a 10 percent risk of error .
jurors are kept off-balance -- and in need of additional [help] from the bench -- by the judge , who instructs them to convict if the defendant is guilty `` beyond a reasonable doubt , '' without telling them whether a `` reasonable doubt '' consists of a 1 percent risk of error , a 5 percent risk of error , or a 10 percent risk of error .

Indeed , celestial guidance appears to be Hollywood 's latest must-have accessory .
indeed , celestial [help] appears to be hollywood 's latest must-have accessory .

My record of giving good financial guidance , publicly and privately , is better than his .
my record of giving good financial [help] , publicly and privately , is better than his .

My record of giving good financial guidance , publicly and privately , is better than his .
my record of giving good financial [help] , publicly and privately , is better than his .

For every Bill Clinton who springs from his mother 's womb wearing a blue suit and speaking in sound bites , there are scores of awkward , ambitious Rotarians needing guidance .
for every bill clinton who springs from his mother 's womb wearing a blue suit and speaking in sound bites , there are scores of awkward , ambitious rotarians needing [help] .

Mike and Ellen 's wedding helper needs your guidance .
mike and ellen 's wedding helper needs your [help] .

Sensitive to the continuing need for guidance among Slate readers , however , Prudence has prevailed upon her niece and namesake , Prudence , to assume the responsibility .
sensitive to the continuing need for [help] among slate readers , however , prudence has prevailed upon her niece and namesake , prudence , to assume the responsibility .

Sensitive to the continuing need for guidance among Slate readers , however , Prudence has prevailed upon her niece and namesake , Prudence , to assume the responsibility .
sensitive to the continuing need for [help] among slate readers , however , prudence has prevailed upon her niece and namesake , prudence , to assume the responsibility .

China 's commercial rocket , the Long March , and its intercontinental ballistic missiles use precisely the same rocket boosters and guidance systems .
china 's commercial rocket , the long march , and its intercontinental ballistic missiles use precisely the same rocket boosters and [help] systems .

Loral denies that its report to the Chinese divulged sensitive information about rocket guidance systems , as a Defense Department report claims .
loral denies that its report to the chinese divulged sensitive information about rocket [help] systems , as a defense department report claims .

Yesterday an astronaut mistakenly unplugged a critical cable , thereby disabling the craft 's guidance system and causing a power loss .
yesterday an astronaut mistakenly unplugged a critical cable , thereby disabling the craft 's [help] system and causing a power loss .

Without any more guidance about why readers who were n't born yesterday should keep reading , Woodward resumes the narrative carpet-bombing .
without any more [help] about why readers who were n't born yesterday should keep reading , woodward resumes the narrative carpet-bombing .

Politicians in trouble should pore over that tape for guidance in spin control .
politicians in trouble should pore over that tape for [help] in spin control .

At USA Today , the headline reads , `` Clinton Thanks John Paul for 'Spiritual Guidance . ' ''
at usa today , the headline reads , `` clinton thanks john paul for 'spiritual [help] . ' ''

The WP has the most tactical detail on the incident , saying that the Iraqis fired three missiles without providing radar guidance until the last possible instant , to deny U.S. planes counter-targeting , a technique , the paper points out , that bagged an Air Force pilot over Bosnia in 1995 .
the wp has the most tactical detail on the incident , saying that the iraqis fired three missiles without providing radar [help] until the last possible instant , to deny u.s. planes counter-targeting , a technique , the paper points out , that bagged an air force pilot over bosnia in 1995 .

What exactly is the cash value of that `` guidance '' ?
what exactly is the cash value of that `` [help] '' ?

Spooks who have already brought the toys into their offices are advised to `` contact the Staff Security Officer for guidance . ''
spooks who have already brought the toys into their offices are advised to `` contact the staff security officer for [help] . ''

The law of trademarks , which fills more than two volumes of the Annotated U.S. Code in the local law library -- the source of the following information -- gives us some guidance as to what words can and can not be staked out as private property and what that notion of privacy really means when it comes to the use of language .
the law of trademarks , which fills more than two volumes of the annotated u.s. code in the local law library -- the source of the following information -- gives us some [help] as to what words can and can not be staked out as private property and what that notion of privacy really means when it comes to the use of language .

Laurence Urdang The Oxford Encyclopedic English Dictionary Reviewing dictionaries of this kind -- those similar in content and purpose to what are called “ college ” or “ desk ” dictionaries in the US -- is probably quite useless in providing guidance to potential purchasers : there is always the temptation to carp at omissions , cavil at what are seen as infelicities in defining and other information , and argue one 's case against the theories that are reflected in the organization of the text .
laurence urdang the oxford encyclopedic english dictionary reviewing dictionaries of this kind -- those similar in content and purpose to what are called “ college ” or “ desk ” dictionaries in the us -- is probably quite useless in providing [help] to potential purchasers : there is always the temptation to carp at omissions , cavil at what are seen as infelicities in defining and other information , and argue one 's case against the theories that are reflected in the organization of the text .

It would be useful to give a bit more information for the guidance of the innocent and unwary : chism is a variant of the vulgar slang term jism or gism for semen , so in the reported use is an indelicate metaphor .
it would be useful to give a bit more information for the [help] of the innocent and unwary : chism is a variant of the vulgar slang term jism or gism for semen , so in the reported use is an indelicate metaphor .

If it is felt that some guidance is needed , then they should hire a tutor -- there ought to be plenty of good ones available everywhere .
if it is felt that some [help] is needed , then they should hire a tutor -- there ought to be plenty of good ones available everywhere .

Oxford provides no reliable guidance in the whole matter .
oxford provides no reliable [help] in the whole matter .

One might look to modern medical journals for guidance but little is to be had .
one might look to modern medical journals for [help] but little is to be had .

However , The Chicago Manual of Style , 14th edition ( 1993 ) , does offer comfort and guidance to the perplexed , proclaiming that Most proper nouns including most names ending in sibilants take 's as in Kansas 's , Burns 's poems , Marx 's theories , Berlioz 's opera , and Ross 's lane .
however , the chicago manual of style , 14th edition ( 1993 ) , does offer comfort and [help] to the perplexed , proclaiming that most proper nouns including most names ending in sibilants take 's as in kansas 's , burns 's poems , marx 's theories , berlioz 's opera , and ross 's lane .

The reason : an inadvertent omission of a hyphen from the computer 's mass of coded mathematical ascent guidance instructions .
the reason : an inadvertent omission of a hyphen from the computer 's mass of coded mathematical ascent [help] instructions .

