Where only one club existed before , he says , two will flourish henceforth .
where only one club existed before , he says , two will flourish [from now on] .

This dinner was the start of a new blatancy in the relationship between the gangs and the politicians , which , prior to 1924 , says Pasley , `` had been maintained with more or less stealth '' , but which henceforth was marked by these ostentatious gatherings , denounced by a clergyman as `` Belshazzar feasts '' , at which `` politicians fraternized cheek by jowl with gangsters , openly , in the big downtown hotels '' .
this dinner was the start of a new blatancy in the relationship between the gangs and the politicians , which , prior to 1924 , says pasley , `` had been maintained with more or less stealth '' , but which [from now on] was marked by these ostentatious gatherings , denounced by a clergyman as `` belshazzar feasts '' , at which `` politicians fraternized cheek by jowl with gangsters , openly , in the big downtown hotels '' .

`` What I am saying does not mean that there will henceforth be no form in art .
`` what i am saying does not mean that there will [from now on] be no form in art .

There , to the Evening Post , she emphatically denied the divorce rumors and explained that she had stayed behind because of the schooling of their son , which henceforth would be strictly American .
there , to the evening post , she emphatically denied the divorce rumors and explained that she had stayed behind because of the schooling of their son , which [from now on] would be strictly american .

Undoubtedly progress would henceforth be more difficult now surprise had been lost , but the prospects of a ‘ considerable moral and material victory ’ were still immensely enticing .
undoubtedly progress would [from now on] be more difficult now surprise had been lost , but the prospects of a ‘ considerable moral and material victory ’ were still immensely enticing .

In the same year the British abandoned Palestine , never a welcome responsibility and lately become ungovernable , and henceforth took care of their Middle Eastern interests through a group of client states and the fortress colony of Aden .
in the same year the british abandoned palestine , never a welcome responsibility and lately become ungovernable , and [from now on] took care of their middle eastern interests through a group of client states and the fortress colony of aden .

As Laurence Martin has said : ‘ It is impossible to refute entirely the criticism that the various strategies of limitation may appear to make the world safe for nuclear warfare and thereby hasten its onset ’ ; but he concluded : ‘ The proper question may therefore be not , should we contemplate limited nuclear war , but , should we consider the ways of limiting the nuclear war which is henceforth always a possibility ’ ( Howard , 1979 , pp .
as laurence martin has said : ‘ it is impossible to refute entirely the criticism that the various strategies of limitation may appear to make the world safe for nuclear warfare and thereby hasten its onset ’ ; but he concluded : ‘ the proper question may therefore be not , should we contemplate limited nuclear war , but , should we consider the ways of limiting the nuclear war which is [from now on] always a possibility ’ ( howard , 1979 , pp .

The agreement which marked the end of the dispute late in 1986 concluded that , since the preparation of teaching materials to support curriculum development had been a major burden on individual teachers , henceforth curriculum development should be supported by exemplars and other teacher materials prepared by secondees and voluntary working groups .
the agreement which marked the end of the dispute late in 1986 concluded that , since the preparation of teaching materials to support curriculum development had been a major burden on individual teachers , [from now on] curriculum development should be supported by exemplars and other teacher materials prepared by secondees and voluntary working groups .

Henceforth , the Treasury and the Bank did not allow their minds to be troubled by questions about the proper role for sterling .
[from now on] , the treasury and the bank did not allow their minds to be troubled by questions about the proper role for sterling .

He bids farewell to sorrow , hoping henceforth to unpick with patience the lock of his disease , taking his punishment , and seeking to amend his life , giving thanks , and asking for mercy .
he bids farewell to sorrow , hoping [from now on] to unpick with patience the lock of his disease , taking his punishment , and seeking to amend his life , giving thanks , and asking for mercy .

He banished his brother to the west , along with his servants of darkness , although the spirits of thunder and lightning gave their allegiance to Hahgwehdiyu instead ; henceforth this god was depicted with a drum and a forked head-dress , representing these forces of nature .
he banished his brother to the west , along with his servants of darkness , although the spirits of thunder and lightning gave their allegiance to hahgwehdiyu instead ; [from now on] this god was depicted with a drum and a forked head-dress , representing these forces of nature .

Henceforth , men and monkeys remain staunch companions .
[from now on] , men and monkeys remain staunch companions .

The moon has henceforth had the ability to return to earth , while man 's right to do so was forfeited .
the moon has [from now on] had the ability to return to earth , while man 's right to do so was forfeited .

Henceforth , like St Paul , she was dead to the world and alive only to God .
[from now on] , like st paul , she was dead to the world and alive only to god .

It establishes an order from which no one can keep his distance ; nothing henceforth is exterior .
it establishes an order from which no one can keep his distance ; nothing [from now on] is exterior .

The key event was the dispute surrounding the Eddie Shah group of free newspapers and it was resolved with the help of two pieces of trade union legislation introduced in the early 1980s which henceforth placed the trade union movement on the defensive .
the key event was the dispute surrounding the eddie shah group of free newspapers and it was resolved with the help of two pieces of trade union legislation introduced in the early 1980s which [from now on] placed the trade union movement on the defensive .

If production and exchange were henceforth to be determined by those who produce and consume , what functions would their former controllers then perform ?
if production and exchange were [from now on] to be determined by those who produce and consume , what functions would their former controllers then perform ?

Henceforth this system provided the framework for his preoccupation with the problems of the extinction and origin of species .
[from now on] this system provided the framework for his preoccupation with the problems of the extinction and origin of species .

That year he moved out of London to the Kent countryside and was henceforth mainly writing books , raising children and nursing his health .
that year he moved out of london to the kent countryside and was [from now on] mainly writing books , raising children and nursing his health .

‘ China was henceforth to focus its attention on ‘ socialist modernisation ’ ’ ( Benewick and Wingrove : 17 ) .
‘ china was [from now on] to focus its attention on ‘ socialist modernisation ’ ’ ( benewick and wingrove : 17 ) .

Henceforth she must carry on from where she had started that momentous morning in Goddy 's office .
[from now on] she must carry on from where she had started that momentous morning in goddy 's office .

Coupon values had been placed upon every conceivable article , and henceforth it would be illegal to buy anything without surrendering the appropriate number of clothing coupons .
coupon values had been placed upon every conceivable article , and [from now on] it would be illegal to buy anything without surrendering the appropriate number of clothing coupons .

Henceforth , he commanded only the police in the city of Colombo .
[from now on] , he commanded only the police in the city of colombo .

Hangings were henceforth carried out behind prison walls ; the public spectacle which executions had provided came to an end .
hangings were [from now on] carried out behind prison walls ; the public spectacle which executions had provided came to an end .

Henceforth , unreformed parishes were to be grouped into Unions , with Boards of Guardians directing policy , and relief was to be refused outside the workhouse .
[from now on] , unreformed parishes were to be grouped into unions , with boards of guardians directing policy , and relief was to be refused outside the workhouse .

There were also new rules for the periti , who henceforth might give advice only when asked .
there were also new rules for the periti , who [from now on] might give advice only when asked .

Henceforth , it goes on , things will improve .
[from now on] , it goes on , things will improve .

Henceforth , parties which fail to get 5 % of the vote will not be represented in parliament .
[from now on] , parties which fail to get 5 % of the vote will not be represented in parliament .

Henceforth , the quarterly auctions of 30-year Treasury bonds are to take place only twice a year , nearly halving in volume ; auctions of seven-year notes are to be scrapped altogether .
[from now on] , the quarterly auctions of 30-year treasury bonds are to take place only twice a year , nearly halving in volume ; auctions of seven-year notes are to be scrapped altogether .

Mr Haraoka predicts that Japanese managers will henceforth act more like Western managers , putting profits before their firms ' market share .
mr haraoka predicts that japanese managers will [from now on] act more like western managers , putting profits before their firms ' market share .

At the beginning of this year the Louvre became an établissement public administratif , which means that henceforth the director of the museum will also be solely responsible for the whole establishment , which will also have greater financial autonomy .
at the beginning of this year the louvre became an établissement public administratif , which means that [from now on] the director of the museum will also be solely responsible for the whole establishment , which will also have greater financial autonomy .

Henceforth he supported York until Anselm 's death brought him back to his father 's policy of supporting the unity of the Church under the southern see , By this time , however , it was too late to alter the general swing away from overlordships such as that claimed by Canterbury .
[from now on] he supported york until anselm 's death brought him back to his father 's policy of supporting the unity of the church under the southern see , by this time , however , it was too late to alter the general swing away from overlordships such as that claimed by canterbury .

Anselm was determined to make the clearest possible break with past practice : henceforth no priest or deacon was to be allowed , on any pretext whatsoever , to have a wife and continue to carry out his duties , and he had prepared an elaborate series of provisional arrangements to cope with the shortage of qualified priests under the new regulations .
anselm was determined to make the clearest possible break with past practice : [from now on] no priest or deacon was to be allowed , on any pretext whatsoever , to have a wife and continue to carry out his duties , and he had prepared an elaborate series of provisional arrangements to cope with the shortage of qualified priests under the new regulations .

Once mistaken for a joker , he could henceforth be seen as a crank : an important advance in reputation , though this playful and darting mind was seldom so serious as when it was spoofing , or so earnest in intent as when making a joke .
once mistaken for a joker , he could [from now on] be seen as a crank : an important advance in reputation , though this playful and darting mind was seldom so serious as when it was spoofing , or so earnest in intent as when making a joke .

The battle was also a landmark in the conduct of the war , for henceforth both sides dug in and a complex line of trenches soon stretched from the North Sea to the Swiss frontier .
the battle was also a landmark in the conduct of the war , for [from now on] both sides dug in and a complex line of trenches soon stretched from the north sea to the swiss frontier .

Henceforth to be a Christian is to be united to the risen Christ through the adoption of the Spirit .
[from now on] to be a christian is to be united to the risen christ through the adoption of the spirit .

Henceforth , tradition , superstition and , later , biblical authority itself would be under continual scrutiny and correction from the empyrean dictates of critical reasoning .
[from now on] , tradition , superstition and , later , biblical authority itself would be under continual scrutiny and correction from the empyrean dictates of critical reasoning .

The revolutions of Europe and the New World blew apart the old order for ever ; henceforth there could be no going back — no healing of the breach .
the revolutions of europe and the new world blew apart the old order for ever ; [from now on] there could be no going back — no healing of the breach .

Henceforth the local , stable community where relationships were both personal and persistent became no more than a rarity in the modern world .
[from now on] the local , stable community where relationships were both personal and persistent became no more than a rarity in the modern world .

‘ The Pacific Ocean , its shores , its islands , ’ he said , ‘ will become the great theatre of events in the world 's hereafter … henceforth European commerce , European thought and European connections , although becoming more intimate , will nevertheless sink in importance .
‘ the pacific ocean , its shores , its islands , ’ he said , ‘ will become the great theatre of events in the world 's hereafter … [from now on] european commerce , european thought and european connections , although becoming more intimate , will nevertheless sink in importance .

Henceforth the neophyte cadet will not address any Imperial Fist unless said Marine first addresses the cadet .
[from now on] the neophyte cadet will not address any imperial fist unless said marine first addresses the cadet .

The cadets received their melachromic organ , which henceforth would monitor radiations bombarding their skin and darken it protectively .
the cadets received their melachromic organ , which [from now on] would monitor radiations bombarding their skin and darken it protectively .

Henceforth they were true custodians of the Imperial Fists ' greatest treasure .
[from now on] they were true custodians of the imperial fists ' greatest treasure .

Henceforth they did not rampage — they sneaked .
[from now on] they did not rampage — they sneaked .

And every delay is henceforth to our opponents ' advantage .
and every delay is [from now on] to our opponents ' advantage .

Furthermore , enough insight has been achieved in mapping their respective domains to allow us henceforth to set the problem of demarcation to one side .
furthermore , enough insight has been achieved in mapping their respective domains to allow us [from now on] to set the problem of demarcation to one side .

it will be henceforth assumed that the typical unit of lexicology is the word ( this statement is so obvious as to have an air of tautology ) .
it will be [from now on] assumed that the typical unit of lexicology is the word ( this statement is so obvious as to have an air of tautology ) .

Extremely enters into no further direct interaction — it exerts its semantic influence henceforth only ‘ through ’ fast ; it is fast that directly interacts with cars .
extremely enters into no further direct interaction — it exerts its semantic influence [from now on] only ‘ through ’ fast ; it is fast that directly interacts with cars .

Henceforth life in Egypt was forever tied to the banks of the river .
[from now on] life in egypt was forever tied to the banks of the river .

Henceforth ‘ industry ’ and ‘ art ’ would always be in symbiotic struggle , within popular as well as elite genres .
[from now on] ‘ industry ’ and ‘ art ’ would always be in symbiotic struggle , within popular as well as elite genres .

Juries were to deal with serious criminal cases , elected justices of the peace were to hear minor criminal and civil cases , and trials were henceforth to be held in public .
juries were to deal with serious criminal cases , elected justices of the peace were to hear minor criminal and civil cases , and trials were [from now on] to be held in public .

1809 The Meeting having understood that great confusion and Litigation arises from the measure in Barley Deliver 'd at the Different periods … now order henceforth the measure in Barley shall be sixteen pecks of the Islay measure at all seasons …
1809 the meeting having understood that great confusion and litigation arises from the measure in barley deliver 'd at the different periods … now order [from now on] the measure in barley shall be sixteen pecks of the islay measure at all seasons …

They expressed deep regret and promised henceforth to keep the peace . ``
they expressed deep regret and promised [from now on] to keep the peace . ``

The decree of 1274 henceforth banned the holding of two or more cures of souls simultaneously except where a papal licence to do so had been obtained .
the decree of 1274 [from now on] banned the holding of two or more cures of souls simultaneously except where a papal licence to do so had been obtained .

‘ The purchaser hereby covenants with the vendor by way of indemnity only that the purchaser and the persons deriving title under him will henceforth and at all times duly pay all rents becoming due under the lease and observe and perform all covenants agreements and conditions therein contained on the part of the tenant or persons deriving title under it to be observed and performed and also will at all times keep the vendor its successors in title and assigns effectively indemnified against all proceedings costs claims expenses and liabilities in respect thereof .
‘ the purchaser hereby covenants with the vendor by way of indemnity only that the purchaser and the persons deriving title under him will [from now on] and at all times duly pay all rents becoming due under the lease and observe and perform all covenants agreements and conditions therein contained on the part of the tenant or persons deriving title under it to be observed and performed and also will at all times keep the vendor its successors in title and assigns effectively indemnified against all proceedings costs claims expenses and liabilities in respect thereof .

You would be wise to keep away form Ardakkeans , henceforth .
you would be wise to keep away form ardakkeans , [from now on] .

Henceforth Laura insisted that home was wherever Bernard was , and she accepted stoically and with cheerfulness the many unpleasant aspects of the move .
[from now on] laura insisted that home was wherever bernard was , and she accepted stoically and with cheerfulness the many unpleasant aspects of the move .

After Rhydoldog , Jane was invited to undertake a second phase of decoration at Remaisnil and , as one of her first gestures , removed a series of framed modern posters which Bernard had positioned up the main stairway ; the focus of the hallway henceforth was a magnificent eighteenth-century Brussels tapestry .
after rhydoldog , jane was invited to undertake a second phase of decoration at remaisnil and , as one of her first gestures , removed a series of framed modern posters which bernard had positioned up the main stairway ; the focus of the hallway [from now on] was a magnificent eighteenth-century brussels tapestry .

Henceforth , it is said , the rich and the noble are those descended from the creatures who were formed before Nu Kua tired of her task — the men of yellow earth — whereas the poor and the lowly are descendants of the cord-made men — the men of mud .
[from now on] , it is said , the rich and the noble are those descended from the creatures who were formed before nu kua tired of her task — the men of yellow earth — whereas the poor and the lowly are descendants of the cord-made men — the men of mud .

The House of Lords has stated that Liversidge need no longer haunt the law , and it can be confidently predicted that the more natural objective meaning will henceforth be ascribed to such words .
the house of lords has stated that liversidge need no longer haunt the law , and it can be confidently predicted that the more natural objective meaning will [from now on] be ascribed to such words .

The Soviet Union decided to endorse the expulsion of Escalante : Castro was henceforth referred to as ‘ comrade ’ and Cuba 's place in the Soviet bloc was officially acknowledged when it was listed along with the other ’ socialist ' states in the traditional May Day slogans .
the soviet union decided to endorse the expulsion of escalante : castro was [from now on] referred to as ‘ comrade ’ and cuba 's place in the soviet bloc was officially acknowledged when it was listed along with the other ’ socialist ' states in the traditional may day slogans .

Henceforth , inner cities would have first place .
[from now on] , inner cities would have first place .

Henceforth , the quality of his engraving established new standards and a new style , with his effective , starkly beautiful , plain design being widely adopted .
[from now on] , the quality of his engraving established new standards and a new style , with his effective , starkly beautiful , plain design being widely adopted .

Henceforth his considerable services to the Crown were partly military but mainly diplomatic .
[from now on] his considerable services to the crown were partly military but mainly diplomatic .

Henceforth , the sheer variety of his cartographic output was impressive .
[from now on] , the sheer variety of his cartographic output was impressive .

, then permanent under-secretary at the Home Office , indicates that he already enjoyed the trust of the home departments he would henceforth be serving .
, then permanent under-secretary at the home office , indicates that he already enjoyed the trust of the home departments he would [from now on] be serving .

Because her public reputation was already established , she kept her own name , henceforth being addressed as Mrs Fenwick Miller .
because her public reputation was already established , she kept her own name , [from now on] being addressed as mrs fenwick miller .

He evidently resented the fact that the name ‘ diesel ’ had come to be applied to virtually every type of oil engine , hot-bulb ( ignition ) as well as compression-ignition , and in 1923 he asked the Institution to declare that henceforth the word ‘ diesel ’ should only be used to describe oil engines operating on the compression-ignition principle , hot-bulb engines to be known as ‘ akroyds ’ .
he evidently resented the fact that the name ‘ diesel ’ had come to be applied to virtually every type of oil engine , hot-bulb ( ignition ) as well as compression-ignition , and in 1923 he asked the institution to declare that [from now on] the word ‘ diesel ’ should only be used to describe oil engines operating on the compression-ignition principle , hot-bulb engines to be known as ‘ akroyds ’ .

On release she went to the mayor and so powerful were her reproaches that he ‘ acknowledged the truth of her doctrine ’ and henceforth attempted to protect Quakers .
on release she went to the mayor and so powerful were her reproaches that he ‘ acknowledged the truth of her doctrine ’ and [from now on] attempted to protect quakers .

After this Firbank resumed his nomadism , and the settings of his books , too , were henceforth to be fantastic versions of foreign places : Vienna , Havana , Seville .
after this firbank resumed his nomadism , and the settings of his books , too , were [from now on] to be fantastic versions of foreign places : vienna , havana , seville .

Henceforth he was known in Irish nationalist circles as ‘ Major John MacBride ’ .
[from now on] he was known in irish nationalist circles as ‘ major john macbride ’ .

They may be less inclined henceforth to do so .
they may be less inclined [from now on] to do so .

All new school buildings in northern China , where the weather is cold and bright , will henceforth have built-in solar energy installations .
all new school buildings in northern china , where the weather is cold and bright , will [from now on] have built-in solar energy installations .

The tendency of a work to deprave or corrupt its readers was henceforth to be judged in the light of its total impact , rather than by the arousing potential of `` purple passages `` .
the tendency of a work to deprave or corrupt its readers was [from now on] to be judged in the light of its total impact , rather than by the arousing potential of `` purple passages `` .

The major , striking and henceforth continuous improvement in these conditions only began to occur after the end of our period .
the major , striking and [from now on] continuous improvement in these conditions only began to occur after the end of our period .

Henceforth the whole cosmos or at least the whole solar system must be conceived as a process of constant historical change .
[from now on] the whole cosmos or at least the whole solar system must be conceived as a process of constant historical change .

An Act of Parliament abolished the very surname and ordained that the property outside Perth should henceforth be called Huntingtower .
an act of parliament abolished the very surname and ordained that the property outside perth should [from now on] be called huntingtower .

Soon he was joined by other Europeans and henceforth it became a common sight to see one or other of the ladies or gentlemen of the `` confident `` party slapping away at the trough where once the dhobi had slapped ( for on the day after the Collector 's appearance the dhobi had vanished from the enclave , either because he considered it too dangerous to remain any longer now that the commander of the garrison had assumed the caste of dhobi or , more likely , because he resented the competition ) .
soon he was joined by other europeans and [from now on] it became a common sight to see one or other of the ladies or gentlemen of the `` confident `` party slapping away at the trough where once the dhobi had slapped ( for on the day after the collector 's appearance the dhobi had vanished from the enclave , either because he considered it too dangerous to remain any longer now that the commander of the garrison had assumed the caste of dhobi or , more likely , because he resented the competition ) .

Work of the kind published in the Review of English Studies ( henceforth Review ) is more indicative of inter-war activities and attitudes than are the policies of the English Association , or indeed the Scrutiny movement .
work of the kind published in the review of english studies ( [from now on] review ) is more indicative of inter-war activities and attitudes than are the policies of the english association , or indeed the scrutiny movement .

English was , as it were , placed fully in the hands of the critic rather than the author , and the author would henceforth be admitted to the pantheon only on condition of a complete and `` first-hand `` revaluation .
english was , as it were , placed fully in the hands of the critic rather than the author , and the author would [from now on] be admitted to the pantheon only on condition of a complete and `` first-hand `` revaluation .

Leavis himself is by now reduced to an expression of gratitude for the letters page of The Times in `` the world of triumphant modernity , the world of power centres from which the quantity-addicted machinery of civilization is controlled , directed and exploited `` and in which `` literature in the old sense has ceased to matter `` Henceforth the conception of English as a central force for sustaining the national cultural `` heritage `` would become largely the property of the right .
leavis himself is by now reduced to an expression of gratitude for the letters page of the times in `` the world of triumphant modernity , the world of power centres from which the quantity-addicted machinery of civilization is controlled , directed and exploited `` and in which `` literature in the old sense has ceased to matter `` [from now on] the conception of english as a central force for sustaining the national cultural `` heritage `` would become largely the property of the right .

No longer were we ‘ engagé volontaires ’ , who could be treated as nothings — we had proved ourselves to the instructors on our course , and henceforth they would treat us as legionnaires and expect us to behave as such .
no longer were we ‘ engagé volontaires ’ , who could be treated as nothings — we had proved ourselves to the instructors on our course , and [from now on] they would treat us as legionnaires and expect us to behave as such .

Vogel 's book entitled Japan As Number One ( 1979 ) is the epitome of this trend , as he sets a scenario in which he not only predicts that the Japanese economy will be the biggest in the world before the end of the century , but also that Japanese society should henceforth be the model for post-industrial societies .
vogel 's book entitled japan as number one ( 1979 ) is the epitome of this trend , as he sets a scenario in which he not only predicts that the japanese economy will be the biggest in the world before the end of the century , but also that japanese society should [from now on] be the model for post-industrial societies .

Lord Denning , in an obiter statement made prior to the passing of the 1972 Act , suggested that if we joined the community our sovereignty `` would henceforth be limited … it would not be ours alone but would be shared with others . ``
lord denning , in an obiter statement made prior to the passing of the 1972 act , suggested that if we joined the community our sovereignty `` would [from now on] be limited … it would not be ours alone but would be shared with others . ``

Henceforth gods might be depicted in theriomorphic or animal form , in anthropomorphic or human form , or in a therianthropic or hybrid form with human body and animal head .
[from now on] gods might be depicted in theriomorphic or animal form , in anthropomorphic or human form , or in a therianthropic or hybrid form with human body and animal head .

Hathor 's drunkenness was clearly beneficial to men and Re ordered that henceforth festivals honouring Hathor should include drink , an appropriate provision for a goddess usually presiding over music , dancing and love .
hathor 's drunkenness was clearly beneficial to men and re ordered that [from now on] festivals honouring hathor should include drink , an appropriate provision for a goddess usually presiding over music , dancing and love .

The dead king was identified with Osiris , but each individual who hoped for eternal resurrection was henceforth identified with Osiris and might place the title `` the Osiris `` in front of his or her name in funerary inscriptions .
the dead king was identified with osiris , but each individual who hoped for eternal resurrection was [from now on] identified with osiris and might place the title `` the osiris `` in front of his or her name in funerary inscriptions .

Henceforth the ‘ unit of assessment ’ became the individual or a married couple , and any dependent children living with them .
[from now on] the ‘ unit of assessment ’ became the individual or a married couple , and any dependent children living with them .

Henceforth no questions should be asked about sleeping arrangements or sexual behaviour .
[from now on] no questions should be asked about sleeping arrangements or sexual behaviour .

Henceforth every night to sit
[from now on] every night to sit

The system was improved in 1597 , when ministers and churchwardens were instructed henceforth to keep their records in a bound register and to copy out surviving documents at least as far back as 1558 , when Elizabeth came to the throne .
the system was improved in 1597 , when ministers and churchwardens were instructed [from now on] to keep their records in a bound register and to copy out surviving documents at least as far back as 1558 , when elizabeth came to the throne .

In an attempt to " depoliticize " the role of the police , de Klerk on Jan. 17 , 1990 , told 500 police in Pretoria that the government would " stop asking you to fight in the front trenches in political battles " , and said that henceforth police would " not be required to prevent people from marching to gain support for their views " ; instead police should concentrate on combating crime .
in an attempt to " depoliticize " the role of the police , de klerk on jan. 17 , 1990 , told 500 police in pretoria that the government would " stop asking you to fight in the front trenches in political battles " , and said that [from now on] police would " not be required to prevent people from marching to gain support for their views " ; instead police should concentrate on combating crime .

Henceforth private investment in the development of the non-petroleum manufacturing sector was to be encouraged in an attempt to absorb Indonesia 's rapidly expanding labour force ( growing by approximately 2,000,000 annually ) .
[from now on] private investment in the development of the non-petroleum manufacturing sector was to be encouraged in an attempt to absorb indonesia 's rapidly expanding labour force ( growing by approximately 2,000,000 annually ) .

The September reforms came shortly before Özal 's announcement to the European Parliament in Strasbourg on Sept. 27 that Turkey would henceforth accept the jurisdiction of the European Court of Human Rights .
the september reforms came shortly before özal 's announcement to the european parliament in strasbourg on sept. 27 that turkey would [from now on] accept the jurisdiction of the european court of human rights .

In July 1986 the Amir dissolved the country 's legislature , the National Assembly , after it had repeatedly criticized the government , and announced that henceforth he would rule by decree .
in july 1986 the amir dissolved the country 's legislature , the national assembly , after it had repeatedly criticized the government , and announced that [from now on] he would rule by decree .

Entrants were henceforth required to prove either that they had enough currency for a temporary stay , or a visa for another country .
entrants were [from now on] required to prove either that they had enough currency for a temporary stay , or a visa for another country .

Unarmed service would also be officially allowed henceforth on conscientious grounds .
unarmed service would also be officially allowed [from now on] on conscientious grounds .

In acknowledgement of the urgent need for reform in this area , de Klerk proposed initially that henceforth : ( i ) the death penalty would be limited as an option of sentence to extreme cases , and the area of judicial discretion in the imposition of sentence would be broadened ( currently the death sentence was mandatory for certain crimes ) ; ( ii ) all those sentenced to death would be granted automatic right of appeal — up till now there had been no appeal against this sentence ; ( iii ) no further executions would be carried out until Parliament had decided on the proposals .
in acknowledgement of the urgent need for reform in this area , de klerk proposed initially that [from now on] : ( i ) the death penalty would be limited as an option of sentence to extreme cases , and the area of judicial discretion in the imposition of sentence would be broadened ( currently the death sentence was mandatory for certain crimes ) ; ( ii ) all those sentenced to death would be granted automatic right of appeal — up till now there had been no appeal against this sentence ; ( iii ) no further executions would be carried out until parliament had decided on the proposals .

The decisions included a declaration that the Constitution was `` null and void `` and that existing state institutions were henceforth suspended .
the decisions included a declaration that the constitution was `` null and void `` and that existing state institutions were [from now on] suspended .

On May 27 , 1989 , the government announced that the name of the country , which had been changed in October 1988 from the Socialist Republic of Myanma to the Union of Myanma , was henceforth to be rendered in its vernacular form of Myanma Naingngan ( Union of Myanma ) for all official purposes [ see p. 36867 , where the date is wrongly given as June 18 ] .
on may 27 , 1989 , the government announced that the name of the country , which had been changed in october 1988 from the socialist republic of myanma to the union of myanma , was [from now on] to be rendered in its vernacular form of myanma naingngan ( union of myanma ) for all official purposes [ see p. 36867 , where the date is wrongly given as june 18 ] .

The web of diplomatic contacts which had developed in western and central Europe over the last 200 or more years was now being extended further east by the full incorporation in it for the first time of the great new emerging state of Russia : henceforth events in eastern Europe were to be far more significant in the calculations of statesmen in the west than ever in the past .
the web of diplomatic contacts which had developed in western and central europe over the last 200 or more years was now being extended further east by the full incorporation in it for the first time of the great new emerging state of russia : [from now on] events in eastern europe were to be far more significant in the calculations of statesmen in the west than ever in the past .

So , henceforth , ‘ urban ’ sociology would concern itself with the provision of such collective facilities .
so , [from now on] , ‘ urban ’ sociology would concern itself with the provision of such collective facilities .

Henceforth to be foretold what shall befall
[from now on] to be foretold what shall befall

This lower bound is referred to henceforth as the LB-level .
this lower bound is referred to [from now on] as the lb-level .

In the second edition Dewey announced that henceforth the structure of the scheme would not be fundamentally changed .
in the second edition dewey announced that [from now on] the structure of the scheme would not be fundamentally changed .

Friend suggest to Monsieur Napoleon Delors — who today , rather than showing humility , seems to be showing his customary arrogance — that , henceforth , 2 June ( the day of the Danish vote ) should be a public holiday throughout Europe , to be known as the day of the people , the day of democracy or , even better , the day of the nation state ?
friend suggest to monsieur napoleon delors — who today , rather than showing humility , seems to be showing his customary arrogance — that , [from now on] , 2 june ( the day of the danish vote ) should be a public holiday throughout europe , to be known as the day of the people , the day of democracy or , even better , the day of the nation state ?

Henceforth , we shall concentrate on Model 1 results .
[from now on] , we shall concentrate on model 1 results .

Henceforth any reference to ‘ banks ’ is a reference to ‘ institutions comprising the monetary sector ’ unless explicitly stated otherwise .
[from now on] any reference to ‘ banks ’ is a reference to ‘ institutions comprising the monetary sector ’ unless explicitly stated otherwise .

Henceforth each successive royal election provoked party conflicts and personal intrigues which often led to civil war , as well as pressure and even forcible intervention from abroad on behalf of competing candidates .
[from now on] each successive royal election provoked party conflicts and personal intrigues which often led to civil war , as well as pressure and even forcible intervention from abroad on behalf of competing candidates .

On the previous day , it had been announced that Spain 's status would , henceforth , be `` non-belligerent `` rather than neutral .
on the previous day , it had been announced that spain 's status would , [from now on] , be `` non-belligerent `` rather than neutral .

The substitution of the term `` information `` for the old `` press and propaganda `` , and its promotion to ministerial level seemed to indicate a more wide-ranging approach to questions of what the general public might know and think of the regime ; while the allocation of official attention to tourism suggested that , by contrast with the days of autarchy and isolationism , foreigners were henceforth to be encouraged to come to Spain .
the substitution of the term `` information `` for the old `` press and propaganda `` , and its promotion to ministerial level seemed to indicate a more wide-ranging approach to questions of what the general public might know and think of the regime ; while the allocation of official attention to tourism suggested that , by contrast with the days of autarchy and isolationism , foreigners were [from now on] to be encouraged to come to spain .

Henceforth , it was to be known as `` el Valle de los Caídos `` — the Valley of the Fallen .
[from now on] , it was to be known as `` el valle de los caídos `` — the valley of the fallen .

It was still implied that , without him , there was a danger that the political disorder of the past might return , but the emphasis would , henceforth , be much more on what people stood to lose in material terms if the system which provided those benefits were substantially changed .
it was still implied that , without him , there was a danger that the political disorder of the past might return , but the emphasis would , [from now on] , be much more on what people stood to lose in material terms if the system which provided those benefits were substantially changed .

In the general improvement of the clergy , canon 18 of the Fourth Lateran Council declared that henceforth clergy were not to take part in the pronouncement of the death penalty , to fight or duel , or to perform surgery which involved cutting or burning .
in the general improvement of the clergy , canon 18 of the fourth lateran council declared that [from now on] clergy were not to take part in the pronouncement of the death penalty , to fight or duel , or to perform surgery which involved cutting or burning .

Maintenance of order would henceforth be the responsibility of the Interior Ministry and the police .
maintenance of order would [from now on] be the responsibility of the interior ministry and the police .

The official Tass news agency announced on Jan. 1 that Soviet troops would henceforth only serve in the Transcaucasus on a voluntary basis .
the official tass news agency announced on jan. 1 that soviet troops would [from now on] only serve in the transcaucasus on a voluntary basis .

At a congress on May 26 , 1990 , the Left Party-Communists ( Vänsterpartiet Kommunisterna — VpK ) voted by 136 votes to 133 to drop the word communist from its name ; it would henceforth be known as the Left Party .
at a congress on may 26 , 1990 , the left party-communists ( vänsterpartiet kommunisterna — vpk ) voted by 136 votes to 133 to drop the word communist from its name ; it would [from now on] be known as the left party .

The authorities would also extend the use of deportation for alleged activists ; Israeli radio reported on March 31 that the authorities would henceforth `` expel inciters in places from where murderers , stabbers and others set out `` .
the authorities would also extend the use of deportation for alleged activists ; israeli radio reported on march 31 that the authorities would [from now on] `` expel inciters in places from where murderers , stabbers and others set out `` .

Henceforth it would be governed by an Azerbaijani National Unity Council .
[from now on] it would be governed by an azerbaijani national unity council .

The Soviet Union announced on Nov. 5 that it would henceforth drop all its objections to `` familiarization `` overflights of its territory by Western surveillance aircraft conducting inspections in accordance with international disarmament agreements .
the soviet union announced on nov. 5 that it would [from now on] drop all its objections to `` familiarization `` overflights of its territory by western surveillance aircraft conducting inspections in accordance with international disarmament agreements .

It declared that `` the era of confrontation and division of Europe has ended `` and that henceforth signatories would conduct their relations with one another on the basis of `` respect and co-operation `` .
it declared that `` the era of confrontation and division of europe has ended `` and that [from now on] signatories would conduct their relations with one another on the basis of `` respect and co-operation `` .

The President and the Assembly of the Republic ( formerly the National Assembly ) were henceforth to be elected directly by universal suffrage and secret ballot .
the president and the assembly of the republic ( formerly the national assembly ) were [from now on] to be elected directly by universal suffrage and secret ballot .

Henceforth , no Legco member , either appointed or elected , would be permitted to sit on Exco , the body which served as a quasi-Cabinet .
[from now on] , no legco member , either appointed or elected , would be permitted to sit on exco , the body which served as a quasi-cabinet .

This seems to have been the only time that the English king led his men to victory : had the negotiations which preceded his return from exile the same year included a stipulation by those who complained about his previous behaviour ( see below ) that henceforth there should be more determination in dealing with the enemy ?
this seems to have been the only time that the english king led his men to victory : had the negotiations which preceded his return from exile the same year included a stipulation by those who complained about his previous behaviour ( see below ) that [from now on] there should be more determination in dealing with the enemy ?

Here bid approaches the sense of `` command `` , but the effect is not that of ushering the infinitive event into existence as with the bare infinitive : since ( 211 ) expresses a command valid for all time henceforth ( cf .
here bid approaches the sense of `` command `` , but the effect is not that of ushering the infinitive event into existence as with the bare infinitive : since ( 211 ) expresses a command valid for all time [from now on] ( cf .

Classics `` henceforth is an isolatable , delimitable entity and classical philology a discontinuous academic subject .
classics `` [from now on] is an isolatable , delimitable entity and classical philology a discontinuous academic subject .

Deciding in his wisdom that the modern craft deserved a more streamlined collective description he decreed that henceforth the Trackers would be known as Customs Cutters , and the larger steel boats when built would be called Cruisers .
deciding in his wisdom that the modern craft deserved a more streamlined collective description he decreed that [from now on] the trackers would be known as customs cutters , and the larger steel boats when built would be called cruisers .

Therefore we command you to cause trees to be felled in that dense part , and a ride to be made to the least possible damage of the forest , so that henceforth a way through those parts may be open for travellers without danger .
therefore we command you to cause trees to be felled in that dense part , and a ride to be made to the least possible damage of the forest , so that [from now on] a way through those parts may be open for travellers without danger .

The foresters used this customary toll as a pretext for extortion : the Charter of the Forest therefore conceded in 1217 that henceforth cheminage might be exacted only by foresters of fee paying the king a farm for their bailiwicks .
the foresters used this customary toll as a pretext for extortion : the charter of the forest therefore conceded in 1217 that [from now on] cheminage might be exacted only by foresters of fee paying the king a farm for their bailiwicks .

‘ Moreover , those who carry upon their backs brushwood , bark or charcoal to sell , though that be their livelihood , shall henceforth give no cheminage .
‘ moreover , those who carry upon their backs brushwood , bark or charcoal to sell , though that be their livelihood , shall [from now on] give no cheminage .

No one was henceforth to suffer death or mutilation for taking the king 's deer : the penalties were to be limited to amercement , imprisonment or exile .
no one was [from now on] to suffer death or mutilation for taking the king 's deer : the penalties were to be limited to amercement , imprisonment or exile .

Henceforth the Justices of the Forest were for the most part great barons , who often held extensive estates in or near the forests they administered .
[from now on] the justices of the forest were for the most part great barons , who often held extensive estates in or near the forests they administered .

The deer remaining at large were removed , and on completion of the work of the Commissioners the forests were declared to be disafforested , and no one henceforth liable to pay any penalty for hunting therein , except in enclosed parks .
the deer remaining at large were removed , and on completion of the work of the commissioners the forests were declared to be disafforested , and no one [from now on] liable to pay any penalty for hunting therein , except in enclosed parks .

while the portion of the Forest at present planted under the Acts may properly be managed with a view to producing the most profitable crop of trees , the remainder of the Forest should henceforth , in the interest of the nation at large , be managed with a view to the preservation of its natural aspect and condition as a Forest of surpassing beauty and unique character .
while the portion of the forest at present planted under the acts may properly be managed with a view to producing the most profitable crop of trees , the remainder of the forest should [from now on] , in the interest of the nation at large , be managed with a view to the preservation of its natural aspect and condition as a forest of surpassing beauty and unique character .

His support of plots against Beaton in 1544 and 1545 came to fruition in May 1546 , when a group of Fifeshire lairds headed by Norman Leslie , son of the earl of Rothes , broke into the episcopal castle at St Andrews , murdered the cardinal and slung his body over the castle walls ; the murderers , henceforth known as the Castalians , barricaded themselves inside the castle , which they held as a Protestant stronghold .
his support of plots against beaton in 1544 and 1545 came to fruition in may 1546 , when a group of fifeshire lairds headed by norman leslie , son of the earl of rothes , broke into the episcopal castle at st andrews , murdered the cardinal and slung his body over the castle walls ; the murderers , [from now on] known as the castalians , barricaded themselves inside the castle , which they held as a protestant stronghold .

In February 1931 Telford bought a half-share in the horse shortly before his lease ran out , and henceforth Phar Lap was the joint property of Davis and Telford .
in february 1931 telford bought a half-share in the horse shortly before his lease ran out , and [from now on] phar lap was the joint property of davis and telford .

It is conceivable that if an agreement had been signed and if henceforth Anglo-American relations had been bathed in sweetness and light , arrangements might have been made for pooling atomic weapons production .
it is conceivable that if an agreement had been signed and if [from now on] anglo-american relations had been bathed in sweetness and light , arrangements might have been made for pooling atomic weapons production .

Their differences are henceforth to take second place to the fight against Mr Hussein 's regime .
their differences are [from now on] to take second place to the fight against mr hussein 's regime .

In the name of a claimed desire to simplify current spelling and remove anomalies and contradictions , it is now decreed , for example , that plurals of all foreign words will henceforth take an s , as in French .
in the name of a claimed desire to simplify current spelling and remove anomalies and contradictions , it is now decreed , for example , that plurals of all foreign words will [from now on] take an s , as in french .

So if you want to invite the schoolmaster to taste some expensive oysters in August , you will henceforth have to invite the rather naked-looking maitre à gouter des huitres couteuses en aout .
so if you want to invite the schoolmaster to taste some expensive oysters in august , you will [from now on] have to invite the rather naked-looking maitre à gouter des huitres couteuses en aout .

All compound words will henceforth take an s ( or x , as appropriate ) in the plural .
all compound words will [from now on] take an s ( or x , as appropriate ) in the plural .

In the name , once more , of consistency , all verbs ending in eler or eter will henceforth follow the pattern of the verbs peler and acheter , always taking an accent as they decline , instead of sometimes doubling their last consonant .
in the name , once more , of consistency , all verbs ending in eler or eter will [from now on] follow the pattern of the verbs peler and acheter , always taking an accent as they decline , instead of sometimes doubling their last consonant .

Anyway , with the Soviet threat on the wane and the Europeans proposing to take on more of the burden that is left , the cost to the United States of staying on in Europe will henceforth be smaller .
anyway , with the soviet threat on the wane and the europeans proposing to take on more of the burden that is left , the cost to the united states of staying on in europe will [from now on] be smaller .

Mr Urbanec , who is to hold further talks with Mr Havel today — this time in front of television cameras — conceded that the party realised it was held in deep mistrust by the public , and accepted that henceforth it could only be part of the political spectrum .
mr urbanec , who is to hold further talks with mr havel today — this time in front of television cameras — conceded that the party realised it was held in deep mistrust by the public , and accepted that [from now on] it could only be part of the political spectrum .

This avenging boar , the agent of the insulted goddess , is henceforth identified with the destructive forces that produce tragedy .
this avenging boar , the agent of the insulted goddess , is [from now on] identified with the destructive forces that produce tragedy .

In discussing this mention the kinds of unacceptable time wasters that , henceforth , you will be resisting .
in discussing this mention the kinds of unacceptable time wasters that , [from now on] , you will be resisting .

This babble shall not henceforth trouble me .
this babble shall not [from now on] trouble me .

He keeps his feet henceforth on the blessed path of humility .
he keeps his feet [from now on] on the blessed path of humility .

The innovation of Private Eye ensured that deference , if not quite dead , would henceforth have a hard time .
the innovation of private eye ensured that deference , if not quite dead , would [from now on] have a hard time .

Henceforth , the Labour party ( or some parts of it ) would be less concerned with nationalization and more preoccupied with the reshaping of society and the improvement of the quality of life .
[from now on] , the labour party ( or some parts of it ) would be less concerned with nationalization and more preoccupied with the reshaping of society and the improvement of the quality of life .

The 1962 Commonwealth Immigrants Act changed this , and only those born in Britain were henceforth automatically given the right of abode .
the 1962 commonwealth immigrants act changed this , and only those born in britain were [from now on] automatically given the right of abode .

He expected him henceforth to be both a Congregationalist and an Anglican .
he expected him [from now on] to be both a congregationalist and an anglican .

He drew up an agreement in two copies , setting out the terms in ponderous detail : ‘ … referred to henceforth as ‘ the colony ' ’ … which wheels shall be considered as handed over to the Economic Section of the Provincial Workers ' and Peasants ' Inspection after their reception by a special commission and the signing of the corresponding protocol .
he drew up an agreement in two copies , setting out the terms in ponderous detail : ‘ … referred to [from now on] as ‘ the colony ' ’ … which wheels shall be considered as handed over to the economic section of the provincial workers ' and peasants ' inspection after their reception by a special commission and the signing of the corresponding protocol .

Private journals continued to burgeon , as will be seen in Chapter 6 , but the state press could henceforth stand better on its own feet financially .
private journals continued to burgeon , as will be seen in chapter 6 , but the state press could [from now on] stand better on its own feet financially .

On the Passage of a Few People Through a Brief Moment in Time ( henceforth ‘ the Boston text ' ) is a film title used by Guy Debord in 1959 .
on the passage of a few people through a brief moment in time ( [from now on] ‘ the boston text ' ) is a film title used by guy debord in 1959 .

Henceforth unions could be fined very heavily for conducting what were deemed to be unlawful strikes : several of them were to suffer accordingly , starting with the National Graphical Association .
[from now on] unions could be fined very heavily for conducting what were deemed to be unlawful strikes : several of them were to suffer accordingly , starting with the national graphical association .

Henceforth the old spectacle of brokers milling around on the Stock Exchange floor was replaced by silent , almost invisible , computerized networks for dealers , reflecting the new internationalism of the stock market .
[from now on] the old spectacle of brokers milling around on the stock exchange floor was replaced by silent , almost invisible , computerized networks for dealers , reflecting the new internationalism of the stock market .

For he hath regarded the low estate of his handmaiden , for behold , from henceforth all generations shall call me blessed .
for he hath regarded the low estate of his handmaiden , for behold , from [from now on] all generations shall call me blessed .

Henceforth probation work will no longer be an alternative to punishment but an alternative form of punishment .
[from now on] probation work will no longer be an alternative to punishment but an alternative form of punishment .

This massive forced deportation concluded Charles ' conquest of Saxony , for as a chronicler records ‘ henceforth they abandoned worship of evil spirits , and gave up the wicked customs of their forefathers , received the sacrament of Christian baptism , mingling with the Franks until at last they were reckoned as one race … ’
this massive forced deportation concluded charles ' conquest of saxony , for as a chronicler records ‘ [from now on] they abandoned worship of evil spirits , and gave up the wicked customs of their forefathers , received the sacrament of christian baptism , mingling with the franks until at last they were reckoned as one race … ’

It meant that those figures were properly housed , but it was also a clear sign that the defeated gods were henceforth under the authority of their own gods , and the defeated people under their thumb .
it meant that those figures were properly housed , but it was also a clear sign that the defeated gods were [from now on] under the authority of their own gods , and the defeated people under their thumb .

Henceforth they were denied access to active participation in the public cult and ( by implication of the biblical text which concentrated upon male activity ) deemed exempt from the obligation to fulfil many of the commandments — a loaded exemption given the fact that Judaism by this time was already very much a religion of performance , moving towards being a religion dominated by a plethora of commandments governing virtually every aspect of daily existence .
[from now on] they were denied access to active participation in the public cult and ( by implication of the biblical text which concentrated upon male activity ) deemed exempt from the obligation to fulfil many of the commandments — a loaded exemption given the fact that judaism by this time was already very much a religion of performance , moving towards being a religion dominated by a plethora of commandments governing virtually every aspect of daily existence .

Henceforth , and unlike the earlier period , this was to be the dominant aspect of the rite .
[from now on] , and unlike the earlier period , this was to be the dominant aspect of the rite .

The concentration of blast furnaces at a smaller number of plants meant that the rolling mills at Corby and Shotton , for example , would henceforth receive their raw steel from other parts of the country .
the concentration of blast furnaces at a smaller number of plants meant that the rolling mills at corby and shotton , for example , would [from now on] receive their raw steel from other parts of the country .

Henceforth the Painswick cloth mills gradually closed in the face of competition .
[from now on] the painswick cloth mills gradually closed in the face of competition .

Henceforth shall Daphne only live for you ;
[from now on] shall daphne only live for you ;

Henceforth , as a result of the Prince 's action at Strasbourg , this cosy doctrine was threatened by a recrudescence of popular Bonapartism in which the key figure was not the dead Napoleon but the living Louis-Napoleon , who was offering a political alternative to the existing system .
[from now on] , as a result of the prince 's action at strasbourg , this cosy doctrine was threatened by a recrudescence of popular bonapartism in which the key figure was not the dead napoleon but the living louis-napoleon , who was offering a political alternative to the existing system .

This increased the dislike felt by the Prince for the Empress , a dislike which envenomed personal and also political relationships , for Prince Napoleon seemed henceforth to take a delight in publicly opposing the Emperor 's policies and in quarrelling with the Empress .
this increased the dislike felt by the prince for the empress , a dislike which envenomed personal and also political relationships , for prince napoleon seemed [from now on] to take a delight in publicly opposing the emperor 's policies and in quarrelling with the empress .

Henceforth , the many thousands of Arabs who fled — like the few thousand who stayed and like the inhabitants of Jerusalem and the West Bank that would shortly be annexed by Jordan — would call themselves Palestinians .
[from now on] , the many thousands of arabs who fled — like the few thousand who stayed and like the inhabitants of jerusalem and the west bank that would shortly be annexed by jordan — would call themselves palestinians .

Henceforth , his decision will settle for them what to do .
[from now on] , his decision will settle for them what to do .

The War heralded ‘ the collapse of the national State as an independent economic unit ’ ; henceforth , the nation would be only ‘ a cultural , ideological and psychological fact ’ .
the war heralded ‘ the collapse of the national state as an independent economic unit ’ ; [from now on] , the nation would be only ‘ a cultural , ideological and psychological fact ’ .

So the board master and the proprietor , ‘ sitting in solemn conclave ’ , decreed that , ‘ henceforth and forevermore , the loch shall be known as Yeoman 's Loch ’ .
so the board master and the proprietor , ‘ sitting in solemn conclave ’ , decreed that , ‘ [from now on] and forevermore , the loch shall be known as yeoman 's loch ’ .

’ Hawaiians would henceforth cover their shame , refrain from exhibitions of public indecency on the beach , and put aside their boards .
’ hawaiians would [from now on] cover their shame , refrain from exhibitions of public indecency on the beach , and put aside their boards .

This is the county boundary , new since a revision in 1974 when the valleys of Garsdale and Dentdale , hitherto giving allegiance to Yorkshire , were decreed to be henceforth attached to the new county of Cumbria .
this is the county boundary , new since a revision in 1974 when the valleys of garsdale and dentdale , hitherto giving allegiance to yorkshire , were decreed to be [from now on] attached to the new county of cumbria .

’ Henceforth , the English Churches were to have the advantages of the unity and discipline that the Church of Rome had inherited from the Empire .
’ [from now on] , the english churches were to have the advantages of the unity and discipline that the church of rome had inherited from the empire .

Henceforth , the embryo is referred to as a fetus .
[from now on] , the embryo is referred to as a fetus .

One variable , ontological sameness , holds that plural pronominal reference becomes possible when two mentioned individuals ( henceforth ‘ atomic individuals ’ ) are of the same ontological type ( Herweg 1988 ) .
one variable , ontological sameness , holds that plural pronominal reference becomes possible when two mentioned individuals ( [from now on] ‘ atomic individuals ’ ) are of the same ontological type ( herweg 1988 ) .

And far away , his child would grow , in peace henceforth , with a father who would never know he was not his own , and who , with Nicholas gone , would have no reason for spleen or for bitterness .
and far away , his child would grow , in peace [from now on] , with a father who would never know he was not his own , and who , with nicholas gone , would have no reason for spleen or for bitterness .

In that event , the ambassadors stipulated that Famagusta would be governed henceforth by James of Lusignan and his Christian lieutenants , and not by Mamelukes , Moors or other infidels , who were to have no authority over Famagustans .
in that event , the ambassadors stipulated that famagusta would be governed [from now on] by james of lusignan and his christian lieutenants , and not by mamelukes , moors or other infidels , who were to have no authority over famagustans .

Henceforth all traffic was routed down the main line .
[from now on] all traffic was routed down the main line .

Whilst studying at the College , Frank was instrumental in bringing an unconscious man round , and was henceforth known to his fellow-students as ‘ the doctor ’ , and every day thereafter had some ‘ visits ’ to make .
whilst studying at the college , frank was instrumental in bringing an unconscious man round , and was [from now on] known to his fellow-students as ‘ the doctor ’ , and every day thereafter had some ‘ visits ’ to make .

Henceforth , senators would have to be elected not by state legislatures but directly by the people .
[from now on] , senators would have to be elected not by state legislatures but directly by the people .

Unfortunately for the Spanish , the British captured Jamaica in 1655 and henceforth gave the settlement the rather unimaginative name “ Spanish Town .
unfortunately for the spanish , the british captured jamaica in 1655 and [from now on] gave the settlement the rather unimaginative name “ spanish town .

Henceforth Fort-de-France would be the island ’ s only significant center and the largest city in the French Antilles .
[from now on] fort-de-france would be the island ’ s only significant center and the largest city in the french antilles .

Henceforth he became known as “ Fatih ” ( Conqueror ) , and his newly won capital city was renamed Istanbul .
[from now on] he became known as “ fatih ” ( conqueror ) , and his newly won capital city was renamed istanbul .

Henceforth , national unity always played second fiddle to ethnic , religious , and above all economic regional interests .
[from now on] , national unity always played second fiddle to ethnic , religious , and above all economic regional interests .

Henceforth , the term `` program '' will be used in this document to include government entities , services , and activities .
[from now on] , the term `` program '' will be used in this document to include government entities , services , and activities .

According to the Post , the administration 's big Iraq policy shift is that henceforth , it will not view action by or relating to the U.N. 's weapons inspectors , nor approval by the U.N. Security Council or any of the Allies , as required for the U.S. use of force .
according to the post , the administration 's big iraq policy shift is that [from now on] , it will not view action by or relating to the u.n. 's weapons inspectors , nor approval by the u.n. security council or any of the allies , as required for the u.s. use of force .

Henceforth , a man who had the gall to pose as his nation 's savior will take his place alongside Caligula and Idi Amin . ''
[from now on] , a man who had the gall to pose as his nation 's savior will take his place alongside caligula and idi amin . ''

When the new system was announced in July 1998 , Cinquanta rejoiced that the problem was solved , so that henceforth `` if you are in front of me , you will remain in front of me . ''
when the new system was announced in july 1998 , cinquanta rejoiced that the problem was solved , so that [from now on] `` if you are in front of me , you will remain in front of me . ''

A furious Robertson , blaming flighty European investors for aggravating the problem , announced that henceforth the privilege of quarterly withdrawals would be revoked .
a furious robertson , blaming flighty european investors for aggravating the problem , announced that [from now on] the privilege of quarterly withdrawals would be revoked .

Safe navigation between ships is based upon simple mathematics ... add the vectors representing each ship 's course and speed to determine if we are trying to occupy the same piece of ocean ; henceforth known as a collision .
safe navigation between ships is based upon simple mathematics ... add the vectors representing each ship 's course and speed to determine if we are trying to occupy the same piece of ocean ; [from now on] known as a collision .

This ends the plausibility of a monetary settlement , because henceforth Clinton will have to pay out of his own pocket , something his lawyer says he wo n't do .
this ends the plausibility of a monetary settlement , because [from now on] clinton will have to pay out of his own pocket , something his lawyer says he wo n't do .

Krugman 's column will henceforth be known as `` The Dismal Science , '' a phrase too famous to be ownable by anyone , except possibly British essayist Thomas Carlyle ( 1795-1881 ) , who coined it .
krugman 's column will [from now on] be known as `` the dismal science , '' a phrase too famous to be ownable by anyone , except possibly british essayist thomas carlyle ( 1795-1881 ) , who coined it .

Henceforth , this column will refer to the show as This Week until either Donaldson or Roberts wins top billing .
[from now on] , this column will refer to the show as this week until either donaldson or roberts wins top billing .

The LAT is likewise consoling elsewhere in its reporting , quoting three experts to the effect that India and Pakistan may not henceforth feel the need to match each other weapon for weapon .
the lat is likewise consoling elsewhere in its reporting , quoting three experts to the effect that india and pakistan may not [from now on] feel the need to match each other weapon for weapon .

True , the goods that New York ships to the rest of the world would be struck off the export tally , while the goods the city ships to the rest of the United States would henceforth count as U.S. imports .
true , the goods that new york ships to the rest of the world would be struck off the export tally , while the goods the city ships to the rest of the united states would [from now on] count as u.s. imports .

Henceforth , as Tucker sees it , Monet searched for a more private and less jingoistic tie to the French landscape and discovered it in the multiple layers of his own water garden .
[from now on] , as tucker sees it , monet searched for a more private and less jingoistic tie to the french landscape and discovered it in the multiple layers of his own water garden .

Henceforth , Louisianians will be able to choose between two prefabricated contracts , each with very different provisions for divorce .
[from now on] , louisianians will be able to choose between two prefabricated contracts , each with very different provisions for divorce .

Glassman and Hassett ( henceforth , `` Glassman '' ) remain unbowed .
glassman and hassett ( [from now on] , `` glassman '' ) remain unbowed .

Henceforth , said Cohen , `` the State Department will report to the intelligence community whenever foreign embassies move . ''
[from now on] , said cohen , `` the state department will report to the intelligence community whenever foreign embassies move . ''

With that in mind , Chatterbox hereby inaugurates the Intellectual Dishonesty ( henceforth to be known as the Indis ) Index .
with that in mind , chatterbox hereby inaugurates the intellectual dishonesty ( [from now on] to be known as the indis ) index .

Henceforth , reports the Times , the company promises to disclose when publishers pay it to feature specific books .
[from now on] , reports the times , the company promises to disclose when publishers pay it to feature specific books .

As the papers explain , although actual euro notes and coins will not circulate until Jan. 1 , 2002 ( at which time national currencies will begin phasing out ) , the banks and stock exchanges of the 11 partners are henceforth required to carry out all non-cash transactions in euros .
as the papers explain , although actual euro notes and coins will not circulate until jan. 1 , 2002 ( at which time national currencies will begin phasing out ) , the banks and stock exchanges of the 11 partners are [from now on] required to carry out all non-cash transactions in euros .

Henceforth , headquarters are off-limits to Furbys .
[from now on] , headquarters are off-limits to furbys .

Now to Him that giveth and taketh away and doeth exceeding great good to all that loveth Him and doeth his will willy-nilly , may the words of my mouth and the meditations of mine heart be acceptable to all of you and to both of you this day and henceforth forever , Amen .
now to him that giveth and taketh away and doeth exceeding great good to all that loveth him and doeth his will willy-nilly , may the words of my mouth and the meditations of mine heart be acceptable to all of you and to both of you this day and [from now on] forever , amen .

On the credit side two gentlemen called Hitler can now safely come out of their bunkers : they 'll be known henceforth as Hiler and at school their children may enjoy a peace that the fathers ( and I for that matter ) never knew .
on the credit side two gentlemen called hitler can now safely come out of their bunkers : they 'll be known [from now on] as hiler and at school their children may enjoy a peace that the fathers ( and i for that matter ) never knew .

In order to avoid confusion I shall henceforth spell the word without capitalization to denote the ` caste ' and with a capital to imply ` the Absolute . '
in order to avoid confusion i shall [from now on] spell the word without capitalization to denote the ` caste ' and with a capital to imply ` the absolute . '

