Subject to the limitations hereinafter provided , the Secretary of the Treasury is authorized and directed to pay , as prescribed by Section 8 of this Title , an amount not exceeding the principal of each award , plus accrued interests on such awards as bear interest , certified pursuant to Section 5 of this Title , in accordance with the award .
subject to the limitations [from this point on] provided , the secretary of the treasury is authorized and directed to pay , as prescribed by section 8 of this title , an amount not exceeding the principal of each award , plus accrued interests on such awards as bear interest , certified pursuant to section 5 of this title , in accordance with the award .

There shall be covered into the Treasury to the credit of the proper special fund all funds hereinafter specified .
there shall be covered into the treasury to the credit of the proper special fund all funds [from this point on] specified .

I have the honor to refer to the Agricultural Commodities Agreement signed today between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of India ( hereinafter referred to as the Agreement ) and , with regard to the rupees accruing to uses indicated under Article 2 , of the Agreement , to state that the understanding of the Government of the United States of America is as follows : 1 .
i have the honor to refer to the agricultural commodities agreement signed today between the government of the united states of america and the government of india ( [from this point on] referred to as the agreement ) and , with regard to the rupees accruing to uses indicated under article 2 , of the agreement , to state that the understanding of the government of the united states of america is as follows : 1 .

The rupee equivalent of $63.8 million , but not more than 5 percent of the currencies received under the Agreement will be used for loans to be made by the Export-Import Bank of Washington under Section 104 ( E ) of the Agricultural Trade Development and Assistance Act , as amended ( hereinafter referred to as the Act ) , and for administrative expenses of the Export-Import Bank of Washington in India incident thereto .
the rupee equivalent of $63.8 million , but not more than 5 percent of the currencies received under the agreement will be used for loans to be made by the export-import bank of washington under section 104 ( e ) of the agricultural trade development and assistance act , as amended ( [from this point on] referred to as the act ) , and for administrative expenses of the export-import bank of washington in india incident thereto .

Two millions were added to what had been set aside for it in Mrs. Meeker's lifetime , and the proviso made that as long as Brian Thayer continued to discharge his duties as administrator of the fund to the satisfaction of the board of trustees ( hereinafter appointed by the bank administering the estate ) he was to be retained in his present capacity at a salary commensurate with the increased responsibilities enlargement of the fund would entail .
two millions were added to what had been set aside for it in mrs. meeker's lifetime , and the proviso made that as long as brian thayer continued to discharge his duties as administrator of the fund to the satisfaction of the board of trustees ( [from this point on] appointed by the bank administering the estate ) he was to be retained in his present capacity at a salary commensurate with the increased responsibilities enlargement of the fund would entail .

It was the unfortunate Bishop of Norwich , hereinafter referred to as The Bloody Bishop , to quote Her Royal Highness , who had trouble grasping how quietly she became a hospice star .
it was the unfortunate bishop of norwich , [from this point on] referred to as the bloody bishop , to quote her royal highness , who had trouble grasping how quietly she became a hospice star .

Teaching and organ-playing gave Benjamin James ( hereinafter simply ‘ Benjamin ' for the sake of conciseness ) the wherewithal to leave one place for another if he wished to — they were skills more marketable over a wide area than those of his father , for example , who presumably relied upon local contacts and reputation in order to earn a decent living .
teaching and organ-playing gave benjamin james ( [from this point on] simply ‘ benjamin ' for the sake of conciseness ) the wherewithal to leave one place for another if he wished to — they were skills more marketable over a wide area than those of his father , for example , who presumably relied upon local contacts and reputation in order to earn a decent living .

6.1 This Agreement shall take effect on the date of signature of this Agreement and shall continue for a period of three years and from year to year thereafter until or unless terminated by either party giving to the other not less than six months ' prior written notice , subject always to prior termination as hereinafter specified .
6.1 this agreement shall take effect on the date of signature of this agreement and shall continue for a period of three years and from year to year thereafter until or unless terminated by either party giving to the other not less than six months ' prior written notice , subject always to prior termination as [from this point on] specified .

6.1 As respects all information as is directly or indirectly communicated to it by another Party ( hereinafter called the supplying Party ) under the terms of this Agreement or otherwise in connection with the Project ( including technical information or otherwise relating in any manner to the business or affairs of such other Party ) the recipient Party hereby undertakes to the supplying Party that it will until five years after Completion or abandonment of the Project treat the same as ( and use all reasonable endeavours to procure that the same be kept ) confidential and will not disclose the same to any other person without prior written consent of such other Party in each case except to the extent that it is reasonably necessary in or for the purposes of the exercise of the rights and licences granted to it pursuant to this Agreement .
6.1 as respects all information as is directly or indirectly communicated to it by another party ( [from this point on] called the supplying party ) under the terms of this agreement or otherwise in connection with the project ( including technical information or otherwise relating in any manner to the business or affairs of such other party ) the recipient party hereby undertakes to the supplying party that it will until five years after completion or abandonment of the project treat the same as ( and use all reasonable endeavours to procure that the same be kept ) confidential and will not disclose the same to any other person without prior written consent of such other party in each case except to the extent that it is reasonably necessary in or for the purposes of the exercise of the rights and licences granted to it pursuant to this agreement .

10.7.4 Each Party ( hereinafter in this Clause called the sub-licensor ) shall have the right to sub-licence a Party other than a Party to this Agreement ( hereinafter in this Clause called the sub-licensee ) to use any technical information of any Party for the purposes of the sub-licensee in like manner as specified in Clause 10.7 b subject to written consent of the Party who has generated or supplied such technical information .
10.7.4 each party ( [from this point on] in this clause called the sub-licensor ) shall have the right to sub-licence a party other than a party to this agreement ( [from this point on] in this clause called the sub-licensee ) to use any technical information of any party for the purposes of the sub-licensee in like manner as specified in clause 10.7 b subject to written consent of the party who has generated or supplied such technical information .

10.7.9 The rights granted or agreed to be granted pursuant to Clauses 10.7.2 to 10.7.4 and to the associated licences granted or agreed to be granted pursuant to Clause 10.7.6 shall be subject to the payment and other conditions set out hereinafter .
10.7.9 the rights granted or agreed to be granted pursuant to clauses 10.7.2 to 10.7.4 and to the associated licences granted or agreed to be granted pursuant to clause 10.7.6 shall be subject to the payment and other conditions set out [from this point on] .

Oxford University Press of ( hereinafter referred to as the Publisher ) of the one part
oxford university press of ( [from this point on] referred to as the publisher ) of the one part

1 The Artist accepts an engagement to appear in the video provisionally entitled Project English Video ( hereinafter referred to as the Video ) and during shooting to be available for stills photography .
1 the artist accepts an engagement to appear in the video provisionally entitled project english video ( [from this point on] referred to as the video ) and during shooting to be available for stills photography .

The Author has prepared a script ( hereinafter called ‘ the Script ’ ) at the request of the Publisher for incorporation into a video entitled ( hereinafter called ‘ the Video ’ ) to be published in two parts ( hereinafter called ‘ Cassette One ’ and ‘ Cassette Two ’ )
the author has prepared a script ( [from this point on] called ‘ the script ’ ) at the request of the publisher for incorporation into a video entitled ( [from this point on] called ‘ the video ’ ) to be published in two parts ( [from this point on] called ‘ cassette one ’ and ‘ cassette two ’ )

The Author has prepared a script ( hereinafter called ‘ the Script ’ ) at the request of the Publisher for incorporation into a video entitled Project Video 2 ( hereinafter called ‘ the Video ’ ) to be published in two parts ( hereinafter called ‘ Cassette One ’ and ‘ Cassette Two ’ )
the author has prepared a script ( [from this point on] called ‘ the script ’ ) at the request of the publisher for incorporation into a video entitled project video 2 ( [from this point on] called ‘ the video ’ ) to be published in two parts ( [from this point on] called ‘ cassette one ’ and ‘ cassette two ’ )

‘ The jurisdiction by this Act transferred to the High Court of Justice shall include ( subject to the exceptions hereinafter contained ) the jurisdiction which , at the commencement of this Act , was vested in , or capable of being exercised by , all or any one or more of the judges of the said courts , respectively , sitting in court or chambers , or elsewhere , when acting as judges or a judge , in pursuance of any statute , law , or custom , and all powers given to any such court , or to any such judges or judge , by any statute ; and also all ministerial powers , duties and authorities , incident to any and every part of the jurisdictions so transferred .
‘ the jurisdiction by this act transferred to the high court of justice shall include ( subject to the exceptions [from this point on] contained ) the jurisdiction which , at the commencement of this act , was vested in , or capable of being exercised by , all or any one or more of the judges of the said courts , respectively , sitting in court or chambers , or elsewhere , when acting as judges or a judge , in pursuance of any statute , law , or custom , and all powers given to any such court , or to any such judges or judge , by any statute ; and also all ministerial powers , duties and authorities , incident to any and every part of the jurisdictions so transferred .

‘ If , in any case not expressly provided for by this Act , a liability to any duty , or any authority or power , not incident to the administration of justice in any court , whose jurisdiction is transferred by this Act to the High Court of Justice , shall have been imposed or conferred by any statute , law , or custom upon the judges or any judge of any of such courts , save as hereinafter mentioned , every judge of the said High Court shall be capable of performing and exercising , and shall be liable to perform and empowered to exercise every such duty , authority , and power , in the same manner as if this Act had not passed , and as if he had been duly appointed the successor of a judge liable to such duty , or possessing such authority or power , before the passing of this Act . …
‘ if , in any case not expressly provided for by this act , a liability to any duty , or any authority or power , not incident to the administration of justice in any court , whose jurisdiction is transferred by this act to the high court of justice , shall have been imposed or conferred by any statute , law , or custom upon the judges or any judge of any of such courts , save as [from this point on] mentioned , every judge of the said high court shall be capable of performing and exercising , and shall be liable to perform and empowered to exercise every such duty , authority , and power , in the same manner as if this act had not passed , and as if he had been duly appointed the successor of a judge liable to such duty , or possessing such authority or power , before the passing of this act . …

of the directors are such persons ( hereinafter called ‘ a qualified company ’ ) ; and ( b ) must be beneficially owned as to at least 75 per cent .
of the directors are such persons ( [from this point on] called ‘ a qualified company ’ ) ; and ( b ) must be beneficially owned as to at least 75 per cent .

The questions were raised in proceedings brought against the Secretary of State for Transport by Factortame Ltd. and other companies incorporated under the laws of the United Kingdom , and also the directors and shareholders of those companies , most of whom are Spanish nationals ( hereinafter together referred to as ‘ the applicants in the main proceedings ’ ) .
the questions were raised in proceedings brought against the secretary of state for transport by factortame ltd. and other companies incorporated under the laws of the united kingdom , and also the directors and shareholders of those companies , most of whom are spanish nationals ( [from this point on] together referred to as ‘ the applicants in the main proceedings ’ ) .

of the directors are such persons ( hereinafter called ‘ a qualified company ’ ) ; and ( b ) must be beneficially owned as to at least 75 per cent .
of the directors are such persons ( [from this point on] called ‘ a qualified company ’ ) ; and ( b ) must be beneficially owned as to at least 75 per cent .

Reference is made to the report for the hearing for a fuller account of the facts in the proceedings before the national court , the course of the procedure and the written observations submitted to the Court of Justice , which are mentioned or discussed hereinafter only in so far as is necessary for the reasoning of the court .
reference is made to the report for the hearing for a fuller account of the facts in the proceedings before the national court , the course of the procedure and the written observations submitted to the court of justice , which are mentioned or discussed [from this point on] only in so far as is necessary for the reasoning of the court .

By the agreement , the London County Council let to one Nathan a strip of land with a frontage of 36 feet to Walworth Road , a thoroughfare in Southwark , and a depth of 25 feet at a rent of £30 per annum from 19 December 1930 ‘ until the tenancy shall be determined as hereinafter provided . ’ The only relevant proviso for determination is contained in clause 6 which reads :
by the agreement , the london county council let to one nathan a strip of land with a frontage of 36 feet to walworth road , a thoroughfare in southwark , and a depth of 25 feet at a rent of £30 per annum from 19 december 1930 ‘ until the tenancy shall be determined as [from this point on] provided . ’ the only relevant proviso for determination is contained in clause 6 which reads :

The Supplier will supply to the Company during the currency of this Agreement the products set out in Schedule 1 hereto in the form and to the specifications ( including packaging ) set out in Schedule 2 hereto ( hereinafter called the " Products " ) in accordance with the provisions hereinafter contained .
the supplier will supply to the company during the currency of this agreement the products set out in schedule 1 hereto in the form and to the specifications ( including packaging ) set out in schedule 2 hereto ( [from this point on] called the " products " ) in accordance with the provisions [from this point on] contained .

The Policyholder having made to the Corporation a written proposal and declaration which shall be the basis of this contract and having paid or agreed to pay on demand the premium stated in the Schedule the Corporation will provide insurance hereinafter contained in respect of events happening within the Territorial Limits or in the course of transit by sea or air ( including hovercraft ) between places within the Territorial Limits ( including processes of loading and unloading ) during the period of insurance stated in the Schedule or during any period for which the Corporation may accept payment for the renewal of this Policy .
the policyholder having made to the corporation a written proposal and declaration which shall be the basis of this contract and having paid or agreed to pay on demand the premium stated in the schedule the corporation will provide insurance [from this point on] contained in respect of events happening within the territorial limits or in the course of transit by sea or air ( including hovercraft ) between places within the territorial limits ( including processes of loading and unloading ) during the period of insurance stated in the schedule or during any period for which the corporation may accept payment for the renewal of this policy .

The Policyholder having made to the Corporation a written proposal and declaration which shall be the basis of this contract and having paid or agreed to pay on demand the premium stated in the Schedule the Corporation will provide insurance hereinafter contained in respect of events happening within the Territorial Limits or in the course of transit by sea or air ( including hovercraft ) between places within the Territorial Limits ( including processes of loading and unloading ) during the period of insurance stated in the Schedule or during any period for which the Corporation may accept payment for the renewal of this Policy .
the policyholder having made to the corporation a written proposal and declaration which shall be the basis of this contract and having paid or agreed to pay on demand the premium stated in the schedule the corporation will provide insurance [from this point on] contained in respect of events happening within the territorial limits or in the course of transit by sea or air ( including hovercraft ) between places within the territorial limits ( including processes of loading and unloading ) during the period of insurance stated in the schedule or during any period for which the corporation may accept payment for the renewal of this policy .

used otherwise than in accordance with the Description of Use as hereinafter defined
used otherwise than in accordance with the description of use as [from this point on] defined

Under the terms of the Treaty , the parties ‘ establish among themselves a European Union , hereinafter called ‘ the Union ’ ’ ; .
under the terms of the treaty , the parties ‘ establish among themselves a european union , [from this point on] called ‘ the union ’ ’ ; .

These arrangements are embodied in the Scheme of Conditions of Service as adopted by the Council ( hereinafter referred to as ‘ The Scheme of Conditions of Service ’ ) relating to your group as well as in other documents which are equally available to you within the Administration Unit .
these arrangements are embodied in the scheme of conditions of service as adopted by the council ( [from this point on] referred to as ‘ the scheme of conditions of service ’ ) relating to your group as well as in other documents which are equally available to you within the administration unit .

With this in view they recommended that the Golf Club be formed in conjunction with the Bondholders under such conditions as are hereinafter provided … ’ Hereafter follows the detail of the original Constitution .
with this in view they recommended that the golf club be formed in conjunction with the bondholders under such conditions as are [from this point on] provided … ’ hereafter follows the detail of the original constitution .

For the engagement of a band/group for casual arrangements The Agreement made this day — of — 19 — between — of — address — ( hereinafter called the ‘ Engager ’ ) of the one part and — of — address — ( hereinafter called the ‘ Leader ’ ) of the other part
for the engagement of a band/group for casual arrangements the agreement made this day — of — 19 — between — of — address — ( [from this point on] called the ‘ engager ’ ) of the one part and — of — address — ( [from this point on] called the ‘ leader ’ ) of the other part

We can not in justice omit to mention the establishing of the Publick Botanick Garden at Chelsea by the Worshipful Company of the Apothecaries of London , not only for the instruction of such as should be employed in the compounding of medicines , in the particular simples therein used ( which alone is a very laudable design ) but also for introducing still a greater variety of trees and plants , which although their virtues or uses are not at present known , yet may hereinafter be found of excellent use for many purposes in life .
we can not in justice omit to mention the establishing of the publick botanick garden at chelsea by the worshipful company of the apothecaries of london , not only for the instruction of such as should be employed in the compounding of medicines , in the particular simples therein used ( which alone is a very laudable design ) but also for introducing still a greater variety of trees and plants , which although their virtues or uses are not at present known , yet may [from this point on] be found of excellent use for many purposes in life .

‘ Any person who owns premises within a borough or urban district , or ‘ certain rural districts or contributory places ’ … establishes , without the consent of the local authority , any offensive trade as hereinafter defined shall be liable to a fine not exceeding £400 ’ .
‘ any person who owns premises within a borough or urban district , or ‘ certain rural districts or contributory places ’ … establishes , without the consent of the local authority , any offensive trade as [from this point on] defined shall be liable to a fine not exceeding £400 ’ .

The FY 1998 H-2A Report , U.S. Department of Labor , Division of Foreign Labor Certifications , Revised June 1999 [ hereinafter FY 1998 H-2A Report ] .
the fy 1998 h-2a report , u.s. department of labor , division of foreign labor certifications , revised june 1999 [ [from this point on] fy 1998 h-2a report ] .

N. Read , Friends of Farmworkers ) ; see also GENERAL ACCOUNTING OFFICE , H-2A AGRICULTURAL GUESTWORKERPROGRAM : CHANGES COULD BETTER IMPROVE SERVICES TOEMPLOYERS ANDBETTER PROTECT WORKERS 58 ( 1997 ) [ hereinafter GAO REPORT ] ( report number GAO/HEHS-98-20 ) .
n. read , friends of farmworkers ) ; see also general accounting office , h-2a agricultural guestworkerprogram : changes could better improve services toemployers andbetter protect workers 58 ( 1997 ) [ [from this point on] gao report ] ( report number gao/hehs-98-20 ) .

Print 1991 ) ( hereinafter 1991 HOUSE REPORT ) .
print 1991 ) ( [from this point on] 1991 house report ) .

If the prices of the basic category were regulated and precluded from going above a certain level , as might occur under a price cap arrangement , but the Postal Service were given the freedom to adjust the discount and therefore the workshare price , a natural question would concern the extent to which the Postal Service 's net income ( hereinafter often called profits ) could be changed by changing the discount , and how this change would compare with the welfare effects on mailers .
if the prices of the basic category were regulated and precluded from going above a certain level , as might occur under a price cap arrangement , but the postal service were given the freedom to adjust the discount and therefore the workshare price , a natural question would concern the extent to which the postal service 's net income ( [from this point on] often called profits ) could be changed by changing the discount , and how this change would compare with the welfare effects on mailers .

See DOJ Inspector General report , `` A Review of the FBI 's Handling of Intelligence Information Related to the September 11 Attacks '' ( hereinafter `` DOJ IG 9/11 Report '' ) , July 2 , 2004 , pp .
see doj inspector general report , `` a review of the fbi 's handling of intelligence information related to the september 11 attacks '' ( [from this point on] `` doj ig 9/11 report '' ) , july 2 , 2004 , pp .

See also DOJ report , `` Final Report of the Attorney General 's Review Team on the Handling of the Los Alamos National Laboratory Investigation '' ( hereinafter `` Bellows Report '' ) , May 2000 , appendix D. On DOJ interpretation of FISA , see DOJ memo , Dellinger to Vatis , '' Standards for Searchers Under Foreign Intelligence Act , '' Feb. 14 , 1995 ; Royce Lamberth interview ( Mar .
see also doj report , `` final report of the attorney general 's review team on the handling of the los alamos national laboratory investigation '' ( [from this point on] `` bellows report '' ) , may 2000 , appendix d. on doj interpretation of fisa , see doj memo , dellinger to vatis , '' standards for searchers under foreign intelligence act , '' feb. 14 , 1995 ; royce lamberth interview ( mar .

Lawyers ' stand-bys such as aforesaid , forthwith , hereafter , hereby , herein , hereinafter , and even the ubiquitous said are condemned by the author as “ tricky , ducking , bobbing words , ’ “ flabby words , ’ whose only claim to precision is their traditional use , not worth saving .
lawyers ' stand-bys such as aforesaid , forthwith , hereafter , hereby , herein , [from this point on] , and even the ubiquitous said are condemned by the author as “ tricky , ducking , bobbing words , ’ “ flabby words , ’ whose only claim to precision is their traditional use , not worth saving .

