In testimony whereof , I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the State to be affixed this 21st day of April , in the year of Our Lord , one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one and on Independence , the one hundred and eighty-fifth .
in testimony whereof , i have [here] set my hand and caused the seal of the state to be affixed this 21st day of april , in the year of our lord , one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one and on independence , the one hundred and eighty-fifth .

In testimony whereof , I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the State to be affixed this 17th day of May , in the year of Our Lord , one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one , and of Independence , the one hundred and eighty-sixth .
in testimony whereof , i have [here] set my hand and caused the seal of the state to be affixed this 17th day of may , in the year of our lord , one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one , and of independence , the one hundred and eighty-sixth .

In testimony whereof , I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the State to be affixed this 20th day of April , in the year of Our Lord , one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one , and of Independence , the one hundred and eighty-fifth .
in testimony whereof , i have [here] set my hand and caused the seal of the state to be affixed this 20th day of april , in the year of our lord , one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one , and of independence , the one hundred and eighty-fifth .

In testimony whereof , I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the State to be affixed this 11th day of June , in the year of Our Lord , one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one , and of Independence , the one hundred and eighty-sixth .
in testimony whereof , i have [here] set my hand and caused the seal of the state to be affixed this 11th day of june , in the year of our lord , one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one , and of independence , the one hundred and eighty-sixth .

In testimony whereof , I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the State to be affixed this 5th day of July , in the year of Our Lord , one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one , and of Independence , the one hundred and eighty-sixth .
in testimony whereof , i have [here] set my hand and caused the seal of the state to be affixed this 5th day of july , in the year of our lord , one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one , and of independence , the one hundred and eighty-sixth .

In testimony whereof , I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the State to be affixed this 23d day of October , in the year of Our Lord , one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one , and of Independence , the one hundred and eighty-sixth .
in testimony whereof , i have [here] set my hand and caused the seal of the state to be affixed this 23d day of october , in the year of our lord , one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one , and of independence , the one hundred and eighty-sixth .

In testimony whereof , I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the State to be affixed this 21st day of November , in the year of Our Lord , one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one and of Independence , the one hundred and eighty-sixth .
in testimony whereof , i have [here] set my hand and caused the seal of the state to be affixed this 21st day of november , in the year of our lord , one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one and of independence , the one hundred and eighty-sixth .

