Or the mode of love to this fragment by a recent poet : `` Know ye , fair folk who dwell on earth Or shall hereafter come to birth , That here , with dust upon his eyes , Iraj , the sweet-tongued singer , lies .
or the mode of love to this fragment by a recent poet : `` know ye , fair folk who dwell on earth or shall [from now on] come to birth , that here , with dust upon his eyes , iraj , the sweet-tongued singer , lies .

Accordingly , it is the aim of this essay to advance a new theory of imitation ( which I shall call mimesis in order to distinguish it from earlier theories of imitation ) and a new theory of invention ( which I shall call symbol for reasons to be stated hereafter ) .
accordingly , it is the aim of this essay to advance a new theory of imitation ( which i shall call mimesis in order to distinguish it from earlier theories of imitation ) and a new theory of invention ( which i shall call symbol for reasons to be stated [from now on] ) .

In connection with any claim decided by the Commission pursuant to this Title in which an award is made , the Commission may , upon the written request of the claimant or any attorney heretofore or hereafter employed by such claimant , determine and apportion the just and reasonable attorney's fees for services rendered with respect to such claim , but the total amount of the fees so determined in any case shall not exceed 10 per centum of the total amount paid pursuant to the award .
in connection with any claim decided by the commission pursuant to this title in which an award is made , the commission may , upon the written request of the claimant or any attorney heretofore or [from now on] employed by such claimant , determine and apportion the just and reasonable attorney's fees for services rendered with respect to such claim , but the total amount of the fees so determined in any case shall not exceed 10 per centum of the total amount paid pursuant to the award .

a special fund created for that purpose pursuant to subsection ( A ) of this section any amounts hereafter paid , in United States dollars , by a foreign government which has entered into a claims settlement agreement with the Government of the United States as described in subsection ( A ) of Section 4 of this Title .
a special fund created for that purpose pursuant to subsection ( a ) of this section any amounts [from now on] paid , in united states dollars , by a foreign government which has entered into a claims settlement agreement with the government of the united states as described in subsection ( a ) of section 4 of this title .

that dead , there is a life hereafter
that dead , there is a life [from now on]

This , and most of what follows , is regulated by the Representation of the People Acts , the most important by far of which is the 1983 Act , ( ‘ the 1983 Act ’ hereafter ) .
this , and most of what follows , is regulated by the representation of the people acts , the most important by far of which is the 1983 act , ( ‘ the 1983 act ’ [from now on] ) .

so the must sum to zero if the constraints are to be feasible and we will assume this to be true hereafter .
so the must sum to zero if the constraints are to be feasible and we will assume this to be true [from now on] .

The King of Scots would hereafter be liable on request to provide an army to aid the King of England in any of his campaigns .
the king of scots would [from now on] be liable on request to provide an army to aid the king of england in any of his campaigns .

The trouble was , he was now warned that there was a sizeable force in the vicinity to challenge him , and would no doubt hereafter take all possible precautions .
the trouble was , he was now warned that there was a sizeable force in the vicinity to challenge him , and would no doubt [from now on] take all possible precautions .

And give warning to Dacre that if he led a force into Scotland hereafter , as reputedly planned , he would suffer at his house of Gilsland .
and give warning to dacre that if he led a force into scotland [from now on] , as reputedly planned , he would suffer at his house of gilsland .

Johnstone of Lochwood and Jardine of Applegirth led the way , in their element , for this was just their accustomed Border reiving on a larger scale , and they knew all the hidden ways to go , darkness hereafter no trouble , since that was normal for the business .
johnstone of lochwood and jardine of applegirth led the way , in their element , for this was just their accustomed border reiving on a larger scale , and they knew all the hidden ways to go , darkness [from now on] no trouble , since that was normal for the business .

Ramsay 's contention was that , despite the recent emphasis on the South-West , Annandale , Carlisle and the rest , the key hereafter would be on the East March , particularly Berwick-on-Tweed .
ramsay 's contention was that , despite the recent emphasis on the south-west , annandale , carlisle and the rest , the key [from now on] would be on the east march , particularly berwick-on-tweed .

To pay all rates taxes assessments charges and outgoings which now are or may at any time hereafter be imposed assessed or charged upon the premises whether payable by the owner or occupier thereof
to pay all rates taxes assessments charges and outgoings which now are or may at any time [from now on] be imposed assessed or charged upon the premises whether payable by the owner or occupier thereof

The ordinary shares of Palatine which are the subject of the Offer will be acquired free from all liens , charges and encumbrances and together with all rights now or hereafter attaching thereto , including the right to all dividends and distributions ( if any ) declared , made or paid hereafter .
the ordinary shares of palatine which are the subject of the offer will be acquired free from all liens , charges and encumbrances and together with all rights now or [from now on] attaching thereto , including the right to all dividends and distributions ( if any ) declared , made or paid [from now on] .

He would be ever hereafter his own successor in developing sequels to the steps he had taken in the spring and summer of 1837 .
he would be ever [from now on] his own successor in developing sequels to the steps he had taken in the spring and summer of 1837 .

We must hereafter keep the doing of this damnable magic from our shores .
we must [from now on] keep the doing of this damnable magic from our shores .

However when he came to Celebes ( hereafter referred to by its modern name , Sulawesi ) , even Alfred Wallace was lost for a complete explanation of how this large star-shaped island acquired its fascinating and unusual fauna .
however when he came to celebes ( [from now on] referred to by its modern name , sulawesi ) , even alfred wallace was lost for a complete explanation of how this large star-shaped island acquired its fascinating and unusual fauna .

This remark on Swiss law is incorrect , as explained hereafter .
this remark on swiss law is incorrect , as explained [from now on] .

Propositions 3 and 4 of the second edition of The Christian Faith ( referred to hereafter as , summarise the essential points he makes about it .
propositions 3 and 4 of the second edition of the christian faith ( referred to [from now on] as , summarise the essential points he makes about it .

‘ The Pacific Ocean , its shores , its islands , ’ he said , ‘ will become the great theatre of events in the world 's hereafter … henceforth European commerce , European thought and European connections , although becoming more intimate , will nevertheless sink in importance .
‘ the pacific ocean , its shores , its islands , ’ he said , ‘ will become the great theatre of events in the world 's [from now on] … henceforth european commerce , european thought and european connections , although becoming more intimate , will nevertheless sink in importance .

The control of managerial discretion by means of legal duties ( sometimes hereafter , ‘ duty- based controls ’ ) relies ultimately on the use of an external agency , the courts , to monitor management conduct .
the control of managerial discretion by means of legal duties ( sometimes [from now on] , ‘ duty- based controls ’ ) relies ultimately on the use of an external agency , the courts , to monitor management conduct .

And they do claime demand and insist upon all and singular the premises as their undoubted Rights and Liberties and that noe Declarations Judgements Doeings or proceedings to the prejudice of the People in any of the said premisses ought in any wise to bee drawne hereafter into Consequence or Example .
and they do claime demand and insist upon all and singular the premises as their undoubted rights and liberties and that noe declarations judgements doeings or proceedings to the prejudice of the people in any of the said premisses ought in any wise to bee drawne [from now on] into consequence or example .

He should have died hereafter … .
he should have died [from now on] … .

Among men in the capital the incidence of anal cancer remained stable around 0.20–0.25 per 100000 until the late 1960s and increased appreciably hereafter .
among men in the capital the incidence of anal cancer remained stable around 0.20–0.25 per 100000 until the late 1960s and increased appreciably [from now on] .

" This Meeting consider themselves authorised to regulate the practice to be hereafter adopted in Smithies — and direct now that he who comes to the smithy first prepared for work shall have preference in finishing all his work of every kind before any other can pretend to interfere . "
" this meeting consider themselves authorised to regulate the practice to be [from now on] adopted in smithies — and direct now that he who comes to the smithy first prepared for work shall have preference in finishing all his work of every kind before any other can pretend to interfere . "

‘ Ordered by mandate of the justices that ‘ Masters of ‘ Le Utter Barre ’ practising or hereafter desiring to practise , shall not plead at any bar before they are of 12 years continuance , without leave of the Master of the Bench , on pain of expulsion .
‘ ordered by mandate of the justices that ‘ masters of ‘ le utter barre ’ practising or [from now on] desiring to practise , shall not plead at any bar before they are of 12 years continuance , without leave of the master of the bench , on pain of expulsion .

‘ unless … ( a ) the court has deprived the first defendant ( as mortgagee ) of any relevant costs ; or ( b ) the court has ordered taxation of any relevant costs on some other basis save where there is no inconsistency between such an order and the preservation of the first defendant 's contractual right to payment of such costs ( for example , where such an order has been , or is hereafter , made against the mortgagors or any of them and other persons joined as co-plaintiffs or co-defendants with the mortgagors or any of them ) .
‘ unless … ( a ) the court has deprived the first defendant ( as mortgagee ) of any relevant costs ; or ( b ) the court has ordered taxation of any relevant costs on some other basis save where there is no inconsistency between such an order and the preservation of the first defendant 's contractual right to payment of such costs ( for example , where such an order has been , or is [from now on] , made against the mortgagors or any of them and other persons joined as co-plaintiffs or co-defendants with the mortgagors or any of them ) .

… ( 4 ) Subject as hereafter provided , a proprietor of any registered land or charge claiming in good faith under a forged disposition shall , where the register is rectified , be deemed to have suffered loss by reason of such rectification and shall be entitled to be indemnified under this Act .
… ( 4 ) subject as [from now on] provided , a proprietor of any registered land or charge claiming in good faith under a forged disposition shall , where the register is rectified , be deemed to have suffered loss by reason of such rectification and shall be entitled to be indemnified under this act .

This court is in no way prejudging any defence of justification which may hereafter be raised in those libel proceedings .
this court is in no way prejudging any defence of justification which may [from now on] be raised in those libel proceedings .

‘ We hereby agree acknowledge and confirm as follows : ( 1 ) That we have each received from you a copy of the guarantee dated 3 July 1987 ( a copy of which is attached hereto ) under which Nicholas Edward O'Brien guarantees the payment and discharge of all moneys and liabilities now or hereafter due owing or incurred by Heathrow Fabrications Ltd. to you .
‘ we hereby agree acknowledge and confirm as follows : ( 1 ) that we have each received from you a copy of the guarantee dated 3 july 1987 ( a copy of which is attached hereto ) under which nicholas edward o'brien guarantees the payment and discharge of all moneys and liabilities now or [from now on] due owing or incurred by heathrow fabrications ltd. to you .

Whether they are hereafter withdrawn or disproved does not affect the criminal character of the matter in the least …
whether they are [from now on] withdrawn or disproved does not affect the criminal character of the matter in the least …

If there is a life hereafter , then surely we will find Fred Daly strolling down an Elysian Fairway , whistling in his own inimitable style , his gallery enthralled by the perceptible body sway on the backswing before launching a colossal drive from the tee , enchanted by the purity of his iron play and driven to distraction by precisely 32 lifts of the putter blade from the back to the top of the ball before he sends it with authority into the cup .
if there is a life [from now on] , then surely we will find fred daly strolling down an elysian fairway , whistling in his own inimitable style , his gallery enthralled by the perceptible body sway on the backswing before launching a colossal drive from the tee , enchanted by the purity of his iron play and driven to distraction by precisely 32 lifts of the putter blade from the back to the top of the ball before he sends it with authority into the cup .

Brayne also held idiosyncratic views on the hereafter .
brayne also held idiosyncratic views on the [from now on] .

All these undertakings are companies , and hereafter are identified as such , except for a 50 per cent interest in a general partnership [ Unimar Company ] which is consolidated on a proportionate basis .
all these undertakings are companies , and [from now on] are identified as such , except for a 50 per cent interest in a general partnership [ unimar company ] which is consolidated on a proportionate basis .

The Group 's share of results of associated undertakings [ hereafter called associated companies ] is included in respect of companies in which the Group owns at least 20 per cent of the equity and over which it exerts significant influence .
the group 's share of results of associated undertakings [ [from now on] called associated companies ] is included in respect of companies in which the group owns at least 20 per cent of the equity and over which it exerts significant influence .

In this book Nash brings together those works of popular fiction ( hereafter popfiction ) , which are traditionally conceived of as lying outside the literary canon and linguistic theories pertaining to discourse analysis and the stylistic analysis of fiction .
in this book nash brings together those works of popular fiction ( [from now on] popfiction ) , which are traditionally conceived of as lying outside the literary canon and linguistic theories pertaining to discourse analysis and the stylistic analysis of fiction .

Before setting out some examples of mismatch between fiduciary duties and regulatory rules , it should be pointed out that there are three different types of conflict or mismatch between regulatory and the common law and equitable rules relating to fiduciaries ( hereafter abbreviated to `` fiduciary law `` ) .
before setting out some examples of mismatch between fiduciary duties and regulatory rules , it should be pointed out that there are three different types of conflict or mismatch between regulatory and the common law and equitable rules relating to fiduciaries ( [from now on] abbreviated to `` fiduciary law `` ) .

If the overseas trustees validly accumulate the income , the income will not , under general principles , be taxable upon the beneficiary ( although he may be taxed under anti-avoidance provisions mentioned hereafter ) .
if the overseas trustees validly accumulate the income , the income will not , under general principles , be taxable upon the beneficiary ( although he may be taxed under anti-avoidance provisions mentioned [from now on] ) .

Additionally if the trustees add the income to the capital of the trust fund and pay the same out to the beneficiary in a capital form , under general principles there will be no income tax charged upon the beneficiary ( there could be a charge however under certain anti-avoidance provisions mentioned hereafter ) .
additionally if the trustees add the income to the capital of the trust fund and pay the same out to the beneficiary in a capital form , under general principles there will be no income tax charged upon the beneficiary ( there could be a charge however under certain anti-avoidance provisions mentioned [from now on] ) .

( They begin on pp.68 , 70 , 72 , 88 , 89 , 90 , 92 , 96 , 97 and 102 , and will be referred to hereafter by those numbers . )
( they begin on pp.68 , 70 , 72 , 88 , 89 , 90 , 92 , 96 , 97 and 102 , and will be referred to [from now on] by those numbers . )

And the Plaintiff claims the said sum of [ £250.00 ] together with interest pursuant to s 69 of the County Courts Act 1984 at the rate of 15 per cent per annum from the [ First day of October 1991 ] [ the date upon which payment became due ] to the date hereof [ £3.70 ] and continuing hereafter at the daily rate of [ £0.1027 ] until the date of judgment or sooner payment .
and the plaintiff claims the said sum of [ £250.00 ] together with interest pursuant to s 69 of the county courts act 1984 at the rate of 15 per cent per annum from the [ first day of october 1991 ] [ the date upon which payment became due ] to the date hereof [ £3.70 ] and continuing [from now on] at the daily rate of [ £0.1027 ] until the date of judgment or sooner payment .

1.1 Any order sent to the Seller by the Purchaser shall be accepted entirely at the discretion of the Seller , and , if so accepted , will only be accepted upon these conditions ( hereafter referred to as the " Conditions " ) and by means of the Seller 's standard order acknowledgement form .
1.1 any order sent to the seller by the purchaser shall be accepted entirely at the discretion of the seller , and , if so accepted , will only be accepted upon these conditions ( [from now on] referred to as the " conditions " ) and by means of the seller 's standard order acknowledgement form .

1.2 Each order which is so accepted shall constitute an individual legally binding contract between the Seller and the Purchaser and such contract is hereafter referred to in these Conditions as an " Order " .
1.2 each order which is so accepted shall constitute an individual legally binding contract between the seller and the purchaser and such contract is [from now on] referred to in these conditions as an " order " .

The living were aware that death would come and claim them and aware of the power of the dead in the hereafter .
the living were aware that death would come and claim them and aware of the power of the dead in the [from now on] .

It was not an appealing view of the hereafter .
it was not an appealing view of the [from now on] .

These are referred to hereafter as Display Pages .
these are referred to [from now on] as display pages .

Hereafter , although each meditation on the process of Christ 's death is ended by Latin prayers , the opening is only once a formal expression of thanks ( significantly when Rolle remembers Christ 's cry that he feels forsaken ) ; the other moments are initiated by cries of prayer or remembrance .
[from now on] , although each meditation on the process of christ 's death is ended by latin prayers , the opening is only once a formal expression of thanks ( significantly when rolle remembers christ 's cry that he feels forsaken ) ; the other moments are initiated by cries of prayer or remembrance .

This undertaking shall not apply to any information which we are required by law to disclose or which is in or hereafter enters the public domain otherwise than through our default .
this undertaking shall not apply to any information which we are required by law to disclose or which is in or [from now on] enters the public domain otherwise than through our default .

This undertaking shall not apply to any information which we are required by law to disclose or which is in or hereafter enters the public domain otherwise than through our default .
this undertaking shall not apply to any information which we are required by law to disclose or which is in or [from now on] enters the public domain otherwise than through our default .

Gould , he said in his book on Taxidermy , was ‘ a zealous and very able ornithologist , now travelling in Australia , who has published some valuable , although very expensive works upon birds … We trust the author will hereafter reprint these expensive volumes in such a form as that they may be accessible to naturalists ; and thereby diffuse science , instead of restricting it to those only who are wealthy .
gould , he said in his book on taxidermy , was ‘ a zealous and very able ornithologist , now travelling in australia , who has published some valuable , although very expensive works upon birds … we trust the author will [from now on] reprint these expensive volumes in such a form as that they may be accessible to naturalists ; and thereby diffuse science , instead of restricting it to those only who are wealthy .

Hitherto , when they asked us to obey those laws , we have known that we could change them , but hereafter a combination of people with different languages , understandings and cultures can set , and are by combination setting , upon us standards , rules and laws which may be suitable for Greece , central or northern Europe , France or Spain but which are not right for us .
hitherto , when they asked us to obey those laws , we have known that we could change them , but [from now on] a combination of people with different languages , understandings and cultures can set , and are by combination setting , upon us standards , rules and laws which may be suitable for greece , central or northern europe , france or spain but which are not right for us .

The priests of the old deities had emerged from the desert or from hiding in neglected provincial cities in Shemau and To-mehu , and established themselves again , without difficulty , the people grateful to have the old gods returned to them , who demanded no more than unquestioning duty , propitiation and sacrifice ; gods who did not require a man to think for himself ; gods who forgave sin if the price was right , and who guaranteed a good time in the Hereafter .
the priests of the old deities had emerged from the desert or from hiding in neglected provincial cities in shemau and to-mehu , and established themselves again , without difficulty , the people grateful to have the old gods returned to them , who demanded no more than unquestioning duty , propitiation and sacrifice ; gods who did not require a man to think for himself ; gods who forgave sin if the price was right , and who guaranteed a good time in the [from now on] .

In view of this irksome journey to Keswick , not surprisingly , regard was given to the possibility of setting up smelt houses at Coniston : " … if the Mynes hereafter should hereafter prove so rich as to countervale the charges of erecting any worke houses , there is more there about but water sufficient to make some competent buildings and good store both a wood & peets at more easy rates than at Keswick if the said wood may be preserved for those uses … "
in view of this irksome journey to keswick , not surprisingly , regard was given to the possibility of setting up smelt houses at coniston : " … if the mynes [from now on] should [from now on] prove so rich as to countervale the charges of erecting any worke houses , there is more there about but water sufficient to make some competent buildings and good store both a wood & peets at more easy rates than at keswick if the said wood may be preserved for those uses … "

With this in view they recommended that the Golf Club be formed in conjunction with the Bondholders under such conditions as are hereinafter provided … ’ Hereafter follows the detail of the original Constitution .
with this in view they recommended that the golf club be formed in conjunction with the bondholders under such conditions as are hereinafter provided … ’ [from now on] follows the detail of the original constitution .

( Hereafter followed a barrage of supportive comments such as recommending replacement by gorse for prettiness , or rubber trees for revenue .
( [from now on] followed a barrage of supportive comments such as recommending replacement by gorse for prettiness , or rubber trees for revenue .

Fundamentally , all that we have a right to expect from our theory is a battleground of replicators , jostling , jockeying , fighting for a future in the genetic hereafter .
fundamentally , all that we have a right to expect from our theory is a battleground of replicators , jostling , jockeying , fighting for a future in the genetic [from now on] .

My rose-growing Surrey headmaster ( by now retired ) came to Banbury for a weekend , and as we drove off to the Cotswolds he tried to persuade me that the implication of all this was that secondary schools would no longer be a worthwhile place for teachers with academic interests : all the good work would hereafter be done within an inflated system of higher education .
my rose-growing surrey headmaster ( by now retired ) came to banbury for a weekend , and as we drove off to the cotswolds he tried to persuade me that the implication of all this was that secondary schools would no longer be a worthwhile place for teachers with academic interests : all the good work would [from now on] be done within an inflated system of higher education .

Hereafter the penicillins were studied in countless laboratories , academic and commercial , and discoveries were made which enabled them to be better understood and used as the foundation for many new drugs .
[from now on] the penicillins were studied in countless laboratories , academic and commercial , and discoveries were made which enabled them to be better understood and used as the foundation for many new drugs .

‘ Whatever a man remembers at the last , when he is leaving the body , will be realised by him hereafter ; because that will be what his mind constantly dwelt on during his life . ’
‘ whatever a man remembers at the last , when he is leaving the body , will be realised by him [from now on] ; because that will be what his mind constantly dwelt on during his life . ’

The growing materialism of the age led them to envisage the hereafter as the eternal ‘ Now ’ , and depict survival in terms of the senses .
the growing materialism of the age led them to envisage the [from now on] as the eternal ‘ now ’ , and depict survival in terms of the senses .

There had always been tension between fear of the process of dying and hope of a happy hereafter .
there had always been tension between fear of the process of dying and hope of a happy [from now on] .

These matters are important because they explain how Pound and Eliot , who had campaigned as a team and would help each other for many years to come , radically differed not just in themes and attitudes ( of which something will be said hereafter ) but at this deep level , in the not altogether conscious interstices of their craft .
these matters are important because they explain how pound and eliot , who had campaigned as a team and would help each other for many years to come , radically differed not just in themes and attitudes ( of which something will be said [from now on] ) but at this deep level , in the not altogether conscious interstices of their craft .

Suffering is part of our preparation for the hereafter .
suffering is part of our preparation for the [from now on] .

In the final analysis , there can be only one conclusion to be drawn , and that is that the Christian promise of happiness in the ‘ hereafter ’ was in reality an appeal to ‘ selfishness ’ , which is also the appeal of the teaching of one of the basic premises of this book , namely , that life is to be enjoyed here on earth .
in the final analysis , there can be only one conclusion to be drawn , and that is that the christian promise of happiness in the ‘ [from now on] ’ was in reality an appeal to ‘ selfishness ’ , which is also the appeal of the teaching of one of the basic premises of this book , namely , that life is to be enjoyed here on earth .

This circumstance encourages me to hope that you may , if you have any opening for such a youth , be willing to take George , who is exceedingly desirous of obtaining the situation — or indeed any situation which through industry and a desire of improvement may hereafter insure a creditable independence ; but , above all things he seems to wish that it may be possible for you to take him into a situation similar to that which was offered to his Brother .
this circumstance encourages me to hope that you may , if you have any opening for such a youth , be willing to take george , who is exceedingly desirous of obtaining the situation — or indeed any situation which through industry and a desire of improvement may [from now on] insure a creditable independence ; but , above all things he seems to wish that it may be possible for you to take him into a situation similar to that which was offered to his brother .

No attempt has been made in these pages to measure the achievement of those 28 ministers whose names are recorded hereafter .
no attempt has been made in these pages to measure the achievement of those 28 ministers whose names are recorded [from now on] .

Spiritual preoccupations turned away from the world ’ s few joys and woes in the present , to mystic contemplation of the ineffable hereafter .
spiritual preoccupations turned away from the world ’ s few joys and woes in the present , to mystic contemplation of the ineffable [from now on] .

Throughout this report , we relied on data from The 2001 Annual Report of the Board of Trustees of the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance and Disability Insurance Trust Funds , hereafter `` the 2001 OASDI Trustees ' Report '' and The 2001 Annual Report of the Board of Trustees of the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund , hereafter `` the 2001 HI Trustees ' Report . ''
throughout this report , we relied on data from the 2001 annual report of the board of trustees of the federal old-age and survivors insurance and disability insurance trust funds , [from now on] `` the 2001 oasdi trustees ' report '' and the 2001 annual report of the board of trustees of the federal hospital insurance trust fund , [from now on] `` the 2001 hi trustees ' report . ''

Some portion of gross national saving pays for replacing capital goods that have been worn out or used up in producing goods and services-consumption of fixed capital in technical terms , or hereafter simply depreciation.3 The other portion of gross national saving , which is used to add to the nation 's stock of capital goods , is net national saving .
some portion of gross national saving pays for replacing capital goods that have been worn out or used up in producing goods and services-consumption of fixed capital in technical terms , or [from now on] simply depreciation.3 the other portion of gross national saving , which is used to add to the nation 's stock of capital goods , is net national saving .

Such information will hereafter be referred to as privileged or confidential information .
such information will [from now on] be referred to as privileged or confidential information .

On people alive on the 92nd floor and above after the impact , see Commission analysis of conditions on tower floors and advice received by civilians in the towers based on ( 1 ) calls to NYPD 911 from or concerning people in the towers on September 11 , 2001 , and ( 2 ) transcripts of recorded calls to the Port Authority police desk from people in the towers on September 11 , 2001 ( hereafter `` Commission analysis of 911/PAPD calls '' ) .
on people alive on the 92nd floor and above after the impact , see commission analysis of conditions on tower floors and advice received by civilians in the towers based on ( 1 ) calls to nypd 911 from or concerning people in the towers on september 11 , 2001 , and ( 2 ) transcripts of recorded calls to the port authority police desk from people in the towers on september 11 , 2001 ( [from now on] `` commission analysis of 911/papd calls '' ) .

Canadian director Atom Egoyan 's The Sweet Hereafter , about a school-bus accident , also impresses critics , winning him plaudits as a `` postmodern Hitchcock '' ( Owen Gleiberman , Entertainment Weekly ) .
canadian director atom egoyan 's the sweet [from now on] , about a school-bus accident , also impresses critics , winning him plaudits as a `` postmodern hitchcock '' ( owen gleiberman , entertainment weekly ) .

Confidential , The Sweet Hereafter , Donnie Brasco , The Wings of the Dove , Boogie Nights , and Titanic . )
confidential , the sweet [from now on] , donnie brasco , the wings of the dove , boogie nights , and titanic . )

The Sweet Hereafter ( Fine Line Pictures ) .
the sweet [from now on] ( fine line pictures ) .

Praise for The Sweet Hereafter writer Russell Banks ' first historical novel , about the abolitionist zealot John Brown .
praise for the sweet [from now on] writer russell banks ' first historical novel , about the abolitionist zealot john brown .

However , Atom Egoyan 's The Sweet Hereafter does not , I feel , belong in this group .
however , atom egoyan 's the sweet [from now on] does not , i feel , belong in this group .

Though it has flaws ( Egoyan 's decision to romanticize the father-daughter incest blunted the force of the ending ) , The Sweet Hereafter has none of the insufferable smugness found in so much indie film in this Sundance era .
though it has flaws ( egoyan 's decision to romanticize the father-daughter incest blunted the force of the ending ) , the sweet [from now on] has none of the insufferable smugness found in so much indie film in this sundance era .

In `` Goldhagen 's Willing Executioners , '' his review of my A Nation on Trial [ hereafter ANOT ] , Adam Shatz suggests that I am a mirror image of Daniel Goldhagen .
in `` goldhagen 's willing executioners , '' his review of my a nation on trial [ [from now on] anot ] , adam shatz suggests that i am a mirror image of daniel goldhagen .

Atom Egoyan , the Canadian director ( Exotica , 1994 ; The Sweet Hereafter , 1997 ) who adapted and directed the book , does tender , morbidly evocative work .
atom egoyan , the canadian director ( exotica , 1994 ; the sweet [from now on] , 1997 ) who adapted and directed the book , does tender , morbidly evocative work .

Lawyers ' stand-bys such as aforesaid , forthwith , hereafter , hereby , herein , hereinafter , and even the ubiquitous said are condemned by the author as “ tricky , ducking , bobbing words , ’ “ flabby words , ’ whose only claim to precision is their traditional use , not worth saving .
lawyers ' stand-bys such as aforesaid , forthwith , [from now on] , hereby , herein , hereinafter , and even the ubiquitous said are condemned by the author as “ tricky , ducking , bobbing words , ’ “ flabby words , ’ whose only claim to precision is their traditional use , not worth saving .

Webster 's Ninth Collegiate Dictionary [ hereafter W ] , despite many improvements over its forebears , still suffers from shortcomings ultimately traceable to the aberrational lexicography reflected in Webster 's Third Unabridged .
webster 's ninth collegiate dictionary [ [from now on] w ] , despite many improvements over its forebears , still suffers from shortcomings ultimately traceable to the aberrational lexicography reflected in webster 's third unabridged .

Although direct comparison between the Longman Dictionary of the English Language [ hereafter L ] and the W reveals many similarities , there are many differences , too .
although direct comparison between the longman dictionary of the english language [ [from now on] l ] and the w reveals many similarities , there are many differences , too .

Richard Schwartz ( Geogetown ) uses Boswell 's interview with Hume on his deathbed to explore Boswell 's own philosophy as well as his attitude toward death and the life hereafter .
richard schwartz ( geogetown ) uses boswell 's interview with hume on his deathbed to explore boswell 's own philosophy as well as his attitude toward death and the life [from now on] .

