A recent study on radiation exposure by the AEC's division of biology and medicine stated : `` The question of the biological effect of ( radiation ) doses is not considered '' herein .
a recent study on radiation exposure by the aec's division of biology and medicine stated : `` the question of the biological effect of ( radiation ) doses is not considered '' [here] .

It is these other differences between North and South -- other , that is , than those which concern discrimination or social welfare -- which I chiefly discuss herein .
it is these other differences between north and south -- other , that is , than those which concern discrimination or social welfare -- which i chiefly discuss [here] .

Intelligence , as used herein , will include information on possible opponents and on the environment which can affect operations .
intelligence , as used [here] , will include information on possible opponents and on the environment which can affect operations .

But they are most unlikely to do so — and herein lies part of the explanation for Labour 's election defeat , and one of its greatest problems for the future .
but they are most unlikely to do so — and [here] lies part of the explanation for labour 's election defeat , and one of its greatest problems for the future .

The Tenant paying the rent hereby reserved and performing and observing the covenants on the Tenant 's part herein contained the Landlord hereby covenants with the Tenant as follows :
the tenant paying the rent hereby reserved and performing and observing the covenants on the tenant 's part [here] contained the landlord hereby covenants with the tenant as follows :

That if the rent hereby reserved or any part thereof shall remain unpaid for twenty-one days after the same shall have become due ( whether formally demanded or not ) or if any covenant on the part of the Tenant herein contained shall not be performed or observed or if the Tenant shall become bankrupt or enter into any composition with his creditors it shall be lawful for the Landlord to re-enter upon the premises or any point thereof in the name of the whole and thereupon this demise shall absolutely determine .
that if the rent hereby reserved or any part thereof shall remain unpaid for twenty-one days after the same shall have become due ( whether formally demanded or not ) or if any covenant on the part of the tenant [here] contained shall not be performed or observed or if the tenant shall become bankrupt or enter into any composition with his creditors it shall be lawful for the landlord to re-enter upon the premises or any point thereof in the name of the whole and thereupon this demise shall absolutely determine .

Herein lies the significance of the actions of the press barons — Beaverbrook , Northcliffe and Rothermere — in their dealings with politicians in the 1920s and 1930s .
[here] lies the significance of the actions of the press barons — beaverbrook , northcliffe and rothermere — in their dealings with politicians in the 1920s and 1930s .

‘ in a street ( or public place ) called … ‘ 'Street ’ is defined at section 1 ( 4 ) Street Offences Act 1959 as any bridge , road , lane , footway , subway , square , court , alley or passage , whether a thoroughfare or not , which is for the time being open to the public , and the doorways and entrances of premises abutting on a street ( as herein before defined ) and any ground adjoining and open to a street , shall form part of the street .
‘ in a street ( or public place ) called … ‘ 'street ’ is defined at section 1 ( 4 ) street offences act 1959 as any bridge , road , lane , footway , subway , square , court , alley or passage , whether a thoroughfare or not , which is for the time being open to the public , and the doorways and entrances of premises abutting on a street ( as [here] before defined ) and any ground adjoining and open to a street , shall form part of the street .

, a company incorporated and having its registered office at and is entered into the Trade Register of Ghent under nr. 153 381 ( ‘ ’ ) ( which shall include all or any of its subsidiaries , agents , successors or assigns ) and herein represented by Christian
, a company incorporated and having its registered office at and is entered into the trade register of ghent under nr. 153 381 ( ‘ ’ ) ( which shall include all or any of its subsidiaries , agents , successors or assigns ) and [here] represented by christian

The Chancellors , Masters and Scholars of the University of Oxford trading as at ( ‘ ’ ) and herein represented by
the chancellors , masters and scholars of the university of oxford trading as at ( ‘ ’ ) and [here] represented by

6.2 Notwithstanding any provisions herein contained this Agreement may be terminated forthwith by either party by notice in writing from the party not at fault if any of the following events shall occur , ie :
6.2 notwithstanding any provisions [here] contained this agreement may be terminated forthwith by either party by notice in writing from the party not at fault if any of the following events shall occur , ie :

19.2 Except as otherwise provided herein , no addition , amendment to or modification of this Agreement shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed by and on behalf of both Parties .
19.2 except as otherwise provided [here] , no addition , amendment to or modification of this agreement shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed by and on behalf of both parties .

‘ Related company ’ shall in relation to each Industrial Party mean any Related company within the meaning of Section 11 of the Company Securities ( insider Dealing ) Act 1985 and any other company ( herein called ‘ a Parent ’ ) which directly or indirectly owns or controls more than one half of the equity share capital of such a Party and any other company of which such a Party directly or indirectly owns or controls company limited by guarantee by the Parties to be a Related company for the purposes of this Agreement .
‘ related company ’ shall in relation to each industrial party mean any related company within the meaning of section 11 of the company securities ( insider dealing ) act 1985 and any other company ( [here] called ‘ a parent ’ ) which directly or indirectly owns or controls more than one half of the equity share capital of such a party and any other company of which such a party directly or indirectly owns or controls company limited by guarantee by the parties to be a related company for the purposes of this agreement .

4.2.1.2 to provide project management facilities for the Project on the terms and conditions set out herein and in the Grant Offer Letter dated 10 July 1990
4.2.1.2 to provide project management facilities for the project on the terms and conditions set out [here] and in the grant offer letter dated 10 july 1990

10.7.1 Subject to due performance of its obligations hereunder each Party shall be entitled , subject to reimbursement of the costs of collation reproduction and delivery , to receive copies of all results and of such background technical information of the other Parties as is in each case reasonably necessary for such Party independently to exploit results in the manner specified herein .
10.7.1 subject to due performance of its obligations hereunder each party shall be entitled , subject to reimbursement of the costs of collation reproduction and delivery , to receive copies of all results and of such background technical information of the other parties as is in each case reasonably necessary for such party independently to exploit results in the manner specified [here] .

10.7.2 In addition to its unfettered rights ( subject only to the terms and conditions of the Grant Offer Letter to use and licence the use of its own results ) each Party shall be entitled , subject to the provisions herein , without limit of time and ( subject to any consents as may be necessary from the Secretary of State ) in all parts of the world
10.7.2 in addition to its unfettered rights ( subject only to the terms and conditions of the grant offer letter to use and licence the use of its own results ) each party shall be entitled , subject to the provisions [here] , without limit of time and ( subject to any consents as may be necessary from the secretary of state ) in all parts of the world

Herein are contained significant elements of the dominant nineteenth-century ideology of local government-depoliticisation , economy and utilitarianism — around a limited conception of municipal enterprise that bore few traces of the brand of municipal socialism forced onto the political agenda by the labour group .
[here] are contained significant elements of the dominant nineteenth-century ideology of local government-depoliticisation , economy and utilitarianism — around a limited conception of municipal enterprise that bore few traces of the brand of municipal socialism forced onto the political agenda by the labour group .

‘ Here in the palace — though since none herein has seen hide or hair of him , one suspects that the king and his brother are under some form of house arrest .
‘ here in the palace — though since none [here] has seen hide or hair of him , one suspects that the king and his brother are under some form of house arrest .

And herein , of course , lies one of the ruder ironies of the Pacific : that among all this economic vibrancy and dynamism there are still the familiar evils we currently associate only with Africa , or with countries that are at war : illiteracy , hunger , a vertiginous growth of population , disease , overcrowding , slums .
and [here] , of course , lies one of the ruder ironies of the pacific : that among all this economic vibrancy and dynamism there are still the familiar evils we currently associate only with africa , or with countries that are at war : illiteracy , hunger , a vertiginous growth of population , disease , overcrowding , slums .

Herein lies the profound distinction between prose style and poetic style … For the prose artist the world is full of other people 's words , among which he must orient himself , and whose speech characteristics he must be able to perceive with a very keen ear .
[here] lies the profound distinction between prose style and poetic style … for the prose artist the world is full of other people 's words , among which he must orient himself , and whose speech characteristics he must be able to perceive with a very keen ear .

But while all topics are necessarily subject to identity , clearly not all topics qualify as possible existents , and only a miniscule proportion of possible topics actually exist , and herein lies our problem . For what is it that qualifies a given topic as a possible existent ? What is involved in saying that something exists in its own right , while something else does not ? Where and how do we draw a line between ontological existents and fictions ?
but while all topics are necessarily subject to identity , clearly not all topics qualify as possible existents , and only a miniscule proportion of possible topics actually exist , and [here] lies our problem . for what is it that qualifies a given topic as a possible existent ? what is involved in saying that something exists in its own right , while something else does not ? where and how do we draw a line between ontological existents and fictions ?

Herein are summaries of some of the techniques which will be used later . They include
[here] are summaries of some of the techniques which will be used later . they include

The prohibitions set out in paragraph 4 above shall take effect as from the date herein and shall be binding upon Norwich Union until such time as this notice is rescinded or varied by the board or is the subject of an order made by the Appeal Tribunal of Lautro .
the prohibitions set out in paragraph 4 above shall take effect as from the date [here] and shall be binding upon norwich union until such time as this notice is rescinded or varied by the board or is the subject of an order made by the appeal tribunal of lautro .

‘ All costs charges and expenses incurred hereunder by the bank or by the receiver in perfecting or otherwise in connection with this security or in respect of the property hereby charged including ( without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing ) all costs of all proceedings for the enforcement of the security hereby constituted or for obtaining payment of the moneys hereby secured or arising out of or in connection with the acts authorised by clause 7 hereof ( whether or not such costs charges and expenses and moneys or part thereof would be allowable on a party and party or solicitor and own client taxation by this court ) shall be recoverable from the companies as a debt … and shall be charged on the premises comprised herein …
‘ all costs charges and expenses incurred hereunder by the bank or by the receiver in perfecting or otherwise in connection with this security or in respect of the property hereby charged including ( without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing ) all costs of all proceedings for the enforcement of the security hereby constituted or for obtaining payment of the moneys hereby secured or arising out of or in connection with the acts authorised by clause 7 hereof ( whether or not such costs charges and expenses and moneys or part thereof would be allowable on a party and party or solicitor and own client taxation by this court ) shall be recoverable from the companies as a debt … and shall be charged on the premises comprised [here] …

‘ Declare : ( 1 ) That on the taking of the accounts and inquiry order to be made and taken herein by Chief Master Munrow on 14 March 1988 the plaintiffs are entitled to raise objection to items in the defendants ' said accounts on the grounds that the items were and are unreasonable in amount but so that any doubts are to be resolved in favour of the defendants .
‘ declare : ( 1 ) that on the taking of the accounts and inquiry order to be made and taken [here] by chief master munrow on 14 march 1988 the plaintiffs are entitled to raise objection to items in the defendants ' said accounts on the grounds that the items were and are unreasonable in amount but so that any doubts are to be resolved in favour of the defendants .

From herein it gets weirder .
from [here] it gets weirder .

These developments of course ( and herein lies the difficulty of gauging progress ) , may be more apparent than real .
these developments of course ( and [here] lies the difficulty of gauging progress ) , may be more apparent than real .

Herein lies a central dilemma .
[here] lies a central dilemma .

Notwithstanding anything herein contained or the completion of the Lease nothing in this agreement shall release the Landlord from any liability in respect of defects appearing in the Works due to bad or faulty workmanship or design or materials provided notice of the same shall have been given to the Landlord by the Tenant or its successors in title before the expiration of the period of [ 6 ] years from the date hereof and upon receipt of such notice the Landlord shall forthwith take such action as may be necessary to remedy the defects at its own expense with all possible expedition
notwithstanding anything [here] contained or the completion of the lease nothing in this agreement shall release the landlord from any liability in respect of defects appearing in the works due to bad or faulty workmanship or design or materials provided notice of the same shall have been given to the landlord by the tenant or its successors in title before the expiration of the period of [ 6 ] years from the date hereof and upon receipt of such notice the landlord shall forthwith take such action as may be necessary to remedy the defects at its own expense with all possible expedition

Nevertheless , if the provision is to remain , the following proviso should be added : except where such injury damage or loss is caused as a result of a breach of any of the Landlord 's covenants herein contained
nevertheless , if the provision is to remain , the following proviso should be added : except where such injury damage or loss is caused as a result of a breach of any of the landlord 's covenants [here] contained

Herein lies a problem .
[here] lies a problem .

The following is an example of a suitable clause : It is hereby agreed that notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in the Articles of Association the investor shall be entitled at any time after Completion to transfer all or any part of the investor 's shares to another investor or investors approved by the Managers ( such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed ) to the intent and effect that any such investors shall be entitled to the benefit of all such provisions of this Agreement and Articles of Association as the investor shall require and the Managers and the Company shall do or procure to be done ( insofar as it lies within their respective powers ) all such matters and things , including the execution of all such documents as shall be necessary or which the Investors shall reasonably require for the purpose of giving effect to the provisions of this clause .
the following is an example of a suitable clause : it is hereby agreed that notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained [here] or in the articles of association the investor shall be entitled at any time after completion to transfer all or any part of the investor 's shares to another investor or investors approved by the managers ( such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed ) to the intent and effect that any such investors shall be entitled to the benefit of all such provisions of this agreement and articles of association as the investor shall require and the managers and the company shall do or procure to be done ( insofar as it lies within their respective powers ) all such matters and things , including the execution of all such documents as shall be necessary or which the investors shall reasonably require for the purpose of giving effect to the provisions of this clause .

Inescapably , if one is to have a Christology , one must bring the two natures together , and herein lies the problem .
inescapably , if one is to have a christology , one must bring the two natures together , and [here] lies the problem .

Herein lies the crux of the debate between the honest subjectivist and the reasonable objectivist .
[here] lies the crux of the debate between the honest subjectivist and the reasonable objectivist .

Herein lie the origins of a fundamental dichotomy that has dominated Japan 's recent history ; the simultaneous existence of both ‘ indigenous ’ and Western modes of thought and behaviour has resulted in acute cultural conflict .
[here] lie the origins of a fundamental dichotomy that has dominated japan 's recent history ; the simultaneous existence of both ‘ indigenous ’ and western modes of thought and behaviour has resulted in acute cultural conflict .

Currently , with strong competition from many units throughout Europe for available organs , many patients similar to those described herein would die waiting for a suitable donor organ .
currently , with strong competition from many units throughout europe for available organs , many patients similar to those described [here] would die waiting for a suitable donor organ .

Herein lay a grave source of weakness for the attempt of elected politicians to assert their right to take a greater share of power .
[here] lay a grave source of weakness for the attempt of elected politicians to assert their right to take a greater share of power .

Herein lies the secret of a successful licensed dealers longevity : dealing relationships that span every class of society .
[here] lies the secret of a successful licensed dealers longevity : dealing relationships that span every class of society .

Herein lies a big problem for managers who must take steps to ensure that everyone understands the need for involvement — To this end a series of seminars and talks should be arranged in order to explain the issue , seek ideas and the commitment of everyone to meeting the challenge .
[here] lies a big problem for managers who must take steps to ensure that everyone understands the need for involvement — to this end a series of seminars and talks should be arranged in order to explain the issue , seek ideas and the commitment of everyone to meeting the challenge .

The spleen-venting and copious invective contained herein , is in much the same vein as that which brought Public Enemy notoriety as self-styled rap terrorists .
the spleen-venting and copious invective contained [here] , is in much the same vein as that which brought public enemy notoriety as self-styled rap terrorists .

‘ Herein ! ’ a voice commanded from inside the office .
‘ [here] ! ’ a voice commanded from inside the office .

Extant remains of Byzantine architecture are largely in the form of churches and cathedrals and herein lies one of the chief differences between it and the preceding Roman epoch , which had produced much secular work as well as temples .
extant remains of byzantine architecture are largely in the form of churches and cathedrals and [here] lies one of the chief differences between it and the preceding roman epoch , which had produced much secular work as well as temples .

From herein it gets weirder .
from [here] it gets weirder .

Any person including any proposed acquiror of securities of the company referred to in this document or any business or assets referred to herein must satisfy himself as to all matters relating to that company or such business assets including all the information and statements contained herein .
any person including any proposed acquiror of securities of the company referred to in this document or any business or assets referred to [here] must satisfy himself as to all matters relating to that company or such business assets including all the information and statements contained [here] .

Any person including any proposed acquiror of securities of the company referred to in this document or any business or assets referred to herein must satisfy himself as to all matters relating to that company or such business assets including all the information and statements contained herein .
any person including any proposed acquiror of securities of the company referred to in this document or any business or assets referred to [here] must satisfy himself as to all matters relating to that company or such business assets including all the information and statements contained [here] .

Herein lies one alternative method of program launching .
[here] lies one alternative method of program launching .

‘ The Soviet Union , ’ said Ellen , ‘ and herein lies the tragedy , has become a revisionist state .
‘ the soviet union , ’ said ellen , ‘ and [here] lies the tragedy , has become a revisionist state .

Staining times in particular are highly variable , and those given herein should only be used as a starting point .
staining times in particular are highly variable , and those given [here] should only be used as a starting point .

210 In all cases between landlord and tenant , as often as it shall happen that one half year 's rent shall be in arrear , and the landlord or lessor , to whom the same is due , hath right by law to re-enter for the non-payment thereof , such landlord or lessor shall and may , without any formal demand or re-entry , serve a writ in ejectment for the recovery of the demised premises , which service shall stand in the place and stead of a demand and re-entry ; and in case of judgment against the defendant for non-appearance , if it shall be made appear to the court where the said action is depending , by affidavit , or be proved upon the trial in case the defendant appears , that half a year 's rent was due before the said writ was served , and that no sufficient distress was to be found on the demised premises , countervailing the arrears then due , and that the lessor had power to re-enter , then and in every such case the lessor shall recover judgment and execution , in the same manner as if the rent in arrear had been legally demanded , and a re-entry made ; and in case the lessee or his assignee , or other person claiming or deriving under the said lease , shall permit and suffer judgment to be had and recovered on such trial in ejectment , and execution to be executed thereon , without paying the rent and arrears , together with full costs , and without proceeding for relief in equity within six months after such execution executed , then and in such case the said lessee , his assignee , and all other persons claiming and deriving under the said lease , shall be barred and foreclosed from all relief or remedy in law or equity , other than by bringing error for reversal of such judgment , in case the same shall be erroneous , and the said landlord or lessor shall from thenceforth hold the said demised premises discharged from such lease ; provided that nothing herein contained shall extend to bar the right of any mortgagee of such lease , or any part thereof , who shall not be in possession , so as such mortgagee shall and do , within six months after such judgment obtained and execution executed pay all rent in arrear , and all costs and damages sustained by such lessor or person entitled to the remainder or reversion as aforesaid , and perform all the covenants and agreements which , on the part and behalf of the first lessee , are and ought to be performed .
210 in all cases between landlord and tenant , as often as it shall happen that one half year 's rent shall be in arrear , and the landlord or lessor , to whom the same is due , hath right by law to re-enter for the non-payment thereof , such landlord or lessor shall and may , without any formal demand or re-entry , serve a writ in ejectment for the recovery of the demised premises , which service shall stand in the place and stead of a demand and re-entry ; and in case of judgment against the defendant for non-appearance , if it shall be made appear to the court where the said action is depending , by affidavit , or be proved upon the trial in case the defendant appears , that half a year 's rent was due before the said writ was served , and that no sufficient distress was to be found on the demised premises , countervailing the arrears then due , and that the lessor had power to re-enter , then and in every such case the lessor shall recover judgment and execution , in the same manner as if the rent in arrear had been legally demanded , and a re-entry made ; and in case the lessee or his assignee , or other person claiming or deriving under the said lease , shall permit and suffer judgment to be had and recovered on such trial in ejectment , and execution to be executed thereon , without paying the rent and arrears , together with full costs , and without proceeding for relief in equity within six months after such execution executed , then and in such case the said lessee , his assignee , and all other persons claiming and deriving under the said lease , shall be barred and foreclosed from all relief or remedy in law or equity , other than by bringing error for reversal of such judgment , in case the same shall be erroneous , and the said landlord or lessor shall from thenceforth hold the said demised premises discharged from such lease ; provided that nothing [here] contained shall extend to bar the right of any mortgagee of such lease , or any part thereof , who shall not be in possession , so as such mortgagee shall and do , within six months after such judgment obtained and execution executed pay all rent in arrear , and all costs and damages sustained by such lessor or person entitled to the remainder or reversion as aforesaid , and perform all the covenants and agreements which , on the part and behalf of the first lessee , are and ought to be performed .

Herein lies a paradox : for in examining " micro " variables ( for example , two variant pronunciations of the vowel sound of house ) , variationists draw conclusions about the social stratification of a whole speech community ; whereas by focusing on the " macro " parameters of language choice and sequentiality in turn-taking , researchers like Auer draw conclusions about the motivation for an individual linguistic event — a particular code switch in a particular conversation .
[here] lies a paradox : for in examining " micro " variables ( for example , two variant pronunciations of the vowel sound of house ) , variationists draw conclusions about the social stratification of a whole speech community ; whereas by focusing on the " macro " parameters of language choice and sequentiality in turn-taking , researchers like auer draw conclusions about the motivation for an individual linguistic event — a particular code switch in a particular conversation .

The income and property of the Society shall be applied solely towards the promotion of the Object of the Society and no portion thereof shall be paid or transferred directly or indirectly to the members of the Society , provided that nothing herein shall prevent the payment in good faith of remuneration to any officer , servant or member of the Society in return for Services actually rendered to the Society and proper rent for any premises let by any member to the Society .
the income and property of the society shall be applied solely towards the promotion of the object of the society and no portion thereof shall be paid or transferred directly or indirectly to the members of the society , provided that nothing [here] shall prevent the payment in good faith of remuneration to any officer , servant or member of the society in return for services actually rendered to the society and proper rent for any premises let by any member to the society .

To represent a happening as unforeseeable , however — and herein lies the explanation for the use of the infinitive with to — one must necessarily evoke a position before its occurrence : the stretch of time leading up to it must be evoked as containing no prior indication that it was going to occur .
to represent a happening as unforeseeable , however — and [here] lies the explanation for the use of the infinitive with to — one must necessarily evoke a position before its occurrence : the stretch of time leading up to it must be evoked as containing no prior indication that it was going to occur .

Herein lies the rub .
[here] lies the rub .

Herein lies the danger : that power will lurk , unspecified and unaccountable , in the shadows of compromise .
[here] lies the danger : that power will lurk , unspecified and unaccountable , in the shadows of compromise .

In a liberal democracy this needs to be scrutinized constantly , and herein lies the first problem for the researcher .
in a liberal democracy this needs to be scrutinized constantly , and [here] lies the first problem for the researcher .

Herein lies the problem : the wood needs to be of a species for which there is a ‘ master chronology ’ ( see p. 125 ) and there must normally be at least a hundred tree rings in the sample to be dated to ensure a unique match with the master pattern .
[here] lies the problem : the wood needs to be of a species for which there is a ‘ master chronology ’ ( see p. 125 ) and there must normally be at least a hundred tree rings in the sample to be dated to ensure a unique match with the master pattern .

But herein lay his greatest distress at this moment : he was utterly unable to name and fix on a place .
but [here] lay his greatest distress at this moment : he was utterly unable to name and fix on a place .

And herein lies a problem .
and [here] lies a problem .

Herein slept the two girls , Etty and Anna .
[here] slept the two girls , etty and anna .

The most fascinating aspect of aromatherapy is the influence of aroma on the mind and emotions — and herein lies the mysterious potency of the art .
the most fascinating aspect of aromatherapy is the influence of aroma on the mind and emotions — and [here] lies the mysterious potency of the art .

Clearly , therefore , there is further scope for finding Zechstein gas and with the aid of the sedimentological models presented herein , it is hoped that future exploration will be more successful .
clearly , therefore , there is further scope for finding zechstein gas and with the aid of the sedimentological models presented [here] , it is hoped that future exploration will be more successful .

Mankind must keep an open mind on this , but must also make quite sure that the worshipped ‘ god ’ , herein called the ‘ Created God ’ remains a separate creation of the post-life world , that is , a product of life , equally with humanity itself .
mankind must keep an open mind on this , but must also make quite sure that the worshipped ‘ god ’ , [here] called the ‘ created god ’ remains a separate creation of the post-life world , that is , a product of life , equally with humanity itself .

The hypothesis of the nature and origin of the Created God as has been expounded herein provides a means whereby God can be defined and given an origin in evolutionary terms , and from there on in broader terms to embrace human civilisation .
the hypothesis of the nature and origin of the created god as has been expounded [here] provides a means whereby god can be defined and given an origin in evolutionary terms , and from there on in broader terms to embrace human civilisation .

Some individuals have made minute contributions , each measured as equal to the single unit of ‘ goodness ’ which is defined herein as the unit contributed by evolution .
some individuals have made minute contributions , each measured as equal to the single unit of ‘ goodness ’ which is defined [here] as the unit contributed by evolution .

The manner in which the human race has , over many centuries ascribed to Jesus Christ a host of teachings , miraculous powers of healing , identity with a'-god ’ , the power of survival after death and other extraordinary qualities , consistently supports the contention , reiterated herein , that humanity is instinctively aware that it must itself produce its God .
the manner in which the human race has , over many centuries ascribed to jesus christ a host of teachings , miraculous powers of healing , identity with a'-god ’ , the power of survival after death and other extraordinary qualities , consistently supports the contention , reiterated [here] , that humanity is instinctively aware that it must itself produce its god .

That he himself became deified lends credence to the concept of the Created God as herein defined , and to the assertion that mankind needs a ‘ god ’ .
that he himself became deified lends credence to the concept of the created god as [here] defined , and to the assertion that mankind needs a ‘ god ’ .

The argument herein has been to point to a range of images , which focused not so much on sociological types ( conformist and delinquent behaviour ) , but on those pertaining to occupations , education , and the psychological state of ‘ personality ’ .
the argument [here] has been to point to a range of images , which focused not so much on sociological types ( conformist and delinquent behaviour ) , but on those pertaining to occupations , education , and the psychological state of ‘ personality ’ .

Herein perhaps lies the reason why feet have been so downgraded in our religious life .
[here] perhaps lies the reason why feet have been so downgraded in our religious life .

These topics are beyond the scope of this guide and , thus , are not discussed herein .
these topics are beyond the scope of this guide and , thus , are not discussed [here] .

Federal mission PP & E is limited to those items specifically identified herein as well as any other items exhibiting at least one characteristic from each of the two groups listed .
federal mission pp & e is limited to those items specifically identified [here] as well as any other items exhibiting at least one characteristic from each of the two groups listed .

GAO 's congressional policies and protocols apply to all investigative work conducted by the Office of Special Investigations unless an exception is specified herein or noted in advance .
gao 's congressional policies and protocols apply to all investigative work conducted by the office of special investigations unless an exception is specified [here] or noted in advance .

These topics are beyond the scope of this guide and , thus , are not discussed herein .
these topics are beyond the scope of this guide and , thus , are not discussed [here] .

LSC will only adopt a different configuration based upon good and substantial reasons clearly articulated in writing and tied to the specific standards enumerated herein .
lsc will only adopt a different configuration based upon good and substantial reasons clearly articulated in writing and tied to the specific standards enumerated [here] .

When the methods are used for non-regulatory purposes , the variability criteria herein are recommended but are not required , and their use ( or the use of alternative variability criteria ) may depend upon the intended uses of the test results and the requirements of any applicable data quality objectives and quality assurance plan .
when the methods are used for non-regulatory purposes , the variability criteria [here] are recommended but are not required , and their use ( or the use of alternative variability criteria ) may depend upon the intended uses of the test results and the requirements of any applicable data quality objectives and quality assurance plan .

When the methods are used for non-regulatory purposes , the variability criteria herein are recommended but are not required , and their use ( or the use of alternative variability criteria ) may depend upon the intended uses of the test results and the requirements of any applicable data quality objectives and quality assurance plan .
when the methods are used for non-regulatory purposes , the variability criteria [here] are recommended but are not required , and their use ( or the use of alternative variability criteria ) may depend upon the intended uses of the test results and the requirements of any applicable data quality objectives and quality assurance plan .

Pursuant to subsection ( d ) , the Administrator shall allocate allowances from the reserve established herein under until the earlier of such time as all such allowances in the reserve are allocated or December 31 , 1999 .
pursuant to subsection ( d ) , the administrator shall allocate allowances from the reserve established [here] under until the earlier of such time as all such allowances in the reserve are allocated or december 31 , 1999 .

The views expressed herein are his own and do not necessarily represent those of the Commission or any of its members .
the views expressed [here] are his own and do not necessarily represent those of the commission or any of its members .

Herein are highlights of our findings ( see Appendix XX for a complete list and descriptions of sexual acts , including oral copulation , mutual masturbation , and lewd and lascivious conduct with a cylindrical smoking device in violation of D.C. criminal code statute 531.6b ) .
[here] are highlights of our findings ( see appendix xx for a complete list and descriptions of sexual acts , including oral copulation , mutual masturbation , and lewd and lascivious conduct with a cylindrical smoking device in violation of d.c. criminal code statute 531.6b ) .

Few of the images herein predate the turn of the century by much .
few of the images [here] predate the turn of the century by much .

The words or terms included herein comprise a mere cross-section , a sampler of the language of rural America , these coming only from the smallest state .
the words or terms included [here] comprise a mere cross-section , a sampler of the language of rural america , these coming only from the smallest state .

My understanding is that when a check , for example , is placed within the fold of its cover letter , it is properly referred to as being enclosed -- or enclosed herein .
my understanding is that when a check , for example , is placed within the fold of its cover letter , it is properly referred to as being enclosed -- or enclosed [here] .

The Law impressed a special meaning on many Anglo-Saxon words -- manslaughter , sheriff , theft , hearsay , bench ( judge 's ) , strike ( motion to ) , landlord , freehold ( in land ) , and herein -- which they retain to this day .
the law impressed a special meaning on many anglo-saxon words -- manslaughter , sheriff , theft , hearsay , bench ( judge 's ) , strike ( motion to ) , landlord , freehold ( in land ) , and [here] -- which they retain to this day .

Lawyers ' stand-bys such as aforesaid , forthwith , hereafter , hereby , herein , hereinafter , and even the ubiquitous said are condemned by the author as “ tricky , ducking , bobbing words , ’ “ flabby words , ’ whose only claim to precision is their traditional use , not worth saving .
lawyers ' stand-bys such as aforesaid , forthwith , hereafter , hereby , [here] , hereinafter , and even the ubiquitous said are condemned by the author as “ tricky , ducking , bobbing words , ’ “ flabby words , ’ whose only claim to precision is their traditional use , not worth saving .

Herein , names are most often associated with disease rather than deliverance .
[here] , names are most often associated with disease rather than deliverance .

