It would challenge sharply not the cult of the motor car itself but some of its ancillary beliefs and practices -- for instance , the doctrine that the fulfillment of life consists in proceeding from hither to yon , not for any advantage to be gained by arrival but merely to avoid the cardinal sin of stasis , or , as it is generally termed , staying put .
it would challenge sharply not the cult of the motor car itself but some of its ancillary beliefs and practices -- for instance , the doctrine that the fulfillment of life consists in proceeding from [here] to yon , not for any advantage to be gained by arrival but merely to avoid the cardinal sin of stasis , or , as it is generally termed , staying put .

On December 21 , the day that the Irish House of Commons petitioned for removal of Sir Constantine Phipps , their Tory Lord Chancellor , Molesworth reportedly made this remark on the defense of Phipps by Convocation : `` They that have turned the world upside down , are come hither also '' .
on december 21 , the day that the irish house of commons petitioned for removal of sir constantine phipps , their tory lord chancellor , molesworth reportedly made this remark on the defense of phipps by convocation : `` they that have turned the world upside down , are come [here] also '' .

‘ Taken in trespass on the hither side of Severn ? ’
‘ taken in trespass on the [here] side of severn ? ’

‘ Taken in trespass on the hither side of my own guard , your reverence , if the whole truth be told . ’
‘ taken in trespass on the [here] side of my own guard , your reverence , if the whole truth be told . ’

But it was already obvious that the horn blast had come from elsewhere entirely — not from the Halfling camp or even from the human regiments of the Empire army , but from the fierce goblin Wolf Riders who were hacking and biting at will as Halflings ran hither and thither in blind panic .
but it was already obvious that the horn blast had come from elsewhere entirely — not from the halfling camp or even from the human regiments of the empire army , but from the fierce goblin wolf riders who were hacking and biting at will as halflings ran [here] and thither in blind panic .

He says his gait , too , was like that of a roe , starting hither and thither , not staying , not stopping ; he was brain-sick .
he says his gait , too , was like that of a roe , starting [here] and thither , not staying , not stopping ; he was brain-sick .

Eärendil 's star appears to be a victory-emblem , ‘ the Flammifer of Westernesse ’ , and yet is associated with loss and homelessness , with the weeping of women on the ‘ Hither Shore ’ .
eärendil 's star appears to be a victory-emblem , ‘ the flammifer of westernesse ’ , and yet is associated with loss and homelessness , with the weeping of women on the ‘ [here] shore ’ .

He marvelled at the girl 's patience as her charge ran hither and thither , collecting shells and seaweed , splashing in the waves at the water 's edge , letting out little shrieks of excitement and then relapsing into relative quietness when food and drink were produced out of a knapsack .
he marvelled at the girl 's patience as her charge ran [here] and thither , collecting shells and seaweed , splashing in the waves at the water 's edge , letting out little shrieks of excitement and then relapsing into relative quietness when food and drink were produced out of a knapsack .

Had even Jaq 's plasma blast truly damaged the beast — or simply stimulated it , spraying elements of it hither and yon ?
had even jaq 's plasma blast truly damaged the beast — or simply stimulated it , spraying elements of it [here] and yon ?

The danger is of a breakdown , in the disorientation of excess of information , the compass needle going wild as multiple pulls drag it hither and thither , and then a self-defensive shutting off of information and lapse into irrationalism .
the danger is of a breakdown , in the disorientation of excess of information , the compass needle going wild as multiple pulls drag it [here] and thither , and then a self-defensive shutting off of information and lapse into irrationalism .

To sift the good from the bad in the daily onset taxes all our wits … no use battling against such a stream ; all the shouting , the crying and the spluttering of all times have not arrested it , nor will they , for rubbish is necessary ... thistledown blown hither and thither by the wind .
to sift the good from the bad in the daily onset taxes all our wits … no use battling against such a stream ; all the shouting , the crying and the spluttering of all times have not arrested it , nor will they , for rubbish is necessary ... thistledown blown [here] and thither by the wind .

As he rushes hither and thither , his note-books become crammed with an amazing collection of miscellaneous information which is so diverse and uneven that it gives colour to and so in a way explains Robert Lowie 's famous definition of culture as a ‘ thing of shreds and patches ’ .
as he rushes [here] and thither , his note-books become crammed with an amazing collection of miscellaneous information which is so diverse and uneven that it gives colour to and so in a way explains robert lowie 's famous definition of culture as a ‘ thing of shreds and patches ’ .

Insectile service vehicles crept hither and thither among serpentine feed lines , while filthy drones and animate mechanics crawled over partly dismantled ships .
insectile service vehicles crept [here] and thither among serpentine feed lines , while filthy drones and animate mechanics crawled over partly dismantled ships .

Today even more reduction has taken place : now the more pedantically-minded geographers dispense with talk of any subdivisions , perhaps hesitating to diminish so mighty a feature of the globe by paring it apart and apportioning its sections hither and yon .
today even more reduction has taken place : now the more pedantically-minded geographers dispense with talk of any subdivisions , perhaps hesitating to diminish so mighty a feature of the globe by paring it apart and apportioning its sections [here] and yon .

Bonnie Prince Charlie had a price of thirty thousand pounds on his head when he was being ferried hither and yon across many isles and sea-lochs of the Hebrides , and yet , and yet — the people of the west , such as Flora Macdonald and Malcolm Macleod of Raasay , risked their lives for a man they must have known in their hearts was a lost cause .
bonnie prince charlie had a price of thirty thousand pounds on his head when he was being ferried [here] and yon across many isles and sea-lochs of the hebrides , and yet , and yet — the people of the west , such as flora macdonald and malcolm macleod of raasay , risked their lives for a man they must have known in their hearts was a lost cause .

God finger-flips the blubbery jail hither and thither like a war-game admiral nudging his fleet across maps of the sea .
god finger-flips the blubbery jail [here] and thither like a war-game admiral nudging his fleet across maps of the sea .

They are shunted from one set of rails to another ; turn-tables spin them round until they can be run upon any particular line ; by means of capstans and ropes the loaded trucks are warped this way or that ; and tank engines push them hither and thither .
they are shunted from one set of rails to another ; turn-tables spin them round until they can be run upon any particular line ; by means of capstans and ropes the loaded trucks are warped this way or that ; and tank engines push them [here] and thither .

This is how he was described by one of his courtiers , Walter Map : `` Whatever way he goes out he is seized upon by the crowds and pulled hither and thither , pushed whither he would not and yet , surprising to say , he listens to each man with patience , and though assaulted by all with shouts and pullings and rough pushings , does not threaten anyone because of it , nor show any sign of anger ; only , when he is hustled beyond bearing , he silently retreats to some place of quiet . ``
this is how he was described by one of his courtiers , walter map : `` whatever way he goes out he is seized upon by the crowds and pulled [here] and thither , pushed whither he would not and yet , surprising to say , he listens to each man with patience , and though assaulted by all with shouts and pullings and rough pushings , does not threaten anyone because of it , nor show any sign of anger ; only , when he is hustled beyond bearing , he silently retreats to some place of quiet . ``

None of these projects had been completed He ran hither and thither between the shelves of Eng .
none of these projects had been completed he ran [here] and thither between the shelves of eng .

His chapters on `` Sleep `` and `` Reverie `` , for instance , informed Coleridge 's development of ideas about dramatic illusion , and his evolutionist ideas found expression in Wordsworth 's Ode `` Intimations of Immortality from Recollections of early Childhood `` : Though inland far we be , Our souls have sight of that immortal sea Which brought us hither .
his chapters on `` sleep `` and `` reverie `` , for instance , informed coleridge 's development of ideas about dramatic illusion , and his evolutionist ideas found expression in wordsworth 's ode `` intimations of immortality from recollections of early childhood `` : though inland far we be , our souls have sight of that immortal sea which brought us [here] .

Sister Beatrice , under the impression that Topaz was bringing out the hither to suppressed goodness in Lovat , encouraged her .
sister beatrice , under the impression that topaz was bringing out the [here] to suppressed goodness in lovat , encouraged her .

He wraps around himself the dusty patchwork cloak of his invisibility and the heralds gallop hither and yon in vain .
he wraps around himself the dusty patchwork cloak of his invisibility and the heralds gallop [here] and yon in vain .

Apparently it has been similar to the crew of a huge tanker somewhere on the high seas sailing hither and tither no doubt , for four long years after setting out , and returning just in time for the recent elections .
apparently it has been similar to the crew of a huge tanker somewhere on the high seas sailing [here] and tither no doubt , for four long years after setting out , and returning just in time for the recent elections .

‘ Come hither , Rincewind , ’ said the Patrician .
‘ come [here] , rincewind , ’ said the patrician .

So the price may be tossed hither and thither like a shuttlecock , as one side or the other gets the better in the ‘ higgling and bargaining ’ of the market .
so the price may be tossed [here] and thither like a shuttlecock , as one side or the other gets the better in the ‘ higgling and bargaining ’ of the market .

High red serpents swayed up to hang for a lingering minute and fade ; busy green heads with white tails thrashed hither and thither and then dived to death .
high red serpents swayed up to hang for a lingering minute and fade ; busy green heads with white tails thrashed [here] and thither and then dived to death .

Hither thither crying day and night
[here] thither crying day and night

He says , ‘ Fetch the will hither , and we shall determine how to cut off some charge in legacies .
he says , ‘ fetch the will [here] , and we shall determine how to cut off some charge in legacies .

True , it would suit her very well just now to be darting hither and thither between Hertford and York .
true , it would suit her very well just now to be darting [here] and thither between hertford and york .

There must be an answer ; and my mind started running hither and thither putting forward suggestions , quotations , ideas …
there must be an answer ; and my mind started running [here] and thither putting forward suggestions , quotations , ideas …

Soon the cat appeared , and enchanted anew by the sight beneath the door of little legs running hither and thither , began expertly to grope .
soon the cat appeared , and enchanted anew by the sight beneath the door of little legs running [here] and thither , began expertly to grope .

Jubilee day dawned with little puffs of warm air carrying the dandelion clocks hither and thither and turning the leaves on the trees inside out .
jubilee day dawned with little puffs of warm air carrying the dandelion clocks [here] and thither and turning the leaves on the trees inside out .

He ran hither and thither between the shelves of Eng .
he ran [here] and thither between the shelves of eng .

Autumn is blown hither and thither by an ever-changing tempestuous wind .
autumn is blown [here] and thither by an ever-changing tempestuous wind .

The waves that rush hither from Kahiki ,
the waves that rush [here] from kahiki ,

Images of that immortal sea , of children sporting on the shore and the mighty waters rolling evermore , are not so much allusions to what brought us hither , as Wordsworth would have it , but reminders to book this year 's holiday to the Costa del Sol or the Bahamas .
images of that immortal sea , of children sporting on the shore and the mighty waters rolling evermore , are not so much allusions to what brought us [here] , as wordsworth would have it , but reminders to book this year 's holiday to the costa del sol or the bahamas .

In a frenzy , the ants ( teachers , ‘ management ’ ) rush hither and thither .
in a frenzy , the ants ( teachers , ‘ management ’ ) rush [here] and thither .

The specialists tend to live rather quiet , often secretive lives , while the opportunists scamper hither and thither , always on the lookout for a new kind of meal .
the specialists tend to live rather quiet , often secretive lives , while the opportunists scamper [here] and thither , always on the lookout for a new kind of meal .

Panic then . The entire household running hither and thither , gathering belongings ; women screaming …
panic then . the entire household running [here] and thither , gathering belongings ; women screaming …

According to a hospital spokesman , it is an old policy maintained by most hospitals to make clear that staff should not be expected to sacrifice the care of sick patients in the ER to go hither and yon .
according to a hospital spokesman , it is an old policy maintained by most hospitals to make clear that staff should not be expected to sacrifice the care of sick patients in the er to go [here] and yon .

