A wheel squeaked on a hub , was still , and squeaked again .
a wheel squeaked on a [area] , was still , and squeaked again .

Hub was sitting in a chair that blocked the hall door .
[area] was sitting in a chair that blocked the hall door .

Hub picked up the telephone .
[area] picked up the telephone .

Hub considered .
[area] considered .

Hub shook his head so Andy told him not to bother .
[area] shook his head so andy told him not to bother .

Hub , nosing about , spotted reporters in the lobby , so Andy was hustled away quietly through the hotel's service entrance in a strange car which Hub had procured somewhere .
[area] , nosing about , spotted reporters in the lobby , so andy was hustled away quietly through the hotel's service entrance in a strange car which [area] had procured somewhere .

Hub , you stick by the stage door .
[area] , you stick by the stage door .

Hub was there to support him .
[area] was there to support him .

`` Bunch of damn jerks '' , Hub growled .
`` bunch of damn jerks '' , [area] growled .

Andy had no desire to linger himself but Hub reported that the mob outside was still large despite the efforts of the police to disperse them .
andy had no desire to linger himself but [area] reported that the mob outside was still large despite the efforts of the police to disperse them .

Hub caps .
[area] caps .

Amato 's Socialist Party is the focus of an inquiry into the corrupt awarding of public works contracts centred on Milan , the country 's financial hub .
amato 's socialist party is the focus of an inquiry into the corrupt awarding of public works contracts centred on milan , the country 's financial [area] .

He said : ‘ Our future expansion programme is frozen , because without a Glasgow bridgehead sites further north would be too isolated from the central hub of our business .
he said : ‘ our future expansion programme is frozen , because without a glasgow bridgehead sites further north would be too isolated from the central [area] of our business .

We do rather think of ourselves in this area as ‘ Medaus out in the sticks ’ , being a long way from the hub , so to speak .
we do rather think of ourselves in this area as ‘ medaus out in the sticks ’ , being a long way from the [area] , so to speak .

We told them how our oldest member , 91-year-old Mr. Hunt , takes unfailing care of our security , and sits at the hub of the affair providing a whole intelligence service for us as well .
we told them how our oldest member , 91-year-old mr. hunt , takes unfailing care of our security , and sits at the [area] of the affair providing a whole intelligence service for us as well .

The bid is aimed at making the town centre the hub of business and community activities and includes schemes for a theatre , leisure pool and arts complex .
the bid is aimed at making the town centre the [area] of business and community activities and includes schemes for a theatre , leisure pool and arts complex .

It will be spent on a number of projects intended to make the town centre the hub for commerce and culture .
it will be spent on a number of projects intended to make the town centre the [area] for commerce and culture .

Continuing expansion of those services both supports and is reinforced by the airports authority 's ‘ Manchester Connects ’ policy which promotes Manchester as an international hub .
continuing expansion of those services both supports and is reinforced by the airports authority 's ‘ manchester connects ’ policy which promotes manchester as an international [area] .

‘ The hub initiative is continuing to generate high yield traffic and the growing number of transfer passengers in October illustrates the growing popularity of Manchester as a key connecting point , claimed Thompson .
‘ the [area] initiative is continuing to generate high yield traffic and the growing number of transfer passengers in october illustrates the growing popularity of manchester as a key connecting point , claimed thompson .

Teamwork at the hub of Europe
teamwork at the [area] of europe

Belgium will form the hub of the community through Brussels and theirs will be a bureaucratic role ;
belgium will form the [area] of the community through brussels and theirs will be a bureaucratic role ;

Her mother and the kitchen were the hub around which life revolved .
her mother and the kitchen were the [area] around which life revolved .

Beneficial bacteria notably Nitrosomonas and Nitrobacter species are the ‘ hub ’ of the Nitrogen cycle responsible for conversion of fish waste — ammonia — to the least toxic nitrogen product called nitrate .
beneficial bacteria notably nitrosomonas and nitrobacter species are the ‘ [area] ’ of the nitrogen cycle responsible for conversion of fish waste — ammonia — to the least toxic nitrogen product called nitrate .

Central to Thorngumbald was the blacksmith 's shop , hub of working activity for a large area , now rebuilt as a modern garage but still owned by the fourth generation of Willinghams .
central to thorngumbald was the blacksmith 's shop , [area] of working activity for a large area , now rebuilt as a modern garage but still owned by the fourth generation of willinghams .

It was obvious that the Union Jack Club was , to its members anyway , the local hub of the far-flung British Empire .
it was obvious that the union jack club was , to its members anyway , the local [area] of the far-flung british empire .

Strachan was at the hub of a spellbinding 4-1 triumph that underlined his inspirational effect on Leeds ' push for the title .
strachan was at the [area] of a spellbinding 4-1 triumph that underlined his inspirational effect on leeds ' push for the title .

And with a history of political stability , business freedom and international competitiveness ideal for business to grow and prosper , Singapore has established itself as an excellent telecommunications hub and global business centre .
and with a history of political stability , business freedom and international competitiveness ideal for business to grow and prosper , singapore has established itself as an excellent telecommunications [area] and global business centre .

‘ In the City 's heart ; a new hub and oasis ?
‘ in the city 's heart ; a new [area] and oasis ?

Designed to become the new hub of the City , the layout and technology of Minster Court foresees the demands of the world markets well into the 21st century .
designed to become the new [area] of the city , the layout and technology of minster court foresees the demands of the world markets well into the 21st century .

It was not in the hub of theatreland , and its audiences probably never read the papers , or not those which mattered .
it was not in the [area] of theatreland , and its audiences probably never read the papers , or not those which mattered .

The rest of Rutland , of which it was the administrative as well as commercial hub , was measurably richer at £6.5 per capita , the slight tendency to a concentration of wealth at the top of the town community being offset by an exceptionally high proportion ( for this shire ) of labourers and poor men .
the rest of rutland , of which it was the administrative as well as commercial [area] , was measurably richer at £6.5 per capita , the slight tendency to a concentration of wealth at the top of the town community being offset by an exceptionally high proportion ( for this shire ) of labourers and poor men .

Bury St Edmunds , hub of the ancient Liberty of St Edmund , with well in excess of 3,000 inhabitants , had fewer labourers and a higher proportion of middling and richer men than its immediate environs ; but this apart , there was little to chose between town and country , except at the top of the scale , despite a Hawstead knight 's £500 in the latter .
bury st edmunds , [area] of the ancient liberty of st edmund , with well in excess of 3,000 inhabitants , had fewer labourers and a higher proportion of middling and richer men than its immediate environs ; but this apart , there was little to chose between town and country , except at the top of the scale , despite a hawstead knight 's £500 in the latter .

Mickie told of some problems in helicopters , such as the pull on the blades at the hub of a Bristol-built helicopter in flight was equal to the draw bar pull of three main line locomotives .
mickie told of some problems in helicopters , such as the pull on the blades at the [area] of a bristol-built helicopter in flight was equal to the draw bar pull of three main line locomotives .

With the formation of the East Lincolnshire Railway Company in 1848 , Louth became an important junction , for in 1874 , together with other branch lines , it became like the hub of a wheel , with its main line from Grimsby to Boston , Spalding and Peterborough running north and south , the branch going south-east to Sutton on Sea , Mablethorpe and Skegness , and the Louth-Bardney branch going west through the Lincolnshire Wolds towards Bardney and Lincoln .
with the formation of the east lincolnshire railway company in 1848 , louth became an important junction , for in 1874 , together with other branch lines , it became like the [area] of a wheel , with its main line from grimsby to boston , spalding and peterborough running north and south , the branch going south-east to sutton on sea , mablethorpe and skegness , and the louth-bardney branch going west through the lincolnshire wolds towards bardney and lincoln .

Heathrow is rapidly turning into a ‘ hub and spoke ’ airport with international passengers using it to change planes for other destinations .
heathrow is rapidly turning into a ‘ [area] and spoke ’ airport with international passengers using it to change planes for other destinations .

And the player so often on the periphery of affairs with England is now the hub of a revitalised Liverpool .
and the player so often on the periphery of affairs with england is now the [area] of a revitalised liverpool .

But the real hub of the problem is not a personality but the French farmers who are holding the world to ransom .
but the real [area] of the problem is not a personality but the french farmers who are holding the world to ransom .

The hub of such localised society was the small market centre , grouped in a hierarchy of towns within the county .
the [area] of such localised society was the small market centre , grouped in a hierarchy of towns within the county .

Thoughtfully moulded , futuristic and mindscaping , ‘ Vantool ’ is a bit of a headphone gem , the mild-mannered title track lines up against the gentle caressing ‘ Hub ’ and the mystical revelations of ‘ Rainbow Bridge ’ .
thoughtfully moulded , futuristic and mindscaping , ‘ vantool ’ is a bit of a headphone gem , the mild-mannered title track lines up against the gentle caressing ‘ [area] ’ and the mystical revelations of ‘ rainbow bridge ’ .

Ironically , it was in the two countries , France and West Germany , which Schuman had seen as the hub of his scheme that the most vocal opposition was expressed .
ironically , it was in the two countries , france and west germany , which schuman had seen as the [area] of his scheme that the most vocal opposition was expressed .

If Grimbergen is closed , and developed as a residential area , or even worse , if factories are built there , the loss of a convenient airfield to attract business and executive aircraft will be far reaching to the ‘ hub of Europe ’ , ie Brussels .
if grimbergen is closed , and developed as a residential area , or even worse , if factories are built there , the loss of a convenient airfield to attract business and executive aircraft will be far reaching to the ‘ [area] of europe ’ , ie brussels .

‘ To get here ? In a ship like this , it should n't have taken you more than eight from the central hub . ’
‘ to get here ? in a ship like this , it should n't have taken you more than eight from the central [area] . ’

Special kugle ich hub gabakt .
special kugle ich [area] gabakt .

And Mars travelled a million miles through space around the distant hub of the sun .
and mars travelled a million miles through space around the distant [area] of the sun .

The concept reared up fully formed : the sparkling snowflake of Steel City fragmenting from the hub of fire , spilling bodies into vacuum , the debris plunging flaming spears of fall-out on to the dense towns of Earth .
the concept reared up fully formed : the sparkling snowflake of steel city fragmenting from the [area] of fire , spilling bodies into vacuum , the debris plunging flaming spears of fall-out on to the dense towns of earth .

Nine hundred years earlier , the great hall had been the hub of castle life : wolfhounds ate on floors strewn with rushes ; servants slept on straw pallets thrown on the floor .
nine hundred years earlier , the great hall had been the [area] of castle life : wolfhounds ate on floors strewn with rushes ; servants slept on straw pallets thrown on the floor .

The key factor in the overall course of British economic development has been the particular , even unique , class character of British capitalism in the division between industrial and finance capital which has itself entailed a spatial division between the industrial provinces and the metropolitan hub of finance and commerce .
the key factor in the overall course of british economic development has been the particular , even unique , class character of british capitalism in the division between industrial and finance capital which has itself entailed a spatial division between the industrial provinces and the metropolitan [area] of finance and commerce .

The hub of my life is hunger .
the [area] of my life is hunger .

The Doctor immediately threw his weight into the steering wheel and floored the accelerator , sending the battered car down the street at a lopsided angle , the exposed wheel hub throwing up a constant stream of sparks .
the doctor immediately threw his weight into the steering wheel and floored the accelerator , sending the battered car down the street at a lopsided angle , the exposed wheel [area] throwing up a constant stream of sparks .

Finally , models of care management must be tracked carefully and evaluated to show whether brokerage is the hub or the rub of community care .
finally , models of care management must be tracked carefully and evaluated to show whether brokerage is the [area] or the rub of community care .

The hub of the prompting system is a database which sends requests to patients asking them to provide blood and urine samples for random plasma glucose , glycated haemoglobin , and albumin estimations ( fig 1 ) .
the [area] of the prompting system is a database which sends requests to patients asking them to provide blood and urine samples for random plasma glucose , glycated haemoglobin , and albumin estimations ( fig 1 ) .

Thirty spokes Share one hub .
thirty spokes share one [area] .

The transportation of useful plants from one part of the world to another had begun in the eighteenth century , and we saw in the previous chapter how Kew Gardens became the hub of the British empire 's efforts to replace indigenous species with imported ones of greater commercial value .
the transportation of useful plants from one part of the world to another had begun in the eighteenth century , and we saw in the previous chapter how kew gardens became the [area] of the british empire 's efforts to replace indigenous species with imported ones of greater commercial value .

It was the hub of activity in milk delivery and milk churns were a feature of every station .
it was the [area] of activity in milk delivery and milk churns were a feature of every station .

The railway station became the hub of the community within a certain surrounding radius .
the railway station became the [area] of the community within a certain surrounding radius .

There may also be bright rays , roughly resembling the spokes of a wheel radiating from the crater ‘ hub ’ .
there may also be bright rays , roughly resembling the spokes of a wheel radiating from the crater ‘ [area] ’ .

There was no hub and there were no spokes ; in fact , the whole of the centre of the Wheel was clear of any obstruction .
there was no [area] and there were no spokes ; in fact , the whole of the centre of the wheel was clear of any obstruction .

In the latter , Orpheus occupies his usual position , at the `` hub `` of the design .
in the latter , orpheus occupies his usual position , at the `` [area] `` of the design .

From the hub of the design radiate four spokes of simple guilloche , which traverse an inner , circular band and eventually meet the rim of the wheel .
from the [area] of the design radiate four spokes of simple guilloche , which traverse an inner , circular band and eventually meet the rim of the wheel .

Money is at the hub of every transaction , and you must proceed with the utmost care and skill when dealing with it .
money is at the [area] of every transaction , and you must proceed with the utmost care and skill when dealing with it .

Bordered on three sides by palatial arcades , and faced on the other by the Basilica of St Mark , the huge square seemed to be the hub of Venice .
bordered on three sides by palatial arcades , and faced on the other by the basilica of st mark , the huge square seemed to be the [area] of venice .

The eighty-five lots of the Borsum Collection of German faience will form the hub of this sale of Continental ceramics and glass .
the eighty-five lots of the borsum collection of german faience will form the [area] of this sale of continental ceramics and glass .

The bikes are of a high standard touring bike — some without gears , some with three hub gears , and usually backpedal brakes .
the bikes are of a high standard touring bike — some without gears , some with three [area] gears , and usually backpedal brakes .

Spend some time in Kuala Lumpur , the hub of the country , and discover the opulence , the squalor , the old and the new , all standing cheek by jowl and forming a massive , crazy , but undeniably fascinating , whole .
spend some time in kuala lumpur , the [area] of the country , and discover the opulence , the squalor , the old and the new , all standing cheek by jowl and forming a massive , crazy , but undeniably fascinating , whole .

The hub of the City 's cultural life is the Royal Centre .
the [area] of the city 's cultural life is the royal centre .

Within this perspective , the need to develop in every child a facility with skills of study , library use and information handling was clearly significant , as was some ideal of a fully integrated , centralised resources centre which would provide a hub for the wide range of activities comprising the curriculum .
within this perspective , the need to develop in every child a facility with skills of study , library use and information handling was clearly significant , as was some ideal of a fully integrated , centralised resources centre which would provide a [area] for the wide range of activities comprising the curriculum .

This large village is the hub of 140 miles of marked crosscountry trails , winding through forests , over meadows and alongside frozen lakes .
this large village is the [area] of 140 miles of marked crosscountry trails , winding through forests , over meadows and alongside frozen lakes .

Even to this hub of metropolitan life the afternoon calm extended .
even to this [area] of metropolitan life the afternoon calm extended .

Her house at Cape Cod had a huge kitchen that was the hub of the house .
her house at cape cod had a huge kitchen that was the [area] of the house .

This includes the rotor hub .
this includes the rotor [area] .

The opening of the Eurohub in July marks the first purpose built hub terminal in Europe and offers fast and comprehensive service to all European destinations .
the opening of the eurohub in july marks the first purpose built [area] terminal in europe and offers fast and comprehensive service to all european destinations .

Because it is the hub of so many activities , Edinburgh has excellent communications .
because it is the [area] of so many activities , edinburgh has excellent communications .

It is also the hub of a worldwide management development network .
it is also the [area] of a worldwide management development network .

Its inhabitants liked to call it the Woldopolis and to regard it as the hub of life in that part of the East Riding .
its inhabitants liked to call it the woldopolis and to regard it as the [area] of life in that part of the east riding .

Pete rushed off and fetched his big crayons and Mum showed him how to colour the middle of the wheels to make hub caps .
pete rushed off and fetched his big crayons and mum showed him how to colour the middle of the wheels to make [area] caps .

But he vowed : ‘ This bomb will not deter us from putting Portadown back on the map as the hub of the north .
but he vowed : ‘ this bomb will not deter us from putting portadown back on the map as the [area] of the north .

The school is located 5 minutes walk from Plaza Cataluna which is the hub of the city 's communication system ( metro , bus , etc. ) ; it is within easy walking distance of the Ramblas and the medieval quarter .
the school is located 5 minutes walk from plaza cataluna which is the [area] of the city 's communication system ( metro , bus , etc. ) ; it is within easy walking distance of the ramblas and the medieval quarter .

The room was crowded , the hub of conversation mingling with the soft strains of music that issued from overhead speakers .
the room was crowded , the [area] of conversation mingling with the soft strains of music that issued from overhead speakers .

‘ The Hub Gate , you say ? ’ he murmured .
‘ the [area] gate , you say ? ’ he murmured .

Most of them were from the barbaric tribes nearer the frozen Hub , which had a sort of export trade in heroes .
most of them were from the barbaric tribes nearer the frozen [area] , which had a sort of export trade in heroes .

The only heroes he had much time for were Bravd and the Weasel , who were out of town at the moment , and Hrun the Barbarian , who was practically an academic by Hub standards in that he could think without moving his lips .
the only heroes he had much time for were bravd and the weasel , who were out of town at the moment , and hrun the barbarian , who was practically an academic by [area] standards in that he could think without moving his lips .

Or perhaps , again , the most magnificent sight is the Hub .
or perhaps , again , the most magnificent sight is the [area] .

He was n't sure which way the Hub lay , but there seemed to be an old track of sorts leading away between the trees .
he was n't sure which way the [area] lay , but there seemed to be an old track of sorts leading away between the trees .

Near the Hub less satisfactory alternatives were available .
near the [area] less satisfactory alternatives were available .

Britain remains the hub of international publishing .
britain remains the [area] of international publishing .

As Dr Turnbull has pointed out , it is hardly meaningful to talk of a trans-regional network before 1810.42 Significantly it was Birmingham rather than London which was the hub .
as dr turnbull has pointed out , it is hardly meaningful to talk of a trans-regional network before 1810.42 significantly it was birmingham rather than london which was the [area] .

Each airline had a single airport ( the hub ) , out of which long-haul flights operated .
each airline had a single airport ( the [area] ) , out of which long-haul flights operated .

They operated a system of feeder services ( the spokes ) to get you to the hub .
they operated a system of feeder services ( the spokes ) to get you to the [area] .

Resolving medical problems , admonishing the transgressors of rules , arbitrating disputes , cracking jokes with a deadpan expression on his face , Guruji is clearly the hub of this community and the force that holds it together .
resolving medical problems , admonishing the transgressors of rules , arbitrating disputes , cracking jokes with a deadpan expression on his face , guruji is clearly the [area] of this community and the force that holds it together .

The most violent rioting was in Chimwemwe , a sprawling impoverished township on the outskirts of Kitwe : the hub of the Copperbelt .
the most violent rioting was in chimwemwe , a sprawling impoverished township on the outskirts of kitwe : the [area] of the copperbelt .

For centuries cities such as Damascus and Aleppo were at the hub of the regional economy .
for centuries cities such as damascus and aleppo were at the [area] of the regional economy .

Huge development is taking place in the centre of Lille to create a rail hub for the whole of northern Europe .
huge development is taking place in the centre of lille to create a rail [area] for the whole of northern europe .

At the hub of many passages , many roadways .
at the [area] of many passages , many roadways .

Toledo was of no military value to the Nationalist advance , but it had considerable religious , historic and emotional significance , for it was the seat of the head of the Catholic Church in Spain and had once been the hub of the Spanish empire .
toledo was of no military value to the nationalist advance , but it had considerable religious , historic and emotional significance , for it was the seat of the head of the catholic church in spain and had once been the [area] of the spanish empire .

The appearance of clear cerebrospinal fluid in the needle hub confirmed correct placement of the needle in the lateral cerebral ventricle .
the appearance of clear cerebrospinal fluid in the needle [area] confirmed correct placement of the needle in the lateral cerebral ventricle .

From the hub of the operation , the Ilopango Air Base in El Salvador , creaking aircraft flew supplies to the contras ' northern front billetted in Honduras .
from the [area] of the operation , the ilopango air base in el salvador , creaking aircraft flew supplies to the contras ' northern front billetted in honduras .

The supposed hub of this resupply operation was a top-secret overgrown airstrip at Santa Elena , in Costa Rica , said to have been the landing strip for Somoza 's aircraft when he stayed at his farm nearby .
the supposed [area] of this resupply operation was a top-secret overgrown airstrip at santa elena , in costa rica , said to have been the landing strip for somoza 's aircraft when he stayed at his farm nearby .

Tekek 's hub is its pier , rooted in a cluster of little cafes serving fish , omelettes , noodles and rice .
tekek 's [area] is its pier , rooted in a cluster of little cafes serving fish , omelettes , noodles and rice .

This was the hub of her universe and here the family assembled after a day 's work , in the coal-mine or ( like Edward 's beautiful elder female cousin ) the local tinworks .
this was the [area] of her universe and here the family assembled after a day 's work , in the coal-mine or ( like edward 's beautiful elder female cousin ) the local tinworks .

Belfast 's central location , on Europe 's Western edge , makes it the hub of the Continent and an ideal stepping stone to trans-Atlantic destinations .
belfast 's central location , on europe 's western edge , makes it the [area] of the continent and an ideal stepping stone to trans-atlantic destinations .

Situated only 60 metres from the International Drive resort centre , the Famous Host International is only a few minutes walk from a great selection of restaurants , bars , and general hub that Orlando has to offer .
situated only 60 metres from the international drive resort centre , the famous host international is only a few minutes walk from a great selection of restaurants , bars , and general [area] that orlando has to offer .

Playa Del Ingles is only a ten minute walk away and the discos and general hub of nightlife only five minutes .
playa del ingles is only a ten minute walk away and the discos and general [area] of nightlife only five minutes .

The hub , bearings and rims of otherwise wooden wheels might be made of iron .
the [area] , bearings and rims of otherwise wooden wheels might be made of iron .

‘ The public house represents what should be the hub of our wheel of life , essential to our material need and second only to the church that stands and represents our spiritual necessity .
‘ the public house represents what should be the [area] of our wheel of life , essential to our material need and second only to the church that stands and represents our spiritual necessity .

centralised hub
centralised [area]

In this sense it was Maxse 's radical Conservatism and not his more dangerous notions that brought him so close to the hub of Conservative politics in the decade before 1914 .
in this sense it was maxse 's radical conservatism and not his more dangerous notions that brought him so close to the [area] of conservative politics in the decade before 1914 .

In 1922 they were the hub of the maelstrom that was the great famine of 1921–2 .
in 1922 they were the [area] of the maelstrom that was the great famine of 1921–2 .

It is likely , however , that at least 40 % and possibly more of gas demand will by then be imported but as with oil the Netherlands will continue to benefit from being at the hub of European energy supply .
it is likely , however , that at least 40 % and possibly more of gas demand will by then be imported but as with oil the netherlands will continue to benefit from being at the [area] of european energy supply .

With the nuts removed , the handle is lifted and the tyre will slip off the hub and can be transported away .
with the nuts removed , the handle is lifted and the tyre will slip off the [area] and can be transported away .

It is then raised to the correct height and slid on to the hub .
it is then raised to the correct height and slid on to the [area] .

was the hub of every thought and act .
was the [area] of every thought and act .

Hopes for a ‘ green lung ’ in the heart of the city are fading , particularly since the announcement that Mercedes Benz is to build a huge service centre on Potsdamer Platz , dashing hopes that it might be left as a park or rebuilt as the commercial hub of the city it was before the war .
hopes for a ‘ green lung ’ in the heart of the city are fading , particularly since the announcement that mercedes benz is to build a huge service centre on potsdamer platz , dashing hopes that it might be left as a park or rebuilt as the commercial [area] of the city it was before the war .

The hub of a Roman chariot , tracked through Gibbon 's footnotes .
the [area] of a roman chariot , tracked through gibbon 's footnotes .

The stone-built kitchen hut which stands alone is the hub of the house .
the stone-built kitchen hut which stands alone is the [area] of the house .

It was quite coincidental that June , by her search for a new life in California , drew him towards what would be the hub of the rest of his life and it was touch and go whether he stayed or went back to Neptune .
it was quite coincidental that june , by her search for a new life in california , drew him towards what would be the [area] of the rest of his life and it was touch and go whether he stayed or went back to neptune .

The Strip , at the westerly end of Sunset Boulevard and closest to the hub of the film industry , was the avenue for poseurs where every young hopeful — and plenty not so young — hung out to be discovered in one of the dozens of coffee bars that eventually gave way to rock ‘ n ’ roll clubs and then strip shows of the Sixties and Seventies .
the strip , at the westerly end of sunset boulevard and closest to the [area] of the film industry , was the avenue for poseurs where every young hopeful — and plenty not so young — hung out to be discovered in one of the dozens of coffee bars that eventually gave way to rock ‘ n ’ roll clubs and then strip shows of the sixties and seventies .

The deal , which involves sharing the costs of catering and maintenance at both Zaventem airport in Brussels and Paris , is attractive because it gives access to slots at Brussels airport , seen as a future hub for travel to 70 cities around Europe .
the deal , which involves sharing the costs of catering and maintenance at both zaventem airport in brussels and paris , is attractive because it gives access to slots at brussels airport , seen as a future [area] for travel to 70 cities around europe .

Swivel housing oil seal , hub oil seal , the gasket between the drive flange and the hub or the felt washer on the end of the half shaft .
swivel housing oil seal , [area] oil seal , the gasket between the drive flange and the [area] or the felt washer on the end of the half shaft .

Check that the hub is correctly assembled as if , for some reason , it is not central on the swivel housing oil can escape .
check that the [area] is correctly assembled as if , for some reason , it is not central on the swivel housing oil can escape .

The most likely cause is a worn 1st/2nd syncro hub .
the most likely cause is a worn 1st/2nd syncro [area] .

The Haleiwa Theatre was a pink , art deco pleasure dome built by the sugar barons which by the sixties had become the hub of social activity , screening nightly surf movies .
the haleiwa theatre was a pink , art deco pleasure dome built by the sugar barons which by the sixties had become the [area] of social activity , screening nightly surf movies .

Around the town centre the four medieval churches of St. Peter 's , St. Giles , St. John 's and Holy Sepulchre compliment the classical Church of All Saints which stands at the ‘ hub ’ of the town .
around the town centre the four medieval churches of st. peter 's , st. giles , st. john 's and holy sepulchre compliment the classical church of all saints which stands at the ‘ [area] ’ of the town .

It will do you no good to try and keep away from the hub of activity and hope that by making no impression you will not make a bad impression .
it will do you no good to try and keep away from the [area] of activity and hope that by making no impression you will not make a bad impression .

The area became marginalised , cut off from the hub of business activity across the river .
the area became marginalised , cut off from the [area] of business activity across the river .

The Hub Card features four or eight 10BaseT Ethernet ports for networking workstations or PCs .
the [area] card features four or eight 10baset ethernet ports for networking workstations or pcs .

MiLAN 's 4080 Series hub line is the least expensive 10BaseT hub solution available .
milan 's 4080 series [area] line is the least expensive 10baset [area] solution available .

Micro Hub
micro [area]

Micro Hub features four or eight Ethernet hub ports for distributing 10BaseT Ethernet devices .
micro [area] features four or eight ethernet [area] ports for distributing 10baset ethernet devices .

This small , wallpowered hub features a rugged yet lightweight aluminium chassis .
this small , wallpowered [area] features a rugged yet lightweight aluminium chassis .

Alternet converts 10BaseT hub segments to think coax cabling .
alternet converts 10baset [area] segments to think coax cabling .

It allows you to integrate small , thinnet subnets of up to 10 nodes into a 10BaseT hub .
it allows you to integrate small , thinnet subnets of up to 10 nodes into a 10baset [area] .

4-port hub card for PCs
4-port [area] card for pcs

The beat was the core of police practice , the hub of policing around which other activities revolved .
the beat was the core of police practice , the [area] of policing around which other activities revolved .

The newly made wooden wheel — the hub of elm , the spokes and rim of ash — was laid on the plate , the hub fitting snugly into the centre hole .
the newly made wooden wheel — the [area] of elm , the spokes and rim of ash — was laid on the plate , the [area] fitting snugly into the centre hole .

While the airport is the economic hub of the area , agriculture is still an important part of the local economy .
while the airport is the economic [area] of the area , agriculture is still an important part of the local economy .

The school is no longer the hub of the community .
the school is no longer the [area] of the community .

Gritting her teeth , she put out her right hand and gripped the hub of the near wheel , driving her fingers amongst the spokes .
gritting her teeth , she put out her right hand and gripped the [area] of the near wheel , driving her fingers amongst the spokes .

Berlin 's newly recovered potential as the economic hub of north-central Europe has not been lost on business .
berlin 's newly recovered potential as the economic [area] of north-central europe has not been lost on business .

The workshops mentioned later in the chapter may provide a hub for the self-directed learning by basing them on the problem ( s ) .
the workshops mentioned later in the chapter may provide a [area] for the self-directed learning by basing them on the problem ( s ) .

Soon the little terrace house became a hub of domestic activity when not only his first daughter Eleanor Elizabeth played with his half brother but they were joined two years later by his second daughter , Florence .
soon the little terrace house became a [area] of domestic activity when not only his first daughter eleanor elizabeth played with his half brother but they were joined two years later by his second daughter , florence .

This was the hub of a tiny island community with cottages , crops and gardens .
this was the [area] of a tiny island community with cottages , crops and gardens .

Near the Puerta del Sol Puerta del Sol ( Gateway to the Sun ) is Madrid ’ s busiest plaza and for centuries has been the commercial hub of the city .
near the puerta del sol puerta del sol ( gateway to the sun ) is madrid ’ s busiest plaza and for centuries has been the commercial [area] of the city .

The Whinlatter Pass Visitor Centre is a hub for many cycle paths and walks .
the whinlatter pass visitor centre is a [area] for many cycle paths and walks .

It is also the hub for bus routes around the city .
it is also the [area] for bus routes around the city .

At the Stamboul end of the bridge is the colourful district of Eminönü , a major transport hub where bus , ferry , tram , and train services interconnect .
at the stamboul end of the bridge is the colourful district of eminönü , a major transport [area] where bus , ferry , tram , and train services interconnect .

It has been re-christened the Hub .
it has been re-christened the [area] .

Lawnmarket Beyond the Hub , the Royal Mile is known as Lawnmarket .
lawnmarket beyond the [area] , the royal mile is known as lawnmarket .

The Silk Museum on the second floor , with its collection of kimono and exhibits of the silk-making process , evokes the period when Yokohama was the hub of that industry .
the silk museum on the second floor , with its collection of kimono and exhibits of the silk-making process , evokes the period when yokohama was the [area] of that industry .

The city ’ s commercial reputation reflects its origins as the national merchants ’ capital and a major trading hub .
the city ’ s commercial reputation reflects its origins as the national merchants ’ capital and a major trading [area] .

The Chalet Kilauea , the hub of this little empire , serves gourmet breakfasts and afternoon teas .
the chalet kilauea , the [area] of this little empire , serves gourmet breakfasts and afternoon teas .

With an exhilarating leap of the imagination , you can stand among the columns , arches , and porticoes of the Roman Forum and picture the civic , commercial , and religious hub of the great city , the first in Europe to house a million inhabitants .
with an exhilarating leap of the imagination , you can stand among the columns , arches , and porticoes of the roman forum and picture the civic , commercial , and religious [area] of the great city , the first in europe to house a million inhabitants .

The hub of city life is the vast Piazza Brà , with the town hall on its south side and the great Roman A rena dating back to a.d. 100 .
the [area] of city life is the vast piazza brà , with the town hall on its south side and the great roman a rena dating back to a.d. 100 .

Piazza Matteotti is the hub of the new town ’ s lively café scene , along the Sentierone arcades .
piazza matteotti is the [area] of the new town ’ s lively café scene , along the sentierone arcades .

Shuttle buses run to the Roissy-Charles de Gaulle transportation hub .
shuttle buses run to the roissy-charles de gaulle transportation [area] .

A major high-speed train ( TGV ) hub — the Eurostar from London calls here too — it is attracting more tourist attention .
a major high-speed train ( tgv ) [area] — the eurostar from london calls here too — it is attracting more tourist attention .

To the south of the campus , Westwood Village is an area that was once the hub of social activity but suffered a decline due to the revitalization of Santa Monica ’ s Third Street Promenade .
to the south of the campus , westwood village is an area that was once the [area] of social activity but suffered a decline due to the revitalization of santa monica ’ s third street promenade .

DOWNTOWN For the majority of Los Angeles residents , “ Downtown ” is not a hub but a distant skyline visited a few times a year when attending the opera or going to the Museum of Contemporary Art .
downtown for the majority of los angeles residents , “ downtown ” is not a [area] but a distant skyline visited a few times a year when attending the opera or going to the museum of contemporary art .

The station once served nearly a million passengers a day ; now , it is L.A. ’ s new Metro Rail system hub .
the station once served nearly a million passengers a day ; now , it is l.a. ’ s new metro rail system [area] .

Next to City Hall is the island ’ s main bus terminal , the hub of Bermuda ’ s public transportation system which is on-time , clean , and efficient .
next to city hall is the island ’ s main bus terminal , the [area] of bermuda ’ s public transportation system which is on-time , clean , and efficient .

Freak Street is no longer Kathmandu ’ s hub for the backpacking crowd ; today ’ s budget travelers seem to be willing to spend a bit more than their hippie predecessors did .
freak street is no longer kathmandu ’ s [area] for the backpacking crowd ; today ’ s budget travelers seem to be willing to spend a bit more than their hippie predecessors did .

In 1947 the first offshore rig was opened and the Mississippi valley became a hub of oil and gas production and storage .
in 1947 the first offshore rig was opened and the mississippi valley became a [area] of oil and gas production and storage .

A long , broad avenue lined by an improbable number of government buildings links them all and then continues to Sweta , the island ’ s transport hub .
a long , broad avenue lined by an improbable number of government buildings links them all and then continues to sweta , the island ’ s transport [area] .

The main square , Plaza de Charco , is the hub of both tourist and local life , and its numerous cafés , restaurants , and shops are busy at all hours .
the main square , plaza de charco , is the [area] of both tourist and local life , and its numerous cafés , restaurants , and shops are busy at all hours .

The real hub of Las Palmas is the Parque de Santa Catalina .
the real [area] of las palmas is the parque de santa catalina .

As the Cruz de Tejeda is the hub of the island , there are any number of routes to and from it and almost all have something to offer , so consider ascending on one route and descending via another .
as the cruz de tejeda is the [area] of the island , there are any number of routes to and from it and almost all have something to offer , so consider ascending on one route and descending via another .

After touring the shops , go up to the Top of The Hub bar-restaurant and Skywalk ( open Monday–Friday , 10am–7pm ) great vantage points from which to see the Hancock Tower .
after touring the shops , go up to the top of the [area] bar-restaurant and skywalk ( open monday–friday , 10am–7pm ) great vantage points from which to see the hancock tower .

Russians and other foreigners peopled the fast-growing transportation hub , which soon boasted hotels and banks , bars and gambling houses .
russians and other foreigners peopled the fast-growing transportation [area] , which soon boasted hotels and banks , bars and gambling houses .

On 20 June 1991 , the city ’ s role at the hub of German life was assured when the Bundestag voted by a slim majority to restore Berlin as the seat of government .
on 20 june 1991 , the city ’ s role at the [area] of german life was assured when the bundestag voted by a slim majority to restore berlin as the seat of government .

A couple of blocks east of the tower ( and south of the Praça da Liberdade ) is the airy and ornate Estação de São Bento , far too handsome to be a mere railway hub .
a couple of blocks east of the tower ( and south of the praça da liberdade ) is the airy and ornate estação de são bento , far too handsome to be a mere railway [area] .

Though the railways took over for transport from Pinhão ( at the confluence of the Douro and Pinhão rivers ) , and today the wine goes mostly by road , Régua remains an important transportation and commercial hub .
though the railways took over for transport from pinhão ( at the confluence of the douro and pinhão rivers ) , and today the wine goes mostly by road , régua remains an important transportation and commercial [area] .

Mirandela is a pleasant town at the hub of the region ’ s road system , 54 km ( 33 miles ) southeast of Chaves , 64 km ( 40 miles ) southwest of Bragança , and 70 km ( 43 miles ) northeast of Vila Real .
mirandela is a pleasant town at the [area] of the region ’ s road system , 54 km ( 33 miles ) southeast of chaves , 64 km ( 40 miles ) southwest of bragança , and 70 km ( 43 miles ) northeast of vila real .

Of Roman origin ( it was a regional capital under Julius Caesar ) , the agricultural city of Beja ( 78 km/48 miles south of Évora ) is at the hub of roads that lead to Lisbon , the Algarve , and across the Alentejo .
of roman origin ( it was a regional capital under julius caesar ) , the agricultural city of beja ( 78 km/48 miles south of évora ) is at the [area] of roads that lead to lisbon , the algarve , and across the alentejo .

Its intersection at the elegant shopping thoroughfare , Bloor Street , is the fashionable hub of the city .
its intersection at the elegant shopping thoroughfare , bloor street , is the fashionable [area] of the city .

Market Square is the attractive hub of the harborfront renovation , a multi-level complex of shops , apartments , hotel , and cafés , surrounding an atrium in what were once just ugly warehouses .
market square is the attractive [area] of the harborfront renovation , a multi-level complex of shops , apartments , hotel , and cafés , surrounding an atrium in what were once just ugly warehouses .

This is just one of the town ’ s many modern skyscrapers clustered around the commercial hub of Portage and Main , which has the reputation of being the windiest spot in Canada .
this is just one of the town ’ s many modern skyscrapers clustered around the commercial [area] of portage and main , which has the reputation of being the windiest spot in canada .

The town and its port and international airport are the hub for every activity in the Bahamas .
the town and its port and international airport are the [area] for every activity in the bahamas .

Combine this with the bus and Metro routes that run through it , and you have a major city hub .
combine this with the bus and metro routes that run through it , and you have a major city [area] .

The seafront is the hub of all activity with tavernas and cafés lining the waterside .
the seafront is the [area] of all activity with tavernas and cafés lining the waterside .

The broad , tree-shaded , and pedestrian-only promenade stretches nearly 2 km ( 1 mile ) down a gentle incline from the city ’ s hub , Plaça de Catalunya ( see page 54 ) , to the waterfront .
the broad , tree-shaded , and pedestrian-only promenade stretches nearly 2 km ( 1 mile ) down a gentle incline from the city ’ s [area] , plaça de catalunya ( see page 54 ) , to the waterfront .

The Plaça de Catalunya , where the boulevard begins , was designed to be the city ’ s hub , and it certainly is lively , if not the most attractive space in Barcelona .
the plaça de catalunya , where the boulevard begins , was designed to be the city ’ s [area] , and it certainly is lively , if not the most attractive space in barcelona .

Similarly , air transportation is provided under contract , and a sorting hub for Express Mail is operated under contract .
similarly , air transportation is provided under contract , and a sorting [area] for express mail is operated under contract .

Had I known such strange events would occur , I assure you I would have spent much more time studying physics in Minshall Lab and less time playing bridge in the Hub .
had i known such strange events would occur , i assure you i would have spent much more time studying physics in minshall lab and less time playing bridge in the [area] .

Some 75 percent of major airline flights operate to just 46 big-city airports , and half of all airline flights merely shuttle passengers among just 21 hub airports .
some 75 percent of major airline flights operate to just 46 big-city airports , and half of all airline flights merely shuttle passengers among just 21 [area] airports .

Instead of reporting to the principal for putting down a colleague , the Fairfax , VA elementary school student took the subway to Reagan National Airport , walked on to a plane , and flew without incident or ticket to St. Louis , the hub of TWA travel .
instead of reporting to the principal for putting down a colleague , the fairfax , va elementary school student took the subway to reagan national airport , walked on to a plane , and flew without incident or ticket to st. louis , the [area] of twa travel .

According to Transportation Secretary Federico Peña , discount airlines have lowered ticket prices , on routes where they compete , by an average of $ 54 ( or $ 70 to or from an airline `` hub '' ) .
according to transportation secretary federico peña , discount airlines have lowered ticket prices , on routes where they compete , by an average of $ 54 ( or $ 70 to or from an airline `` [area] '' ) .

I hope that we will have your support in this effort to make us more competitive and Seattle a real hub for media and entertainment .
i hope that we will have your support in this effort to make us more competitive and seattle a real [area] for media and entertainment .

It is the Californian mindset that is responsible for the Seattle Miracle , whereby a sleepy backwater has been transformed into a dynamic entrepreneurial hub and the most livable city in the United States .
it is the californian mindset that is responsible for the seattle miracle , whereby a sleepy backwater has been transformed into a dynamic entrepreneurial [area] and the most livable city in the united states .

However much sense the hub system makes from a market-protecting angle and as an efficient means of routing air traffic , its anti-competitive consequences are undeniable .
however much sense the [area] system makes from a market-protecting angle and as an efficient means of routing air traffic , its anti-competitive consequences are undeniable .

This was happening long before r- dropping became common in English accents : Barbara to Babs , Bartholomew to Bat , Bridget to Biddy , Christopher to Kit , Dorothy to Dot , Frances to Fanny , Harriet to Hat , Herbert to Hab or Hub , Jordan to Judd , Margaret to Maggie or Meg , Margery to Madge , Martha to Mattie , and Theresa to Tess .
this was happening long before r- dropping became common in english accents : barbara to babs , bartholomew to bat , bridget to biddy , christopher to kit , dorothy to dot , frances to fanny , harriet to hat , herbert to hab or [area] , jordan to judd , margaret to maggie or meg , margery to madge , martha to mattie , and theresa to tess .

