From there I turned left along Cumhuriyet Cadesi past more hotels and a park on the left , Republic Gardens , and came in a few moments to Taksim Square , one of the hubs of the city , with the Monument of the Republic , erected in 1928 , in its center .
from there i turned left along cumhuriyet cadesi past more hotels and a park on the left , republic gardens , and came in a few moments to taksim square , one of the [areas] of the city , with the monument of the republic , erected in 1928 , in its center .

The water level was higher than their hubs .
the water level was higher than their [areas] .

Removing the wide-body aircraft will force American to cut some routes and possibly some hubs by summer , reversing nearly a decade of growth .
removing the wide-body aircraft will force american to cut some routes and possibly some [areas] by summer , reversing nearly a decade of growth .

Instead , the initial implementation will appear as an Ethernet switch called the DragonSwitch , which fits into its existing Access/One hubs .
instead , the initial implementation will appear as an ethernet switch called the dragonswitch , which fits into its existing access/one [areas] .

In under a minute they 'd made two sharp lefts and a squealing right , and were roaring down a back street so narrow the least miscalculation would have taken off handles , hubs and mirrors .
in under a minute they 'd made two sharp lefts and a squealing right , and were roaring down a back street so narrow the least miscalculation would have taken off handles , [areas] and mirrors .

Spiderglass could not die : a chain of spiderglass hubs girdled the orbit of Earth .
spiderglass could not die : a chain of spiderglass [areas] girdled the orbit of earth .

There are three main hubs of University activity firstly , the George Square area , secondly , The King 's Buildings , and thirdly , the Pollock Halls of Residence .
there are three main [areas] of university activity firstly , the george square area , secondly , the king 's buildings , and thirdly , the pollock halls of residence .

From ground hubs at Helsinborg and Billund in Scandinavia , Maastricht in Holland and Lyon and Paris in France , trucks feed cargo to and from the airline 's long haul flights at London 's Heathrow and Gatwick airports .
from ground [areas] at helsinborg and billund in scandinavia , maastricht in holland and lyon and paris in france , trucks feed cargo to and from the airline 's long haul flights at london 's heathrow and gatwick airports .

The main guide pulleys at the top of the incline , round which the rope passed before reaching the winding drum , were over 10 feet in diameter , had cast iron hubs and rims , and 24 wrought iron spokes .
the main guide pulleys at the top of the incline , round which the rope passed before reaching the winding drum , were over 10 feet in diameter , had cast iron [areas] and rims , and 24 wrought iron spokes .

The station was one of the hubs of village life — a centre of news , gossip , and advice , the home of bookstall and telegraph office .
the station was one of the [areas] of village life — a centre of news , gossip , and advice , the home of bookstall and telegraph office .

Again , using a lockable free-wheel differential in the front axle not only eliminates free-wheel front hubs but also allows the 4 × 4 to be put in or out at up to 62mph .
again , using a lockable free-wheel differential in the front axle not only eliminates free-wheel front [areas] but also allows the 4 × 4 to be put in or out at up to 62mph .

You still have to choose two- or four-wheel-drive high ratio or low ratio 4 × 4 on the Trooper , although front freewheeling hubs lock or unlock automatically and limited slip differentials make their contribution .
you still have to choose two- or four-wheel-drive high ratio or low ratio 4 × 4 on the trooper , although front freewheeling [areas] lock or unlock automatically and limited slip differentials make their contribution .

The hubs feature 10Base3 coax connections so that backbones and subnets can be built using thinnet cabling .
the [areas] feature 10base3 coax connections so that backbones and subnets can be built using thinnet cabling .

… Combining performance , reliability and the lowest prices , MiLAN Technology presents a comprehensive new range of Ethernet communications devices that includes repeaters , extenders , transceivers , hubs and converters for use in any thinwire , thickwire and twisted pair environment .
… combining performance , reliability and the lowest prices , milan technology presents a comprehensive new range of ethernet communications devices that includes repeaters , extenders , transceivers , [areas] and converters for use in any thinwire , thickwire and twisted pair environment .

Getting Around Connections among the island chains are poor , with the exception of the ports of Piraeus and Rafina on the Greek mainland , which serve as transportation hubs for those who wish to travel from one chain of islands to another .
getting around connections among the island chains are poor , with the exception of the ports of piraeus and rafina on the greek mainland , which serve as transportation [areas] for those who wish to travel from one chain of islands to another .

Within the Cyclades , Dodecanese , and Sporades island groups , there are certain towns that serve as hubs for travel to and from other islands within each group .
within the cyclades , dodecanese , and sporades island groups , there are certain towns that serve as [areas] for travel to and from other islands within each group .

Below is a list of the hubs and the islands that can be reached by ferry from them within two hours .
below is a list of the [areas] and the islands that can be reached by ferry from them within two hours .

After World War II it emerged as one of Tokyo ’ s major transportation hubs , and today an estimated three million people pass through Shinjuku Station every day .
after world war ii it emerged as one of tokyo ’ s major transportation [areas] , and today an estimated three million people pass through shinjuku station every day .

The wheels of the chariot themselves , symbols of the Hindu cycle of rebirth , have beautifully carved spokes and hubs decorated with kings and gods .
the wheels of the chariot themselves , symbols of the hindu cycle of rebirth , have beautifully carved spokes and [areas] decorated with kings and gods .

Increasingly , LSC grantees are important gatekeepers , or `` hubs , '' in referral networks of agencies and service providers serving low income people .
increasingly , lsc grantees are important gatekeepers , or `` [areas] , '' in referral networks of agencies and service providers serving low income people .

Increased landing fees and less generous treatment have reduced general aviation traffic at big hubs in recent years , but they have n't eliminated it .
increased landing fees and less generous treatment have reduced general aviation traffic at big [areas] in recent years , but they have n't eliminated it .

Another option is to turn them into `` feeder airlines , '' which allow the majors to offer service from major hubs to smaller airports .
another option is to turn them into `` feeder airlines , '' which allow the majors to offer service from major [areas] to smaller airports .

Steering wheels and steering itself were originally boat words , and hubs and spokes persist in metaphors and bicycles more than in cars ( except for hubcaps ) .
steering wheels and steering itself were originally boat words , and [areas] and spokes persist in metaphors and bicycles more than in cars ( except for hubcaps ) .

Fixing someone 's wagon is teaching them a lesson , and pipe up about grievances : the squeaky wheel gets the grease , because a wagon 's hubs rotate directly on the axletrees and squeak if they are not greased constantly .
fixing someone 's wagon is teaching them a lesson , and pipe up about grievances : the squeaky wheel gets the grease , because a wagon 's [areas] rotate directly on the axletrees and squeak if they are not greased constantly .

