# spot, name, know

Corruption is hardly a recent development in the city and state that were widely identified as the locale of Edwin O'Connor's novel , `` The Last Hurrah '' .
corruption is hardly a recent development in the city and state that were widely [recognized] as the locale of edwin o'connor's novel , `` the last hurrah '' .

( In Washington , the Federal Bureau of Investigation identified the Krogers as Morris and Lola Cohen , an American couple formerly of New York City )
( in washington , the federal bureau of investigation [recognized] the krogers as morris and lola cohen , an american couple formerly of new york city )

The motorist later was identified as Richard Sarkees , 17 , of 2433 McClellan , currently on probation and under court order not to drive .
the motorist later was [recognized] as richard sarkees , 17 , of 2433 mcclellan , currently on probation and under court order not to drive .

A Havana radio broadcast identified the Americans as Howard Anderson and August Jack McNair .
a havana radio broadcast [recognized] the americans as howard anderson and august jack mcnair .

The dead youth was identified as Robert E. Sims , 19 , of 1688 Oak Knoll Cir. , Aj .
the dead youth was [recognized] as robert e. sims , 19 , of 1688 oak knoll cir. , aj .

He identified the man as Lewis Martin Parker , 59 , a farmer of Hartselle , Ala. .
he [recognized] the man as lewis martin parker , 59 , a farmer of hartselle , ala. .

Leavitt identified the unions as a warehouseman's local , the teamsters union , a salesman's union , the janitors' union , and a bottling workers' union .
leavitt [recognized] the unions as a warehouseman's local , the teamsters union , a salesman's union , the janitors' union , and a bottling workers' union .

It is natural that he should turn for his major support to a select and dedicated few from the organization which actually owns the university and whose goals are , in their opinion , identified with its highest good and ( to use that oft-repeated phrase ) ' the attainment of excellence ' '' .
it is natural that he should turn for his major support to a select and dedicated few from the organization which actually owns the university and whose goals are , in their opinion , [recognized] with its highest good and ( to use that oft-repeated phrase ) ' the attainment of excellence ' '' .

From the luggage , they learned that the two air pirates , far from being Cubans , were native Americans , subsequently identified as Leon Bearden , 50-year-old ex-convict from Coolidge , Ariz. , and his son , Cody , 16 , a high-school junior .
from the luggage , they learned that the two air pirates , far from being cubans , were native americans , subsequently [recognized] as leon bearden , 50-year-old ex-convict from coolidge , ariz. , and his son , cody , 16 , a high-school junior .

Each man can identify himself with the history and the death of Jesus Christ because Jesus Christ has identified himself with human history and human death , coming as the head of a new humanity .
each man can identify himself with the history and the death of jesus christ because jesus christ has [recognized] himself with human history and human death , coming as the head of a new humanity .

These two aspects of death cannot be successfully separated , but they dare not be confused or identified .
these two aspects of death cannot be successfully separated , but they dare not be confused or [recognized] .

They had been fed a hunting breakfast , so called because a kedgeree , the dish identified with fox hunting , was on the bill .
they had been fed a hunting breakfast , so called because a kedgeree , the dish [recognized] with fox hunting , was on the bill .

This covered , wooden bridge is so closely identified with the first action in the early morning of June 3 , 1861 , and with subsequent troop movements of both armies in the Philippi area that it has become a part and parcel of the war story .
this covered , wooden bridge is so closely [recognized] with the first action in the early morning of june 3 , 1861 , and with subsequent troop movements of both armies in the philippi area that it has become a part and parcel of the war story .

In the paragraphs that follow , we quote from 32 men who are identified on the final page .
in the paragraphs that follow , we quote from 32 men who are [recognized] on the final page .

And when psychology explains glibly , `` but the subconscious mind is able to produce it '' it refers to a mental region so vaguely identified that it may embrace the entire universal mind as conceivably as part of the individual mind .
and when psychology explains glibly , `` but the subconscious mind is able to produce it '' it refers to a mental region so vaguely [recognized] that it may embrace the entire universal mind as conceivably as part of the individual mind .

If anti-Semitism was on trial in Jerusalem , why was it not identified , and with enough emphasis to capture the notice of the world press , in its connection with the activities of Eichmann's Department of Jewish Affairs , as exemplified by the betrayal and murder of Jews by non-police and non-party anti-Semites in Germany , as well as in Poland , Czechoslovakia , Hungary ? ?
if anti-semitism was on trial in jerusalem , why was it not [recognized] , and with enough emphasis to capture the notice of the world press , in its connection with the activities of eichmann's department of jewish affairs , as exemplified by the betrayal and murder of jews by non-police and non-party anti-semites in germany , as well as in poland , czechoslovakia , hungary ? ?

The person who left the buggy there has never been identified .
the person who left the buggy there has never been [recognized] .

The cyclist , a sufficiently commonplace young fellow , is not named but identified simply as `` Life '' -- that and a license number , which Piepsam uses in addressing him .
the cyclist , a sufficiently commonplace young fellow , is not named but [recognized] simply as `` life '' -- that and a license number , which piepsam uses in addressing him .

If Jews are identified as a religious body in a controversy that comes before a national or international tribunal , it is obviously compatible with the goal of human dignity to protect freedom of worship .
if jews are [recognized] as a religious body in a controversy that comes before a national or international tribunal , it is obviously compatible with the goal of human dignity to protect freedom of worship .

When we consider the disorganized state of the world community , and the legacy of predispositions adversely directed against all who are identified as Jews , it is obvious that the struggle for the minds and muscles of men needs to be prosecuted with increasing vigor and skill .
when we consider the disorganized state of the world community , and the legacy of predispositions adversely directed against all who are [recognized] as jews , it is obvious that the struggle for the minds and muscles of men needs to be prosecuted with increasing vigor and skill .

Thus , the Church was born and because of its intrinsic character was soon identified as a conservative institution , determined to resist the forces of change , to identify itself with the political rulers , and to maintain a kind of splendid isolation from the masses .
thus , the church was born and because of its intrinsic character was soon [recognized] as a conservative institution , determined to resist the forces of change , to identify itself with the political rulers , and to maintain a kind of splendid isolation from the masses .

Results of this experiment include the frequencies of the two strong spectral lines by which OH may be identified in interstellar gas ; ;
results of this experiment include the frequencies of the two strong spectral lines by which oh may be [recognized] in interstellar gas ; ;

For he knows that the first and sometimes most difficult job is to know what the question is -- that when it is accurately identified it sometimes answers itself , and that the way in which it is posed frequently shapes the answer .
for he knows that the first and sometimes most difficult job is to know what the question is -- that when it is accurately [recognized] it sometimes answers itself , and that the way in which it is posed frequently shapes the answer .

The radio emission of a planet was first detected in 1955 , when Burke and Franklin ( 1955 ) identified the origin of interference-like radio noise on their records at about 15 meters wave length as emission from Jupiter .
the radio emission of a planet was first detected in 1955 , when burke and franklin ( 1955 ) [recognized] the origin of interference-like radio noise on their records at about 15 meters wave length as emission from jupiter .

It is not clear whether this system bears any resemblance to the in vivo iodinating mechanism , and a system generating peroxide has not been identified in thyroid tissue .
it is not clear whether this system bears any resemblance to the in vivo iodinating mechanism , and a system generating peroxide has not been [recognized] in thyroid tissue .

A microsomal de-iodinase with a pH optimum of around 8 , and requiring reduced triphosphopyridine nucleotide for activity , has been identified in the thyroid ( Stanbury , 1957 ) .
a microsomal de-iodinase with a ph optimum of around 8 , and requiring reduced triphosphopyridine nucleotide for activity , has been [recognized] in the thyroid ( stanbury , 1957 ) .

The most conclusively identified is L-5-vinyl-2-thio-oxazolidone , which was isolated from rutabaga ( Greer , 1950 ) .
the most conclusively [recognized] is l-5-vinyl-2-thio-oxazolidone , which was isolated from rutabaga ( greer , 1950 ) .

But even in relatively primitive laboratory animals such as the rat , sex activity closely identified with the hypothalamus and the visceral brain is enhanced by the neocortex .
but even in relatively primitive laboratory animals such as the rat , sex activity closely [recognized] with the hypothalamus and the visceral brain is enhanced by the neocortex .

It might be pointed out that the integrating function of religion , for good or ill , has often supported or been identified with other groupings -- political , nationality , language , class , racial , sociability , even economic .
it might be pointed out that the integrating function of religion , for good or ill , has often supported or been [recognized] with other groupings -- political , nationality , language , class , racial , sociability , even economic .

If each text form is marked when matched with a dictionary form , the text forms not contained in the dictionary can be identified when all dictionary forms have been read .
if each text form is marked when matched with a dictionary form , the text forms not contained in the dictionary can be [recognized] when all dictionary forms have been read .

It is interesting to note that 75 per cent of those who returned the questionnaire identified themselves .
it is interesting to note that 75 per cent of those who returned the questionnaire [recognized] themselves .

If the bottom name in each column did not have a responsible executive identified , the next name above which identified such a responsible executive was substituted .
if the bottom name in each column did not have a responsible executive [recognized] , the next name above which [recognized] such a responsible executive was substituted .

Each questionnaire was audited for obvious mistakes and for comments , and was identified by a serial number , by the source list from which the company name was selected , and by the geographical location of the company as determined by the postmark on the return envelope .
each questionnaire was audited for obvious mistakes and for comments , and was [recognized] by a serial number , by the source list from which the company name was selected , and by the geographical location of the company as determined by the postmark on the return envelope .

In order to be able to properly relate the data for a single company each of the three cards comprising the set for each firm was identified with the appropriate serial number of the respondent .
in order to be able to properly relate the data for a single company each of the three cards comprising the set for each firm was [recognized] with the appropriate serial number of the respondent .

And he could recognize , by touch alone , articles which he had handled immediately before , even though they were altogether unfamiliar to him and could not be identified by him ; ;
and he could recognize , by touch alone , articles which he had handled immediately before , even though they were altogether unfamiliar to him and could not be [recognized] by him ; ;

Once he has been identified , however , a new melody is used to accompany his narrative , a bleak motif with barren octaves creating a rather ancient effect :
once he has been [recognized] , however , a new melody is used to accompany his narrative , a bleak motif with barren octaves creating a rather ancient effect :

McFeeley identified himself .
mcfeeley [recognized] himself .

When Joe identified himself , he nodded , unsmiling , and ushered him into a sedate living room .
when joe [recognized] himself , he nodded , unsmiling , and ushered him into a sedate living room .

Some of them came from people who identified themselves .
some of them came from people who [recognized] themselves .

( I myself have identified about sixty sites , from the old maps and registers .
( i myself have [recognized] about sixty sites , from the old maps and registers .

There was a peculiar density about it , a thick substance that could be sensed but never identified , never actually perceived .
there was a peculiar density about it , a thick substance that could be sensed but never [recognized] , never actually perceived .

He thought once that he identified the somewhat hysterical voice of Fleischman claiming a kill .
he thought once that he [recognized] the somewhat hysterical voice of fleischman claiming a kill .

He saw the dangers , not the glories of being identified as a mutineer .
he saw the dangers , not the glories of being [recognized] as a mutineer .

It was among these that Hinkle identified a photograph of Barco ! !
it was among these that hinkle [recognized] a photograph of barco ! !

It has identified itself with the very tension and terror it once did so much to alleviate .
it has [recognized] itself with the very tension and terror it once did so much to alleviate .

The dead woman has been identified as June Smith , a mother of two in her forties .
the dead woman has been [recognized] as june smith , a mother of two in her forties .

The inquest heard they could only be identified using dental records .
the inquest heard they could only be [recognized] using dental records .

It could only be identified by dental records and fingerprints .
it could only be [recognized] by dental records and fingerprints .

Karen 's father who identified his son-in-law 's body , described how his daughter is coping :
karen 's father who [recognized] his son-in-law 's body , described how his daughter is coping :

But the body has n't yet been identified as that of Joan Main , who disappeared in ( 1973 ) nineteen-seventy-three .
but the body has n't yet been [recognized] as that of joan main , who disappeared in ( 1973 ) nineteen-seventy-three .

The coroners court heard that all three … grandmother , mother and daughter … had to be identified by their fingerprints .
the coroners court heard that all three … grandmother , mother and daughter … had to be [recognized] by their fingerprints .

One of the reasons for the bird 's decline is the loss of many of the barns the it 's identified with , when they 're converted to housing or offices .
one of the reasons for the bird 's decline is the loss of many of the barns the it 's [recognized] with , when they 're converted to housing or offices .

In the past these people have been very supportive of the police . they 've identified offenders and have been attacked verbally and physically by these yobs
in the past these people have been very supportive of the police . they 've [recognized] offenders and have been attacked verbally and physically by these yobs

The man , who lives locally , wo n't be identified .
the man , who lives locally , wo n't be [recognized] .

Most necklaces were still unsold when the beads were identified and withdrawn , but some had been bought by a craft worker in Gloucestershire .
most necklaces were still unsold when the beads were [recognized] and withdrawn , but some had been bought by a craft worker in gloucestershire .

The few gypsies remaining on the site this afternoon , who 've asked not to be identified , claim they were picked on in a motiveless attack .
the few gypsies remaining on the site this afternoon , who 've asked not to be [recognized] , claim they were picked on in a motiveless attack .

The woman has been identified as a 32 year old from the Bristol area , who 'd been missing since early on Friday , but detectives wo n't name her until her family have been told .
the woman has been [recognized] as a 32 year old from the bristol area , who 'd been missing since early on friday , but detectives wo n't name her until her family have been told .

This 87 year old woman , who 's too frightened to be identified , was pushed into her home after opening the door .
this 87 year old woman , who 's too frightened to be [recognized] , was pushed into her home after opening the door .

The trial judge has ruled that neither she , nor the boy , who denies her manslaughter , can be identified .
the trial judge has ruled that neither she , nor the boy , who denies her manslaughter , can be [recognized] .

Judge Peter Fallon has ruled that neither she , nor the 14-year-old defendant , can be identified .
judge peter fallon has ruled that neither she , nor the 14-year-old defendant , can be [recognized] .

Judge Peter Fallon has ruled that neither she — nor the schoolboy accused of killing her can be identified .
judge peter fallon has ruled that neither she — nor the schoolboy accused of killing her can be [recognized] .

They now hope the robbers can be identified .
they now hope the robbers can be [recognized] .

Police are hoping the men will be identified from these pictures , they say it 's imperative they are caught .
police are hoping the men will be [recognized] from these pictures , they say it 's imperative they are caught .

He was one of the witnesses who identified two joyriders to the police last summer , after a display on the estate .
he was one of the witnesses who [recognized] two joyriders to the police last summer , after a display on the estate .

He was one of the witnesses who identified two joyriders to the police last summer , after a display on the estate .
he was one of the witnesses who [recognized] two joyriders to the police last summer , after a display on the estate .

The man , who does n't wish to be identified , says that he saw flashes as from the gun and thought his family were being fired upon .
the man , who does n't wish to be [recognized] , says that he saw flashes as from the gun and thought his family were being fired upon .

If a word is not identified in the time limit the die is passed to the left .
if a word is not [recognized] in the time limit the die is passed to the left .

The only times the die is rolled to advance the token is when a word is identified within the one minute time limit
the only times the die is rolled to advance the token is when a word is [recognized] within the one minute time limit

or the team is first to identify the word in any hang on , hang on the only the time the die is rolled to advance the token is when a word is identified within the one minute time limit comma or a team is first to identify the word in any all play situation .
or the team is first to identify the word in any hang on , hang on the only the time the die is rolled to advance the token is when a word is [recognized] within the one minute time limit comma or a team is first to identify the word in any all play situation .

The hijacker , identified by United States officials as a 20-year-old Ethiopian , Nebiu Zewolde Demeke , took over the Airbus 310 on Thursday during a flight from Frankfurt to Cairo .
the hijacker , [recognized] by united states officials as a 20-year-old ethiopian , nebiu zewolde demeke , took over the airbus 310 on thursday during a flight from frankfurt to cairo .

This account was first identified as long ago as 1981 when a ledger was found during a raid on the house of masonic boss Licio Gelli .
this account was first [recognized] as long ago as 1981 when a ledger was found during a raid on the house of masonic boss licio gelli .

He said an operation was carried out on his colon in April 1991 and therapy was continuing after cancer elements were identified in his liver .
he said an operation was carried out on his colon in april 1991 and therapy was continuing after cancer elements were [recognized] in his liver .

Dead body identified as man missing two years
dead body [recognized] as man missing two years

Body identified as missing man 's
body [recognized] as missing man 's

No alternative employment within the school or other university department could be identified .
no alternative employment within the school or other university department could be [recognized] .

Since the event was well publicised and sponsorships clearly identified , there was nothing secret to be brought out in the open , he told the committee .
since the event was well publicised and sponsorships clearly [recognized] , there was nothing secret to be brought out in the open , he told the committee .

She had realised there were seeds in the toast , later identified as poison .
she had realised there were seeds in the toast , later [recognized] as poison .

‘ Any development of a deep water fishery will be long-term and will be dictated not just by the availability of fish stocks but , equally importantly , by an identified customer market . ’
‘ any development of a deep water fishery will be long-term and will be dictated not just by the availability of fish stocks but , equally importantly , by an [recognized] customer market . ’

She identified the accused as her attacker and said : ‘ Afterwards he drove me to my home in Alloa .
she [recognized] the accused as her attacker and said : ‘ afterwards he drove me to my home in alloa .

Soldiers of the Special Presidential Division were flirting with a barmaid and objected when a security guard , a karate instructor identified only as Ekofo , offered her a drink .
soldiers of the special presidential division were flirting with a barmaid and objected when a security guard , a karate instructor [recognized] only as ekofo , offered her a drink .

Poor bus services have already been identified by new town bosses who want to carry out a full traffic survey with interested bodies , including Lothian Regional Council .
poor bus services have already been [recognized] by new town bosses who want to carry out a full traffic survey with interested bodies , including lothian regional council .

Days later , an elderly widow watched while a man she identified as 25-year-old Benjamin Laing , on trial for the double killing , dug a deep grave in pouring rain for the remains of Mr Manwaring , 62 , and 24-year-old Alison .
days later , an elderly widow watched while a man she [recognized] as 25-year-old benjamin laing , on trial for the double killing , dug a deep grave in pouring rain for the remains of mr manwaring , 62 , and 24-year-old alison .

Finally , the emergence of pools where the fully-fledged candidates could be identified was raised .
finally , the emergence of pools where the fully-fledged candidates could be [recognized] was raised .

Mr Landon also argues that the problem goes much deeper than just testing but begins when children are first identified as having a problem .
mr landon also argues that the problem goes much deeper than just testing but begins when children are first [recognized] as having a problem .

He said that Mr Lang appeared to have a vision of a local government closely identified with communities .
he said that mr lang appeared to have a vision of a local government closely [recognized] with communities .

The shadow Chancellor , Gordon Brown , warned that inflation was set to rise again later this year and identified the central problem as ‘ the low level of activity in the economy ’ .
the shadow chancellor , gordon brown , warned that inflation was set to rise again later this year and [recognized] the central problem as ‘ the low level of activity in the economy ’ .

‘ Their flock of origin will have to be identified .
‘ their flock of origin will have to be [recognized] .

Just as curry may have become identified as a traditional British dish with the blurring of ethnic and other socio-economic and demographic trends , there is an equal and opposite trend to identify positively regional specialities such as West Country farmhouse cheddar or Welsh lamb or Scottish beef as offering that bit more than the ‘ commodity ’ product .
just as curry may have become [recognized] as a traditional british dish with the blurring of ethnic and other socio-economic and demographic trends , there is an equal and opposite trend to identify positively regional specialities such as west country farmhouse cheddar or welsh lamb or scottish beef as offering that bit more than the ‘ commodity ’ product .

In most cases this entails a house in one street being identified as a ‘ beacon ’ house whose value determines others in the street .
in most cases this entails a house in one street being [recognized] as a ‘ beacon ’ house whose value determines others in the street .

The woman , who has not been identified , was alone in Firth Moor Crescent when the thief struck .
the woman , who has not been [recognized] , was alone in firth moor crescent when the thief struck .

The dead man has not yet been identified although it is known he was 39years-old and was travelling as a front seat passenger in a Ford Escort van .
the dead man has not yet been [recognized] although it is known he was 39years-old and was travelling as a front seat passenger in a ford escort van .

One man identified himself as a jobbing builder and chatted to the woman , who was in her seventies , while another searched the house in Brougham Street , Darlington , on Tuesday .
one man [recognized] himself as a jobbing builder and chatted to the woman , who was in her seventies , while another searched the house in brougham street , darlington , on tuesday .

Venues awarded a Heartbeat logo in the council 's healthy eating campaign are also identified .
venues awarded a heartbeat logo in the council 's healthy eating campaign are also [recognized] .

However , the centre-left grouping within the committee , who are usually identified as being pro-Salmond , remained severely critical of the leadership 's failure to take account of the likely reaction in Scotland to the vote .
however , the centre-left grouping within the committee , who are usually [recognized] as being pro-salmond , remained severely critical of the leadership 's failure to take account of the likely reaction in scotland to the vote .

‘ We are hopeful that the gene itself will be identified within a year or so .
‘ we are hopeful that the gene itself will be [recognized] within a year or so .

He identified one of them as Middleton .
he [recognized] one of them as middleton .

The sheriff said it was ‘ desirable ’ that all remand prisoners be checked at least hourly every night and not just those identified as at risk from suicide , or poor health or those likely to try to escape .
the sheriff said it was ‘ desirable ’ that all remand prisoners be checked at least hourly every night and not just those [recognized] as at risk from suicide , or poor health or those likely to try to escape .

The man was killed and at least 12 people around him were injured , the police official said , adding that the dead man had not yet been identified .
the man was killed and at least 12 people around him were injured , the police official said , adding that the dead man had not yet been [recognized] .

Indeed , in large measures , that could be identified as a central feature of Mr Major 's ministerial career .
indeed , in large measures , that could be [recognized] as a central feature of mr major 's ministerial career .

The Victorian terminus was identified as the ideal answer by Norman Lamont , the Chancellor , in his Budget speech last Tuesday .
the victorian terminus was [recognized] as the ideal answer by norman lamont , the chancellor , in his budget speech last tuesday .

One of the first two women , who left shortly after midnight on Sunday , was identified as Victorine Hollingsworth , 59 , a British citizen .
one of the first two women , who left shortly after midnight on sunday , was [recognized] as victorine hollingsworth , 59 , a british citizen .

We screened a BALB/c murine genomic library and identified hybridising clones representing both the Oct-11a and Oct-11b genes .
we screened a balb/c murine genomic library and [recognized] hybridising clones representing both the oct-11a and oct-11b genes .

‘ Two of the three experts definitely say in the reports that clenbuterol is not a steroid , ’ the source , who did not want to be identified , said .
‘ two of the three experts definitely say in the reports that clenbuterol is not a steroid , ’ the source , who did not want to be [recognized] , said .

In contrast , random false hybridization signals and non-contiguous clones yield additional false neighbours which can be identified by lower numbers of links with a given probe .
in contrast , random false hybridization signals and non-contiguous clones yield additional false neighbours which can be [recognized] by lower numbers of links with a given probe .

The regional authority provided £40,000 for ophthalmology and £10,000 has been identified for general surgery .
the regional authority provided £40,000 for ophthalmology and £10,000 has been [recognized] for general surgery .

The match summariser , identified simply as Jonathan Jennings , was in fact the Rev Jonathan Jennings until Christmas the curate of St Cuthbert 's in Darlington .
the match summariser , [recognized] simply as jonathan jennings , was in fact the rev jonathan jennings until christmas the curate of st cuthbert 's in darlington .

Graham Tennant , 81 , was cured of cancer because a scanner machine at the South Cleveland Hospital identified a kidney tumour early enough for action to be taken .
graham tennant , 81 , was cured of cancer because a scanner machine at the south cleveland hospital [recognized] a kidney tumour early enough for action to be taken .

Mr Tennant , former chairman of the office materials company Graham Tennant Ltd , Darlington , had his kidney removed after the scan identified the cancerous growth .
mr tennant , former chairman of the office materials company graham tennant ltd , darlington , had his kidney removed after the scan [recognized] the cancerous growth .

Graham Tennant , 81 , was cured of cancer because a scanner machine at the South Cleveland Hospital identified a kidney tumour early enough .
graham tennant , 81 , was cured of cancer because a scanner machine at the south cleveland hospital [recognized] a kidney tumour early enough .

Other goods already identified were stolen during burglaries in Bradford in 1990 and an antiques shop in Leyburn last month .
other goods already [recognized] were stolen during burglaries in bradford in 1990 and an antiques shop in leyburn last month .

‘ Their letter relates to an earlier position when we were looking at a phased opening because we had not identified full resources , ’ he said .
‘ their letter relates to an earlier position when we were looking at a phased opening because we had not [recognized] full resources , ’ he said .

And , having watched the recent coal fiasco , we all know what the next step is once an unwanted raw material has been identified ; you stop its production . In education such a policy would improve performance indicators immediately as a much higher percentage of youngsters would then achieve three or more Highers and gain entrance to university ; success all round !
and , having watched the recent coal fiasco , we all know what the next step is once an unwanted raw material has been [recognized] ; you stop its production . in education such a policy would improve performance indicators immediately as a much higher percentage of youngsters would then achieve three or more highers and gain entrance to university ; success all round !

The feeling at directorial level is that while the board accepts responsibility for the running of the club it is entitled to quiz Brady if a problem has been identified with regard to team matters .
the feeling at directorial level is that while the board accepts responsibility for the running of the club it is entitled to quiz brady if a problem has been [recognized] with regard to team matters .

After the 1987 fire at Kings Cross underground station which killed 31 people , the official inquiry reported : ‘ Many of the shortcomings … had in fact been identified before by the internal inquiries into escalator fires .
after the 1987 fire at kings cross underground station which killed 31 people , the official inquiry reported : ‘ many of the shortcomings … had in fact been [recognized] before by the internal inquiries into escalator fires .

Channel 4 , which has a feeling for grouping progs together into ‘ themes ’ , identified St Valentine 's Day ( sorry , weekend ) as a possible banker .
channel 4 , which has a feeling for grouping progs together into ‘ themes ’ , [recognized] st valentine 's day ( sorry , weekend ) as a possible banker .

‘ The theme we identified then was communities in conflict , that traditional east-west thing — the point we want to make being that there need be no conflict , that we 're all , if you like , Jock Tamson 's Bairns .
‘ the theme we [recognized] then was communities in conflict , that traditional east-west thing — the point we want to make being that there need be no conflict , that we 're all , if you like , jock tamson 's bairns .

The plan would identify sites where such operations would be acceptable and it would become difficult for sites not identified to gain planning permission .
the plan would identify sites where such operations would be acceptable and it would become difficult for sites not [recognized] to gain planning permission .

The doctor , who has not been identified , is expected to make a full recovery .
the doctor , who has not been [recognized] , is expected to make a full recovery .

It will be the first of only six 400m hurdles races she is planning in her build-up to the world championships in Stuttgart and she will be up against Vera Ordina , the 25 year-old Russian Olympic finalist who Gunnell has identified as a major threat this summer .
it will be the first of only six 400m hurdles races she is planning in her build-up to the world championships in stuttgart and she will be up against vera ordina , the 25 year-old russian olympic finalist who gunnell has [recognized] as a major threat this summer .

Police sergeant Leslie Wild said that the body had been identified as Mr Furse 's brother , Richard .
police sergeant leslie wild said that the body had been [recognized] as mr furse 's brother , richard .

Park Foods is in fine fettle after selling off all none-core business identified in a refocusing exercise a move which has clearly had a beneficial effect on profits which soared by a third from £7.7m to £10.3m before tax at the end of March this year .
park foods is in fine fettle after selling off all none-core business [recognized] in a refocusing exercise a move which has clearly had a beneficial effect on profits which soared by a third from £7.7m to £10.3m before tax at the end of march this year .

One interesting find was a pre-war Dinky car , identified by a helper with the words : ‘ Oh yes , that 's the 20 horse-power Rolls Royce with the Mulliner body .
one interesting find was a pre-war dinky car , [recognized] by a helper with the words : ‘ oh yes , that 's the 20 horse-power rolls royce with the mulliner body .

Clearly , however , the needs we have identified at Stirling for the transmission of documents , images and so on are also arising at other sites — and between sites as well .
clearly , however , the needs we have [recognized] at stirling for the transmission of documents , images and so on are also arising at other sites — and between sites as well .

The variety of animal life found was also impressive , with 256 different types being identified .
the variety of animal life found was also impressive , with 256 different types being [recognized] .

QTs can rest assured that your teaching qualification will be included in those being identified by the Lead Body .
qts can rest assured that your teaching qualification will be included in those being [recognized] by the lead body .

In a random ( or direct ) access file , records are individually identified by a key and can be read or re-read in any order .
in a random ( or direct ) access file , records are individually [recognized] by a key and can be read or re-read in any order .

Nevertheless , critical evaluation must be attempted and , if difficulties remain , they should at least be identified and their likely effects recognized and , if possible , quantified .
nevertheless , critical evaluation must be attempted and , if difficulties remain , they should at least be [recognized] and their likely effects recognized and , if possible , quantified .

By ‘ drawn on ’ simply means that the named buyer is identified as the party who should pay the sum of money involved .
by ‘ drawn on ’ simply means that the named buyer is [recognized] as the party who should pay the sum of money involved .

The problems identified included incompatibility of systems for matching domestic and international transactions , differences in settlement times , no general requirement for settlement to be made in cash , and excessive amounts of paperwork in settlement procedures .
the problems [recognized] included incompatibility of systems for matching domestic and international transactions , differences in settlement times , no general requirement for settlement to be made in cash , and excessive amounts of paperwork in settlement procedures .

First , the factors that explain differences in the response of enterprises to similar environmental pressures ( in Weaver 's study , the crisis of private railways in North America ) can be identified .
first , the factors that explain differences in the response of enterprises to similar environmental pressures ( in weaver 's study , the crisis of private railways in north america ) can be [recognized] .

This chapter has identified some features of the advanced capitalist state that are relevant for an understanding of the logic of state enterprises .
this chapter has [recognized] some features of the advanced capitalist state that are relevant for an understanding of the logic of state enterprises .

Blood in her factory ; another body found , and possibly identified .
blood in her factory ; another body found , and possibly [recognized] .

Identified by his clothes .
[recognized] by his clothes .

It was , after all , no real mistake that his body had been falsely identified as being there .
it was , after all , no real mistake that his body had been falsely [recognized] as being there .

Because the other bit of rumour , and not passed on by his friend Jordan , none of it was , said that with one of the victims , the last , as yet not formally identified as Ephraim Humphreys , a teddy-bear had been found .
because the other bit of rumour , and not passed on by his friend jordan , none of it was , said that with one of the victims , the last , as yet not formally [recognized] as ephraim humphreys , a teddy-bear had been found .

He identified his electricity bill and the telephone bill ( he hoped his colleagues had not been using his phone too much ) and a typewritten envelope which he took to be an advertisement .
he [recognized] his electricity bill and the telephone bill ( he hoped his colleagues had not been using his phone too much ) and a typewritten envelope which he took to be an advertisement .

He identified it immediately as coming from the Sark Pottery .
he [recognized] it immediately as coming from the sark pottery .

Solicitors for the couple , identified only as Mr and Mrs Guest , issued a statement saying their main concern was their son 's health .
solicitors for the couple , [recognized] only as mr and mrs guest , issued a statement saying their main concern was their son 's health .

And 21 of the alternative places identified by Ann Widdecombe , parliamentary secretary for social security , are actually in a North Tyneside hostel set aside for women only .
and 21 of the alternative places [recognized] by ann widdecombe , parliamentary secretary for social security , are actually in a north tyneside hostel set aside for women only .

The man , who lives in Darlington and who can only be identified as David , had grown up believing he is a female in a male body .
the man , who lives in darlington and who can only be [recognized] as david , had grown up believing he is a female in a male body .

The man 's family claimed he could be identified from details given by Mr Pink .
the man 's family claimed he could be [recognized] from details given by mr pink .

These were later positively identified as belonging to 25year-old Garry Pettitt .
these were later positively [recognized] as belonging to 25year-old garry pettitt .

The elderly woman , who has not been identified , initially received a telephone call from a man with a foreign accent purporting to be an official from her bank in Chester .
the elderly woman , who has not been [recognized] , initially received a telephone call from a man with a foreign accent purporting to be an official from her bank in chester .

Our own housing programme identified an immediate need for 2,686 new homes in Middlesbrough alone , ’ he said .
our own housing programme [recognized] an immediate need for 2,686 new homes in middlesbrough alone , ’ he said .

His car was not spotted in the area that morning and he was not identified as being there .
his car was not spotted in the area that morning and he was not [recognized] as being there .

Cleveland Police have identified a man found dead on a Middlesbrough cycle-way as Joseph Hawes Thompson , 65 , of Morpeth Avenue , Easterside .
cleveland police have [recognized] a man found dead on a middlesbrough cycle-way as joseph hawes thompson , 65 , of morpeth avenue , easterside .

Thomas Swailes , a 35-year-old commercial operator , of Wilton Green , Lazenby , Cleveland , formally identified the body of his brother , 31 , an instrument artificer , of Chesham Street , Middlesbrough .
thomas swailes , a 35-year-old commercial operator , of wilton green , lazenby , cleveland , formally [recognized] the body of his brother , 31 , an instrument artificer , of chesham street , middlesbrough .

Mr Bates has identified four key topics the economy , health care , crime and local government .
mr bates has [recognized] four key topics the economy , health care , crime and local government .

The plight of victims contrasts sharply with the situation for offenders , where more than 30 national organisations were identified as providing support .
the plight of victims contrasts sharply with the situation for offenders , where more than 30 national organisations were [recognized] as providing support .

The 11-year-old , identified only as Donna , was playing in Albert Park , Middlesbrough , when she got the finger stuck in a hole on the back of the bench .
the 11-year-old , [recognized] only as donna , was playing in albert park , middlesbrough , when she got the finger stuck in a hole on the back of the bench .

The dead man , who has not been officially identified , is believed to be Brian O'Hare , a quiet man in his fifties who lived alone .
the dead man , who has not been officially [recognized] , is believed to be brian o'hare , a quiet man in his fifties who lived alone .

His victim , who has not being identified , put up a struggle despite being coshed across her back with a piece of hosepipe .
his victim , who has not being [recognized] , put up a struggle despite being coshed across her back with a piece of hosepipe .

The man who died in hospital was identified two days later as Peter Elderfield , 36 , of Springvale Terrace , Whinney Banks , Middlesbrough .
the man who died in hospital was [recognized] two days later as peter elderfield , 36 , of springvale terrace , whinney banks , middlesbrough .

He was later identified by his brother-in-law , Philip Douglas .
he was later [recognized] by his brother-in-law , philip douglas .

‘ We have identified that as a link from Stockton station into the new Teesdale site , linking up with the new university , alongside the Teesside Park development into the centre of Middlesbrough and then towards the east , turning down Cargo Fleet Lane , terminating at Ormesby .
‘ we have [recognized] that as a link from stockton station into the new teesdale site , linking up with the new university , alongside the teesside park development into the centre of middlesbrough and then towards the east , turning down cargo fleet lane , terminating at ormesby .

The woman , who is unable to have children of her own and does not wish to be identified , is one of 485 women at a fertility clinic waiting for donor eggs .
the woman , who is unable to have children of her own and does not wish to be [recognized] , is one of 485 women at a fertility clinic waiting for donor eggs .

Schizophrenia , or split personality , is the most common serious mental illness and studies carried out so far hint at a genetic link , although no susceptible genes have yet been identified .
schizophrenia , or split personality , is the most common serious mental illness and studies carried out so far hint at a genetic link , although no susceptible genes have yet been [recognized] .

The older ones find it harder … and they still fear for what remain of their familes , they do n't want to be identified in case of Serbian reprisals .
the older ones find it harder … and they still fear for what remain of their familes , they do n't want to be [recognized] in case of serbian reprisals .

He ca n't be identified for security reasons .
he ca n't be [recognized] for security reasons .

The boy , who 's 14 , but who ca n't be identified for legal reasons , appeared at Swindon Youth court this afternoon , and pleaded guilty to 21 offences , ranging from shoplifting to assaulting police .
the boy , who 's 14 , but who ca n't be [recognized] for legal reasons , appeared at swindon youth court this afternoon , and pleaded guilty to 21 offences , ranging from shoplifting to assaulting police .

He was identified by dental records and fingerprints .
he was [recognized] by dental records and fingerprints .

Now that the problem has been identified , the race is on to preserve the buildings .
now that the problem has been [recognized] , the race is on to preserve the buildings .

The dead man has n't been identified but neighbours say two men lived in the cottage … both school teachers .
the dead man has n't been [recognized] but neighbours say two men lived in the cottage … both school teachers .

The dead man has n't been identified but neighbours say two men lived in the cottage … both school teachers .
the dead man has n't been [recognized] but neighbours say two men lived in the cottage … both school teachers .

Some of the dead and injured still have n't been identified .
some of the dead and injured still have n't been [recognized] .

And the treasure hunter does n't want to be identified .
and the treasure hunter does n't want to be [recognized] .

The need for training in the area was identified through the Ballybeen Estate Strategy Steering Group and as a result a ‘ Training and Education Working Group ’ was established .
the need for training in the area was [recognized] through the ballybeen estate strategy steering group and as a result a ‘ training and education working group ’ was established .

It was identified as a six gilled shark weighing 315lbs — more than double the current Irish record of 154lbs landed by Essex angler Andrew Bull in 1968 .
it was [recognized] as a six gilled shark weighing 315lbs — more than double the current irish record of 154lbs landed by essex angler andrew bull in 1968 .

The rest of the family are still terrified and do n't want to be identified .
the rest of the family are still terrified and do n't want to be [recognized] .

Every Bewick Swan is identified by its characteristic bill markings .
every bewick swan is [recognized] by its characteristic bill markings .

The boy , who ca n't be identified , hit the headlines in June … after revelations that he 'd spent several weeks at his grandparents ' house on the Costa Blanca at tax payers ' expense .
the boy , who ca n't be [recognized] , hit the headlines in june … after revelations that he 'd spent several weeks at his grandparents ' house on the costa blanca at tax payers ' expense .

But nationally , Directors of Social Services have identified that the trends in child care are such now , as to create serious concern that the children 's homes themselves are geared up to the kind of er tasks that now face them .
but nationally , directors of social services have [recognized] that the trends in child care are such now , as to create serious concern that the children 's homes themselves are geared up to the kind of er tasks that now face them .

Among the campaigners is this Kuwaiti princess , in London when the Iraqis invaded , she does n't want to be identified because she fears for her life .
among the campaigners is this kuwaiti princess , in london when the iraqis invaded , she does n't want to be [recognized] because she fears for her life .

The dead woman has been identified as Mrs Schofield , a self-employed fabric designer who worked from home and who was in her thirties .
the dead woman has been [recognized] as mrs schofield , a self-employed fabric designer who worked from home and who was in her thirties .

There the police said that Lucy Chamberlain had been identified after the shooting by documents in her handbag and by her distinctive clothing ; clothing later confirmed by her father in a telephone call from the police .
there the police said that lucy chamberlain had been [recognized] after the shooting by documents in her handbag and by her distinctive clothing ; clothing later confirmed by her father in a telephone call from the police .

Jamie Saunders was identified after the shooting by a neighbour .
jamie saunders was [recognized] after the shooting by a neighbour .

It has already identified savings worth £2.1 million .
it has already [recognized] savings worth £2.1 million .

Table 1 , below , shows the reasons which were identified .
table 1 , below , shows the reasons which were [recognized] .

As Table 1 shows , the fact that a requested item was already in use ( that is , being read by , or reserved for , another reader ) was the most important reason identified , accounting for almost half ( 48 % ) of all unsatisfied requests .
as table 1 shows , the fact that a requested item was already in use ( that is , being read by , or reserved for , another reader ) was the most important reason [recognized] , accounting for almost half ( 48 % ) of all unsatisfied requests .

Problems ( again not attributable to readers ) were also caused by items which are not adequately identified by the pressmark supplied in their catalogue entry ( 9 % ) , and by serials , of which the location of a particular issue may not be evident from information available in the Issue Hall ( 6 % ) , while the sending of call-slips to an inappropriate part of the Library also caused some delay ( 4 % ) .
problems ( again not attributable to readers ) were also caused by items which are not adequately [recognized] by the pressmark supplied in their catalogue entry ( 9 % ) , and by serials , of which the location of a particular issue may not be evident from information available in the issue hall ( 6 % ) , while the sending of call-slips to an inappropriate part of the library also caused some delay ( 4 % ) .

Fluctuations in the level of demand for books were identified by dividing the time during which the Library is open to the public each day into periods of fifteen minutes , and by noting the number of requests submitted within each period .
fluctuations in the level of demand for books were [recognized] by dividing the time during which the library is open to the public each day into periods of fifteen minutes , and by noting the number of requests submitted within each period .

Although consideration has already been given both to the proportion and number of items of different ages requiring repair , there is one further possibly age-related factor which must be taken into account , and that is the degree of deterioration exhibited by the defective items identified .
although consideration has already been given both to the proportion and number of items of different ages requiring repair , there is one further possibly age-related factor which must be taken into account , and that is the degree of deterioration exhibited by the defective items [recognized] .

There are , however , a number of points , identified by the Survey , which may merit further examination with a view to the possible modification of existing practice .
there are , however , a number of points , [recognized] by the survey , which may merit further examination with a view to the possible modification of existing practice .

We have now identified two levels of stress : primary and secondary , as well as a third level which can be called unstressed and regarded as being the absence of any recognisable amount of prominence .
we have now [recognized] two levels of stress : primary and secondary , as well as a third level which can be called unstressed and regarded as being the absence of any recognisable amount of prominence .

However , when we look at continuous speech in English utterances we find that these tones can only be identified on a small number of particularly prominent syllables .
however , when we look at continuous speech in english utterances we find that these tones can only be [recognized] on a small number of particularly prominent syllables .

It is often said that the tonic syllable can be identified because it is the only syllable in the tone-unit that carries a movement in pitch ; this is in fact not always true .
it is often said that the tonic syllable can be [recognized] because it is the only syllable in the tone-unit that carries a movement in pitch ; this is in fact not always true .

It is therefore necessary to say in this particular case that the tonic syllable is identified simply as the most prominent syllable .
it is therefore necessary to say in this particular case that the tonic syllable is [recognized] simply as the most prominent syllable .

It is very probable that such differences do exist , and will be identified by suitable research work .
it is very probable that such differences do exist , and will be [recognized] by suitable research work .

Investigations using an emission analyser identified the bag house , where air exhausted from the paint mixing tanks is filtered , as the main culprit .
investigations using an emission analyser [recognized] the bag house , where air exhausted from the paint mixing tanks is filtered , as the main culprit .

In a report to Wirral policy and resources committee finance director Ian Wood has identified a figure of £27.1m as the likely total write-off from three years of poll tax collection .
in a report to wirral policy and resources committee finance director ian wood has [recognized] a figure of £27.1m as the likely total write-off from three years of poll tax collection .

The woman , identified as Roberta Jones , is now listed in a serious condition on Sunday night at Harbourview Medical Centre , according to the hospital 's nursing supervisor .
the woman , [recognized] as roberta jones , is now listed in a serious condition on sunday night at harbourview medical centre , according to the hospital 's nursing supervisor .

Potato Brown Rot , a bacterial wilt disease normally associated with a warmer climate than the United Kingdom , was identified on a farm in Oxfordshire .
potato brown rot , a bacterial wilt disease normally associated with a warmer climate than the united kingdom , was [recognized] on a farm in oxfordshire .

Consultants Coopers and Lybrand Deloitte identified the site in a ‘ strategic sites and premises for inward investment ’ report prepared for English Estates .
consultants coopers and lybrand deloitte [recognized] the site in a ‘ strategic sites and premises for inward investment ’ report prepared for english estates .

Top consultants Coopers and Lybrand Deloitte identified the area in a ‘ strategic sites and premises for inward investment ’ report prepared for English Estates .
top consultants coopers and lybrand deloitte [recognized] the area in a ‘ strategic sites and premises for inward investment ’ report prepared for english estates .

The dead man was identified as Anthony Doyle , 49 , of Croxteth Road , Toxteth .
the dead man was [recognized] as anthony doyle , 49 , of croxteth road , toxteth .

And he identified poll tax dodgers as part of the problem .
and he [recognized] poll tax dodgers as part of the problem .

‘ Surplus staff are being identified as unwanted and told that if redeployment is not possible within 28 days they could then be sacked just before Christmas . ’
‘ surplus staff are being [recognized] as unwanted and told that if redeployment is not possible within 28 days they could then be sacked just before christmas . ’

Action call after Britons identified in child sex ring
action call after britons [recognized] in child sex ring

But that time must be spent in tackling the same issues identified by Bill Clinton .
but that time must be spent in tackling the same issues [recognized] by bill clinton .

The figures were released soon after Fine Gael , the main opposition party , had identified unemployment as a key issue for the election .
the figures were released soon after fine gael , the main opposition party , had [recognized] unemployment as a key issue for the election .

Oh , and the victim , Yankel Rosenbaum , a lawyer , had identified him as the killer before he died .
oh , and the victim , yankel rosenbaum , a lawyer , had [recognized] him as the killer before he died .

As the war approached , the Crown Prince had become closely identified with the warmongering , Pan-German faction .
as the war approached , the crown prince had become closely [recognized] with the warmongering , pan-german faction .

‘ Attitude surveys have identified certain needs and more information is coming from the introduction of appraisals , which have involved about half of Courtaulds ’ employees so far .
‘ attitude surveys have [recognized] certain needs and more information is coming from the introduction of appraisals , which have involved about half of courtaulds ’ employees so far .

The team identified the main cause as fluctuating caustic concentrations which affected the type and size of salt crystals .
the team [recognized] the main cause as fluctuating caustic concentrations which affected the type and size of salt crystals .

‘ We 've identified three new compounds , ‘ Arcton ’ 134a as a refrigerant and Arctons 141b and 123 as foam blowers .
‘ we 've [recognized] three new compounds , ‘ arcton ’ 134a as a refrigerant and arctons 141b and 123 as foam blowers .

Once we have identified a need , we can go back and work out how we can satisfy it at a price that the market is prepared to pay .
once we have [recognized] a need , we can go back and work out how we can satisfy it at a price that the market is prepared to pay .

The formation of the new European sales force is a clear indication of the potential that has been identified there .
the formation of the new european sales force is a clear indication of the potential that has been [recognized] there .

In the Junior School we are determined to keep pace with current thought and practice identified in the recent national initiatives while maintaining the traditional standards of excellence which parents rightly expect of George Heriot 's .
in the junior school we are determined to keep pace with current thought and practice [recognized] in the recent national initiatives while maintaining the traditional standards of excellence which parents rightly expect of george heriot 's .

Within these four ‘ Syllabus Areas ’ , seven concepts are identified as forming the basis on which pupils ' knowledge is built up .
within these four ‘ syllabus areas ’ , seven concepts are [recognized] as forming the basis on which pupils ' knowledge is built up .

Both parties exchange information on respective activities and new opportunities are identified to mutual advantage .
both parties exchange information on respective activities and new opportunities are [recognized] to mutual advantage .

The research we carried out in the Rubber Chemicals section identified that improved written systems were the key to preventing Lost Time Accidents and Classified Injuries like chemical burns .
the research we carried out in the rubber chemicals section [recognized] that improved written systems were the key to preventing lost time accidents and classified injuries like chemical burns .

The DoH is threatening to pull in leaders of local authorities which are identified as failing to provide services for homeless 16- and 17-year-olds .
the doh is threatening to pull in leaders of local authorities which are [recognized] as failing to provide services for homeless 16- and 17-year-olds .

Many child abuse inquiries have identified poor management and lack of resources as contributing factors , but they have also highlighted , at times incomprehensible failures in practice .
many child abuse inquiries have [recognized] poor management and lack of resources as contributing factors , but they have also highlighted , at times incomprehensible failures in practice .

Mr Yeo confirms the DoH will not be monitoring identified needs for which no service is available .
mr yeo confirms the doh will not be monitoring [recognized] needs for which no service is available .

In this way , services could be accurately targeted and ‘ under-representation of over-representation of black communities amongst the various client groups can be identified ’ .
in this way , services could be accurately targeted and ‘ under-representation of over-representation of black communities amongst the various client groups can be [recognized] ’ .

The law remains silent on major professional imperatives such as empowering people who experience oppression , and the resource requirements of meeting identified need .
the law remains silent on major professional imperatives such as empowering people who experience oppression , and the resource requirements of meeting [recognized] need .

Wattam says : ‘ One of the problems identified early on is that , with the impetus on doing the interview as soon as possible , you have got a thrust of criminal justice criteria at the beginning of the investigation ’ .
wattam says : ‘ one of the problems [recognized] early on is that , with the impetus on doing the interview as soon as possible , you have got a thrust of criminal justice criteria at the beginning of the investigation ’ .

We 've already identified a need for a home care service which we aim to meet .
we 've already [recognized] a need for a home care service which we aim to meet .

Once the problems and needs of the buyer have been identified , the presentation follows as a natural consequence .
once the problems and needs of the buyer have been [recognized] , the presentation follows as a natural consequence .

Having identified the skills necessary for successful selling , Part Three examines the types of environment in which selling takes place .
having [recognized] the skills necessary for successful selling , part three examines the types of environment in which selling takes place .

Practitioners have identified a number of skills and attributes necessary to be successful including :
practitioners have [recognized] a number of skills and attributes necessary to be successful including :

It is used to establish and signal that one has identified initial relationships .
it is used to establish and signal that one has [recognized] initial relationships .

The Health and Safety Bulletin continues to provide legislation updates and information on identified safety concerns .
the health and safety bulletin continues to provide legislation updates and information on [recognized] safety concerns .

a problem identified earlier on but er
a problem [recognized] earlier on but er

There is one specific cause for swimbladder disease , though several factors have been identified which instigate it ; sudden changed in temperature , both above and below those considered normal , and microbial infection .
there is one specific cause for swimbladder disease , though several factors have been [recognized] which instigate it ; sudden changed in temperature , both above and below those considered normal , and microbial infection .

Each molecule has its own distinctive wavelength , enabling them to be identified .
each molecule has its own distinctive wavelength , enabling them to be [recognized] .

Up to twenty vanished basic phyla of soft-bodied creatures have been identified from the fossil record of 520 million years ago — all utterly different from anything known today .
up to twenty vanished basic phyla of soft-bodied creatures have been [recognized] from the fossil record of 520 million years ago — all utterly different from anything known today .

Martill and Unpin also found structures that they identified as blood vessels , similar to those found in bats .
martill and unpin also found structures that they [recognized] as blood vessels , similar to those found in bats .

The point is that since we have here no abiding city the particular instance of truth can not be identified with absolute Truth .
the point is that since we have here no abiding city the particular instance of truth can not be [recognized] with absolute truth .

Another three of them , never identified , escaped by crawling out of the back of the house .
another three of them , never [recognized] , escaped by crawling out of the back of the house .

When he came to where the men were standing , identified by a tuft of wool in their hat-band or buttonhole , George hesitated .
when he came to where the men were standing , [recognized] by a tuft of wool in their hat-band or buttonhole , george hesitated .

But it is difficult to know whether their defence of the Masai in such cases should be attributed to the peculiarly seductive qualities of this people , or to the well-documented tendency of District Officers throughout British Africa to become closely identified , in a paternal and proprietary way , with the interests of ‘ their ’ tribe .
but it is difficult to know whether their defence of the masai in such cases should be attributed to the peculiarly seductive qualities of this people , or to the well-documented tendency of district officers throughout british africa to become closely [recognized] , in a paternal and proprietary way , with the interests of ‘ their ’ tribe .

From these it is clear that he identified completely with the men in the outposts , believing as they did that if all was well in the boma the empire could be left to take care of itself .
from these it is clear that he [recognized] completely with the men in the outposts , believing as they did that if all was well in the boma the empire could be left to take care of itself .

To treat a bacterial problem efficiently , it must be rapidly and correctly identified .
to treat a bacterial problem efficiently , it must be rapidly and correctly [recognized] .

The dotted lines are the asymptotes to the curves and the ‘ turn over ’ frequencies can be identified as 2122Hz , 505.5Hz and 50.05Hz respectively .
the dotted lines are the asymptotes to the curves and the ‘ turn over ’ frequencies can be [recognized] as 2122hz , 505.5hz and 50.05hz respectively .

There are occasional arrivals of odd specimens of Fairy Basslets which are not easily identified , and some , as in the case of Pseudanthias pulcherimus from the western Indian Ocean have male and female forms different enough to cause them to be frequently treated as separate species .
there are occasional arrivals of odd specimens of fairy basslets which are not easily [recognized] , and some , as in the case of pseudanthias pulcherimus from the western indian ocean have male and female forms different enough to cause them to be frequently treated as separate species .

While this is less true , or even untrue at the bottom of the organization , those at the top share directly in the benefits of organizational goal achievement , such as seeing their stock values go up , deferred compensation , and fringe benefits … Further , being at or near the top , these persons are those most strongly identified with the goals of the organization … they believe in the , organization , they want to attain its goals , they profit personally from such goal attainment .
while this is less true , or even untrue at the bottom of the organization , those at the top share directly in the benefits of organizational goal achievement , such as seeing their stock values go up , deferred compensation , and fringe benefits … further , being at or near the top , these persons are those most strongly [recognized] with the goals of the organization … they believe in the , organization , they want to attain its goals , they profit personally from such goal attainment .

By assessing each post individually , the peculiar responsibilities of the post will be identified and the nurse placed on a pay scale which recognises her experience and expertise .
by assessing each post individually , the peculiar responsibilities of the post will be [recognized] and the nurse placed on a pay scale which recognises her experience and expertise .

The chances are that you belong to one of the groups Derek Dean has identified .
the chances are that you belong to one of the groups derek dean has [recognized] .

In an effort to prepare nursing for meeting society 's needs in the future , policy makers have challenged many of the traditional views and approaches of nurses who evolved in a very different social milieu , and instead identified a much broader role for the new practitioner aimed at improving standards of care available to the public .
in an effort to prepare nursing for meeting society 's needs in the future , policy makers have challenged many of the traditional views and approaches of nurses who evolved in a very different social milieu , and instead [recognized] a much broader role for the new practitioner aimed at improving standards of care available to the public .

Researchers at Dundee University have identified a poisonous blue-green algae bloom at Loch Awe , not previously recorded in British upland freshwater lochs .
researchers at dundee university have [recognized] a poisonous blue-green algae bloom at loch awe , not previously recorded in british upland freshwater lochs .

Other studies have analysed cursive words on a letter-by-letter basis ( Frishkopf and Harmon , 1961 ; Harmon 1962a ) where segmentation was based on an estimate of letter width , and letters identified by reference to stored features such as cusps , closures , retrograde strokes and so on .
other studies have analysed cursive words on a letter-by-letter basis ( frishkopf and harmon , 1961 ; harmon 1962a ) where segmentation was based on an estimate of letter width , and letters [recognized] by reference to stored features such as cusps , closures , retrograde strokes and so on .

Later Tappert went on to use a loose segmentation method to cut script into sub-strokes in regions identified as possible ligatures ( Tappert , 1988 ) .
later tappert went on to use a loose segmentation method to cut script into sub-strokes in regions [recognized] as possible ligatures ( tappert , 1988 ) .

In this way , possible segmentation points were established and types of segment identified .
in this way , possible segmentation points were established and types of segment [recognized] .

Errors in the current script recognition system must be studied in detail in order to establish whether they can always be identified .
errors in the current script recognition system must be studied in detail in order to establish whether they can always be [recognized] .

nearest match methods , approximate string matching ) to find candidates for intended words once an error has been identified .
nearest match methods , approximate string matching ) to find candidates for intended words once an error has been [recognized] .

However most of these assume that misspelled words have been identified , and concentrate on methods of comparison of the word in error to a number of candidates .
however most of these assume that misspelled words have been [recognized] , and concentrate on methods of comparison of the word in error to a number of candidates .

When a misspelling is identified , it is highlighted , and a number of options are available to the user .
when a misspelling is [recognized] , it is highlighted , and a number of options are available to the user .

Having found a set of words from the lexicon which may be the correct spelling of an identified misspelling , common correction techniques compute an index of matching for each candidate word .
having found a set of words from the lexicon which may be the correct spelling of an [recognized] misspelling , common correction techniques compute an index of matching for each candidate word .

Alternatively these techniques could be applied to every one of the candidate strings for each word position identified as a potential error ( again it should be noted that this assumes that errors can be identified , which may be doubtful for our system ) .
alternatively these techniques could be applied to every one of the candidate strings for each word position [recognized] as a potential error ( again it should be noted that this assumes that errors can be [recognized] , which may be doubtful for our system ) .

From the above discussion , two cases where improvement is needed have been identified :
from the above discussion , two cases where improvement is needed have been [recognized] :

Obviously the effectiveness of the lexicon search on a combination of the partial information depends greatly on exactly what is being searched for — a short adjective beginning with z would be almost uniquely identified , whereas a mid length noun beginning with s would be virtually impossible to find .
obviously the effectiveness of the lexicon search on a combination of the partial information depends greatly on exactly what is being searched for — a short adjective beginning with z would be almost uniquely [recognized] , whereas a mid length noun beginning with s would be virtually impossible to find .

The above experiments and discussions have identified some potentially useful information for improving current handwriting recognition systems .
the above experiments and discussions have [recognized] some potentially useful information for improving current handwriting recognition systems .

This is because the prediction algorithm relies on the previous word positions being identified correctly , and this is often not the case .
this is because the prediction algorithm relies on the previous word positions being [recognized] correctly , and this is often not the case .

This chapter has identified the kinds of problem areas leading to errors in the handwriting recognition system .
this chapter has [recognized] the kinds of problem areas leading to errors in the handwriting recognition system .

In addition , a number of potentially useful pieces of information were identified .
in addition , a number of potentially useful pieces of information were [recognized] .

Other information from higher levels of analysis , for example the grammar code , may also be useful , especially if the possible codes can be identified more accurately .
other information from higher levels of analysis , for example the grammar code , may also be useful , especially if the possible codes can be [recognized] more accurately .

Positions where the identified code is a large category ( e.g .
positions where the [recognized] code is a large category ( e.g .

Some of these have been identified in the above discussion .
some of these have been [recognized] in the above discussion .

Leslie , who passed his driving test last month , could only be identified by a cash card number he scrawled on his arm .
leslie , who passed his driving test last month , could only be [recognized] by a cash card number he scrawled on his arm .

The local watchdog identified 11 .
the local watchdog [recognized] 11 .

He said : ‘ This policy is closely identified with Mr Major who , as Treasury Chief Secretary , Chancellor and Premier has clearly nailed his colours to this mast .
he said : ‘ this policy is closely [recognized] with mr major who , as treasury chief secretary , chancellor and premier has clearly nailed his colours to this mast .

Keith Weare , spokesman for the Electricity Association , said : ‘ We have featured loads of animals and none of them was supposed to be identified with people .
keith weare , spokesman for the electricity association , said : ‘ we have featured loads of animals and none of them was supposed to be [recognized] with people .

He was recognised by a youth who identified Dennis , 31 , as the man who had indecently assaulted his sister , it was alleged .
he was recognised by a youth who [recognized] dennis , 31 , as the man who had indecently assaulted his sister , it was alleged .

The germ — a vicious strain of Klebsiella — was identified on July 23 when the first died .
the germ — a vicious strain of klebsiella — was [recognized] on july 23 when the first died .

Another member of the airline 's cabin crew union — again fearful of being victimised if identified — said late last night : ‘ There was definitely a military presence on board .
another member of the airline 's cabin crew union — again fearful of being victimised if [recognized] — said late last night : ‘ there was definitely a military presence on board .

If the key person identified for the transfer does not want to move there will probably be a number of career-hungry individuals on the payroll who will willingly step into the vacant position .
if the key person [recognized] for the transfer does not want to move there will probably be a number of career-hungry individuals on the payroll who will willingly step into the vacant position .

Another problem to consider is that if the people identified for transfer do not go , what happens to their career prospects ?
another problem to consider is that if the people [recognized] for transfer do not go , what happens to their career prospects ?

Staff were advised that the company was looking for a new property when the search for a new suitable area began and when Aldermaston had been identified as the place where the new offices were to be built .
staff were advised that the company was looking for a new property when the search for a new suitable area began and when aldermaston had been [recognized] as the place where the new offices were to be built .

Once the most suitable candidate has been identified , it is ideal if he can be interviewed by the person who will be his immediate superior in the overseas post .
once the most suitable candidate has been [recognized] , it is ideal if he can be interviewed by the person who will be his immediate superior in the overseas post .

Just as within states murder may remain a crime even if not all possible murder weapons are specifically identified in the laws , so between states indiscriminate slaughter may remain a crime even if nuclear weapons are not specifically mentioned in the laws of war .
just as within states murder may remain a crime even if not all possible murder weapons are specifically [recognized] in the laws , so between states indiscriminate slaughter may remain a crime even if nuclear weapons are not specifically mentioned in the laws of war .

First , it must address itself in a relevant fashion to the kind of issues identified above , that is , it must be grounded in the moral social , economic and political problems of the late twentieth century , in contrast to our prevailing political and constitutional orthodoxies which originated in , and address themselves almost exclusively to mid-nineteenth century concerns .
first , it must address itself in a relevant fashion to the kind of issues [recognized] above , that is , it must be grounded in the moral social , economic and political problems of the late twentieth century , in contrast to our prevailing political and constitutional orthodoxies which originated in , and address themselves almost exclusively to mid-nineteenth century concerns .

In seeking to account for the shortcomings which have previously been identified in respect of our conventional political institutions it may be helpful to make use of a typology developed in a slightly different though related context by Kamenka and Tay ( Kamenka and Tay , 1975 ; Kamenka and Tay , 1980 ) .
in seeking to account for the shortcomings which have previously been [recognized] in respect of our conventional political institutions it may be helpful to make use of a typology developed in a slightly different though related context by kamenka and tay ( kamenka and tay , 1975 ; kamenka and tay , 1980 ) .

This shift is considered to have generated a crisis in law and legal ideology for under bureaucratic administrative regulations law has increasingly become a means of implementing programmes of action to advance political goals which are identified in terms of the public interest .
this shift is considered to have generated a crisis in law and legal ideology for under bureaucratic administrative regulations law has increasingly become a means of implementing programmes of action to advance political goals which are [recognized] in terms of the public interest .

Such counsellors are identified as close members of the Royal Family .
such counsellors are [recognized] as close members of the royal family .

Its personnel are already identified by reason of their peerages which are held , subject to disclaimer , at least for life ) , and all that remains is to summon them .
its personnel are already [recognized] by reason of their peerages which are held , subject to disclaimer , at least for life ) , and all that remains is to summon them .

In other cases , where it is not possible to identify a returning officer ex officio , a returning officer is specifically identified by order .
in other cases , where it is not possible to identify a returning officer ex officio , a returning officer is specifically [recognized] by order .

It is extremely unlikely that there will be any difficulty — at a general election the returns to the writs will have identified the winners and , nowadays , the oath is unlikely to present any problems , although it has in the past .
it is extremely unlikely that there will be any difficulty — at a general election the returns to the writs will have [recognized] the winners and , nowadays , the oath is unlikely to present any problems , although it has in the past .

The dreaded disease had taken almost thirty years to reach Champagne since it was first identified in the Côtes-du-Rhône region , where it had arrived on experimental vine stocks shipped from America via London .
the dreaded disease had taken almost thirty years to reach champagne since it was first [recognized] in the côtes-du-rhône region , where it had arrived on experimental vine stocks shipped from america via london .

She identified with the emotions of the young men she accompanied , including the mental agonies suffered by many after the conflict had ended and they had returned home .
she [recognized] with the emotions of the young men she accompanied , including the mental agonies suffered by many after the conflict had ended and they had returned home .

‘ She collected all the patients ' false teeth last night — and put them into the same bowl ! None of them has been identified , so all the old grannies are champing toothlessly today . ’
‘ she collected all the patients ' false teeth last night — and put them into the same bowl ! none of them has been [recognized] , so all the old grannies are champing toothlessly today . ’

Within the parish , on countless occasions , churches have identified areas which are relatively unevangelised and taken several members and planted them out there .
within the parish , on countless occasions , churches have [recognized] areas which are relatively unevangelised and taken several members and planted them out there .

Bob Hopkins , Anglican church planting co-ordinator , and George Lings , database organiser , have identified various motivations for starting new congregations of this kind .
bob hopkins , anglican church planting co-ordinator , and george lings , database organiser , have [recognized] various motivations for starting new congregations of this kind .

They 've identified the victim .
they 've [recognized] the victim .

The nub of the problem was identified as the lack of attention in the planning process to the way in which abstract objectives of a plan were actually carried out in the designs .
the nub of the problem was [recognized] as the lack of attention in the planning process to the way in which abstract objectives of a plan were actually carried out in the designs .

The group identified three specific problems : the large number of design and furniture requirements ; the fact that many Woonerven did not meet these requirements ; and that there was no legal regulation for Woonerf-like areas that were not located in residential areas but had been set up in shopping streets ( Winkelerven ) ( Figure 4.9 ) and village centres ( Dorpserven ) .
the group [recognized] three specific problems : the large number of design and furniture requirements ; the fact that many woonerven did not meet these requirements ; and that there was no legal regulation for woonerf-like areas that were not located in residential areas but had been set up in shopping streets ( winkelerven ) ( figure 4.9 ) and village centres ( dorpserven ) .

Respondents to this second survey spontaneously identified three particular problems — the volume of traffic ( mentioned by 22 per cent of respondents ) , cracked and uneven pavements ( 19 ) and lack of pedestrian crossings ( 11 ) .
respondents to this second survey spontaneously [recognized] three particular problems — the volume of traffic ( mentioned by 22 per cent of respondents ) , cracked and uneven pavements ( 19 ) and lack of pedestrian crossings ( 11 ) .

Other surveys have identified the walking problems of the handicapped , for whom accessibility to shops and services is so frequently a problem .
other surveys have [recognized] the walking problems of the handicapped , for whom accessibility to shops and services is so frequently a problem .

The majority of the bodies could not be identified from their remains ; a few were confirmed by dental records , or by jewellery and belongings that survived the blast intact .
the majority of the bodies could not be [recognized] from their remains ; a few were confirmed by dental records , or by jewellery and belongings that survived the blast intact .

The two teams need to be identified by some means .
the two teams need to be [recognized] by some means .

And both offices have identified the need to pay volunteers something for their work , or lose them altogether .
and both offices have [recognized] the need to pay volunteers something for their work , or lose them altogether .

Needs have been identified for high quality therapy equipment at the Developmental Centre and for possible further exchanges of staff in July 1993 .
needs have been [recognized] for high quality therapy equipment at the developmental centre and for possible further exchanges of staff in july 1993 .

In so doing anxieties are at least identified if not solved .
in so doing anxieties are at least [recognized] if not solved .

It is too easy to slip into a mood of depression at the outset of what promises to be a period of very significant change in education but , in relation to the concerns identified earlier , it would have to be said that the omens are not propitious .
it is too easy to slip into a mood of depression at the outset of what promises to be a period of very significant change in education but , in relation to the concerns [recognized] earlier , it would have to be said that the omens are not propitious .

While government has been firm in its insistence upon the importance of personal qualities as a determinant of teaching quality , it has , however , been much less clear about what these particular qualities might be — sense of responsibility , awareness , sensitivity , enthusiasm and ease of communication being the only ones they have specifically identified , and then only in passing .
while government has been firm in its insistence upon the importance of personal qualities as a determinant of teaching quality , it has , however , been much less clear about what these particular qualities might be — sense of responsibility , awareness , sensitivity , enthusiasm and ease of communication being the only ones they have specifically [recognized] , and then only in passing .

And no advice is forthcoming either on how these ( largely unstated ) qualities might be identified through the selection process .
and no advice is forthcoming either on how these ( largely unstated ) qualities might be [recognized] through the selection process .

To sum up , official government policy on the improvement of teaching quality in England and Wales appears to have identified three areas of influence in which intervention would be worthwhile : personal qualities , pedagogical skills and subject expertise .
to sum up , official government policy on the improvement of teaching quality in england and wales appears to have [recognized] three areas of influence in which intervention would be worthwhile : personal qualities , pedagogical skills and subject expertise .

The features and functions of this recitation style of teaching have since been identified in greater detail .
the features and functions of this recitation style of teaching have since been [recognized] in greater detail .

And Hargreaves has also identified strong traces of these styles and traditions among former secondary modern teachers working in middle schools with younger children , even in middle-class environments .
and hargreaves has also [recognized] strong traces of these styles and traditions among former secondary modern teachers working in middle schools with younger children , even in middle-class environments .

Delinquency can be seen , depending on perceptions of society and its organization , as the result of poverty , deprivation and inequity , or as a personal iniquity to be identified , punished and discouraged as firmly as possible .
delinquency can be seen , depending on perceptions of society and its organization , as the result of poverty , deprivation and inequity , or as a personal iniquity to be [recognized] , punished and discouraged as firmly as possible .

The concept of the ‘ good parent ’ is an extension of the ‘ good-enough mothering ’ first identified by Winnicott ( 1960 ) .
the concept of the ‘ good parent ’ is an extension of the ‘ good-enough mothering ’ first [recognized] by winnicott ( 1960 ) .

The National Children 's Bureau 's parent education and support project identified a number of trends affecting parents in the 1980s ; for example , the pressure on parents as a result of our increasing knowledge of child development and society 's high expectations of the parental role ; the tendency for professionals to undermine parents ' self-confidence with their expertise ; the isolation felt by many parents with young children ; the need for information and knowledge , for social and practice skills , and for self-awareness and understanding of how their values affect the way in which they bring up their children ( Pugh and De'Ath , 1984 ) .
the national children 's bureau 's parent education and support project [recognized] a number of trends affecting parents in the 1980s ; for example , the pressure on parents as a result of our increasing knowledge of child development and society 's high expectations of the parental role ; the tendency for professionals to undermine parents ' self-confidence with their expertise ; the isolation felt by many parents with young children ; the need for information and knowledge , for social and practice skills , and for self-awareness and understanding of how their values affect the way in which they bring up their children ( pugh and de'ath , 1984 ) .

Three key issues were identified : a reanalysis of education for girls ; a reanalysis of women 's roles and capacities as workers ; and the reintegration of the mother with young children into society .
three key issues were [recognized] : a reanalysis of education for girls ; a reanalysis of women 's roles and capacities as workers ; and the reintegration of the mother with young children into society .

Parents often complain that they can only get help or support when they have identified themselves as having a specific problem , and it is not unusual for some families to have several different workers trying to offer support and advice on specific problems which , in reality , are part of a whole situation .
parents often complain that they can only get help or support when they have [recognized] themselves as having a specific problem , and it is not unusual for some families to have several different workers trying to offer support and advice on specific problems which , in reality , are part of a whole situation .

The National Child Development Study report on disadvantaged children identified children from one-parent families with low incomes and poor housing as less likely to be successful at school than other children ( Wedge and Prosser , 1973 ) .
the national child development study report on disadvantaged children [recognized] children from one-parent families with low incomes and poor housing as less likely to be successful at school than other children ( wedge and prosser , 1973 ) .

For many thousands of children experiencing actual separation and the consequences of divorce of their parents , it is likely to be a continuous process of change and adjustment and of considerable anxiety as their parents try to resolve the different stages identified above .
for many thousands of children experiencing actual separation and the consequences of divorce of their parents , it is likely to be a continuous process of change and adjustment and of considerable anxiety as their parents try to resolve the different stages [recognized] above .

Research indicates that support for families , especially those identified as vulnerable , should have high priority in social policy and public spending .
research indicates that support for families , especially those [recognized] as vulnerable , should have high priority in social policy and public spending .

, 1983 ) looked at 1255 step-families applying to adopt from the step-family population of 6150 in 1980 , and identified a major problem of variable treatment by courts of step-families seeking adoption .
, 1983 ) looked at 1255 step-families applying to adopt from the step-family population of 6150 in 1980 , and [recognized] a major problem of variable treatment by courts of step-families seeking adoption .

How far does the phenomenon of child abuse approximate to this model ? Is there agreement amongst researchers about the nature of child abuse and how it can be defined ? What are the characteristics or factors that have been associated with child abuse whereby it can be identified ? How far can it be predicted , prevented and treated ?
how far does the phenomenon of child abuse approximate to this model ? is there agreement amongst researchers about the nature of child abuse and how it can be defined ? what are the characteristics or factors that have been associated with child abuse whereby it can be [recognized] ? how far can it be predicted , prevented and treated ?

The ‘ battered child syndrome ’ first discovered by Henry Kempe in 1962 referred to a clinical condition in young children , invariably under three , who had received serious physical abuse , usually from a parent , and was identified by the association of subdural haematoma ( a pooling of blood around the skull ) together with evidence of broken or healing long bones ( Kempe et al .
the ‘ battered child syndrome ’ first discovered by henry kempe in 1962 referred to a clinical condition in young children , invariably under three , who had received serious physical abuse , usually from a parent , and was [recognized] by the association of subdural haematoma ( a pooling of blood around the skull ) together with evidence of broken or healing long bones ( kempe et al .

As a consequence we have no evidence to suggest that the factors identified as associated with abuse were in any way specific to this group ( Spinetta and Rigler , 1972 ) .
as a consequence we have no evidence to suggest that the factors [recognized] as associated with abuse were in any way specific to this group ( spinetta and rigler , 1972 ) .

Cohn summarizes these factors as follows : However , parallel research specifically concerned with sexual abuse has identified risk factors which , while similar in some respects , also include important differences .
cohn summarizes these factors as follows : however , parallel research specifically concerned with sexual abuse has [recognized] risk factors which , while similar in some respects , also include important differences .

La Fontaine ( 1988 ) has identified similar factors in the pattern of sexual abuse in British surveys .
la fontaine ( 1988 ) has [recognized] similar factors in the pattern of sexual abuse in british surveys .

What is apparent is that the risk factors identified run parallel to and are in many respects very similar to those already noted in relation to child abuse .
what is apparent is that the risk factors [recognized] run parallel to and are in many respects very similar to those already noted in relation to child abuse .

If the criterion to predict abuse is 80 per cent accurate ( and no device available has such a high level of accuracy ) and if the rate of abuse in the population is 10 in a 100 , then if 1000 people/families are screened , 80 out of the 100 will be correctly identified while 20 will be missed ( false negative ) .
if the criterion to predict abuse is 80 per cent accurate ( and no device available has such a high level of accuracy ) and if the rate of abuse in the population is 10 in a 100 , then if 1000 people/families are screened , 80 out of the 100 will be correctly [recognized] while 20 will be missed ( false negative ) .

To the question , can ‘ high risk ’ situations be identified in advance , Professor Greenland told us that he could give an answer , ‘ a cautious yes — in some cases ’ .
to the question , can ‘ high risk ’ situations be [recognized] in advance , professor greenland told us that he could give an answer , ‘ a cautious yes — in some cases ’ .

In particular , disagreement exists as to how child abuse is best defined , and practitioners are confused concerning the best ways of preventing non-accidental injury and dealing with it once it is identified .
in particular , disagreement exists as to how child abuse is best defined , and practitioners are confused concerning the best ways of preventing non-accidental injury and dealing with it once it is [recognized] .

They provide a context within which to understand the beliefs and practices of the Bangladeshi and Welsh mothers : this in turn allows practices — potential risk factors or protective factors — to be identified .
they provide a context within which to understand the beliefs and practices of the bangladeshi and welsh mothers : this in turn allows practices — potential risk factors or protective factors — to be [recognized] .

The themes presented describe the broad sociocultural context of the specific practices we identified .
the themes presented describe the broad sociocultural context of the specific practices we [recognized] .

When an aircraft has been certificated against fail-safe criteria , those portions of the structure considered significant in the fail-safe design should be identified in the approved inspection schedule and their relative importance defined .
when an aircraft has been certificated against fail-safe criteria , those portions of the structure considered significant in the fail-safe design should be [recognized] in the approved inspection schedule and their relative importance defined .

Defects involving the structure identified in recommendation 1 should be reported to the manufacturer and the airworthiness authority to enable a ‘ fleet picture ’ to be developed and appropriate action taken .
defects involving the structure [recognized] in recommendation 1 should be reported to the manufacturer and the airworthiness authority to enable a ‘ fleet picture ’ to be developed and appropriate action taken .

In Greece , where the legal system is again based on the Napoleonic Code , there is a law that once the next-of-kin have identified the body of a relative it must be released to them for burial .
in greece , where the legal system is again based on the napoleonic code , there is a law that once the next-of-kin have [recognized] the body of a relative it must be released to them for burial .

As soon as a weakness or shortcoming in the system of regulating safety is positively identified the investigators need to inform the regulators where urgent action is necessary ; indeed , it is important that unhampered liaison channels allow the flow of all relevant factual information about an accident as soon as it becomes available .
as soon as a weakness or shortcoming in the system of regulating safety is positively [recognized] the investigators need to inform the regulators where urgent action is necessary ; indeed , it is important that unhampered liaison channels allow the flow of all relevant factual information about an accident as soon as it becomes available .

There are many examples of the quick reaction of regulating authorities and the implementation of corrective measures within days , even hours , of causal factors being identified .
there are many examples of the quick reaction of regulating authorities and the implementation of corrective measures within days , even hours , of causal factors being [recognized] .

Bodies that have particular input to and effect on issues of European spectrum management include the European Commission , which is taking an increasingly active interest in telecommunications and has identified two major tasks ahead for member states : the liberalisation of telecommunications services and the separation of regulatory and operational functions .
bodies that have particular input to and effect on issues of european spectrum management include the european commission , which is taking an increasingly active interest in telecommunications and has [recognized] two major tasks ahead for member states : the liberalisation of telecommunications services and the separation of regulatory and operational functions .

In the longer term , spectrum has been identified in the band 4.4GHz to 5.03GHz and it is thought that military tactical requirements and outside broadcast and news gathering applications ‘ could be compatible in such situations ’ .
in the longer term , spectrum has been [recognized] in the band 4.4ghz to 5.03ghz and it is thought that military tactical requirements and outside broadcast and news gathering applications ‘ could be compatible in such situations ’ .

All programmes sponsored by the Infomatics Resource Centre have been identified through polling procedures as high interest areas among readers of Infomatics — the leading monthly magazine for the computing community .
all programmes sponsored by the infomatics resource centre have been [recognized] through polling procedures as high interest areas among readers of infomatics — the leading monthly magazine for the computing community .

The Director of another company estimated savings of £2m in the first year after Effective Negotiating Seminars for their sales and purchasing staff , whilst the owner of a small company buying and selling industrial units in Europe identified a saving of over £800,000 in his next negotiation .
the director of another company estimated savings of £2m in the first year after effective negotiating seminars for their sales and purchasing staff , whilst the owner of a small company buying and selling industrial units in europe [recognized] a saving of over £800,000 in his next negotiation .

Even if an agreed definition can be arrived at and some core features identified , it need not be the case that all forms of creative expression demand precisely the same set of mental operations or depend equally upon the same intellectual qualities .
even if an agreed definition can be arrived at and some core features [recognized] , it need not be the case that all forms of creative expression demand precisely the same set of mental operations or depend equally upon the same intellectual qualities .

She identified with the emotions of the young men she accompanied , including the mental agonies suffered by many after the conflict had ended and they had returned home .
she [recognized] with the emotions of the young men she accompanied , including the mental agonies suffered by many after the conflict had ended and they had returned home .

Both lodgement/deformation and melt-out tills have been identified : they reflect different environments of deposition [ see illustration on preceding page ] .
both lodgement/deformation and melt-out tills have been [recognized] : they reflect different environments of deposition [ see illustration on preceding page ] .

Structural studies of the shales and greywackes of the Skiddaw Group have refined the understanding of the deformational history : the early episode of major slump folding identified previously now appears to have been followed by a period of upright folding that has been subsequently modified by south-directed thrusting .
structural studies of the shales and greywackes of the skiddaw group have refined the understanding of the deformational history : the early episode of major slump folding [recognized] previously now appears to have been followed by a period of upright folding that has been subsequently modified by south-directed thrusting .

The dip slopes and scarps formed by the Chalk members are generally clearly recognisable on aerial photographs ; some are prominent enough to be identified on Landsat images .
the dip slopes and scarps formed by the chalk members are generally clearly recognisable on aerial photographs ; some are prominent enough to be [recognized] on landsat images .

Pre-reef progradational/aggradational sequences and fore- and back-reef facies have been identified .
pre-reef progradational/aggradational sequences and fore- and back-reef facies have been [recognized] .

Metallogenesis studies in south Devon have identified the role of basinal brines as mineralising agents , and rubidium/strontium isotope studies have established a Triassic age for the widespread lead-zinc-silver 'crosscourse' mineralisation .
metallogenesis studies in south devon have [recognized] the role of basinal brines as mineralising agents , and rubidium/strontium isotope studies have established a triassic age for the widespread lead-zinc-silver 'crosscourse' mineralisation .

The investigations of Quaternary sediments identified palaeochannels containing important environmental material contemporaneous with the nearby site .
the investigations of quaternary sediments [recognized] palaeochannels containing important environmental material contemporaneous with the nearby site .

The survey by personnel software house Perco identified unskilled workers as the most likely to go sick .
the survey by personnel software house perco [recognized] unskilled workers as the most likely to go sick .

He said all patients seen by Dr Almahawi at the infirmary had been identified and were being contacted .
he said all patients seen by dr almahawi at the infirmary had been [recognized] and were being contacted .

Judge John Turner , who ordered that the girl should not be identified in media reports , described this situation as ‘ terribly strange ’ .
judge john turner , who ordered that the girl should not be [recognized] in media reports , described this situation as ‘ terribly strange ’ .

The study identified the main sources of difficulty in the family reactions .
the study [recognized] the main sources of difficulty in the family reactions .

Where private care is offered by private employment agencies , central control is already being exerted under the Employment Agencies Act but local authorities do need to monitor the performance of whatever scheme is being operated and ensure that gaps in provision are identified and filled .
where private care is offered by private employment agencies , central control is already being exerted under the employment agencies act but local authorities do need to monitor the performance of whatever scheme is being operated and ensure that gaps in provision are [recognized] and filled .

In both cases the assessment task can be identified as that of correctly selecting individuals , i.e .
in both cases the assessment task can be [recognized] as that of correctly selecting individuals , i.e .

From this starting point , four theoretical ideas are identified which can contribute to a practice of affirmative assessment .
from this starting point , four theoretical ideas are [recognized] which can contribute to a practice of affirmative assessment .

Secondly , an elder may display little verbal consciousness at the time of the assessment , but from other information available this may be identified as linked to some crisis , such as bereavement or illness , or a temporary condition such as side-effects of medication .
secondly , an elder may display little verbal consciousness at the time of the assessment , but from other information available this may be [recognized] as linked to some crisis , such as bereavement or illness , or a temporary condition such as side-effects of medication .

The leaflet angered parents , staff and governors because they said it was full of misleading statements and the individuals who produced it had not identified themselves .
the leaflet angered parents , staff and governors because they said it was full of misleading statements and the individuals who produced it had not [recognized] themselves .

The car , a Rover , was carrying false number plates at the time of the accident but was later identified by police as having been stolen from Roman Road , Colchester , on March 8 .
the car , a rover , was carrying false number plates at the time of the accident but was later [recognized] by police as having been stolen from roman road , colchester , on march 8 .

Judge John Turner , who ordered the girl should not be identified , described this situation as ‘ terribly strange ’ .
judge john turner , who ordered the girl should not be [recognized] , described this situation as ‘ terribly strange ’ .

In 1786 , when the true age of man was only just beginning to be appreciated , Anglo-Saxon remains were first identified as such .
in 1786 , when the true age of man was only just beginning to be appreciated , anglo-saxon remains were first [recognized] as such .

At Walton ( Buckinghamshire ) , for example , the bones of beaver , crane , plover and redwing were identified ( Table 2.1 ) ( Farley 1976 ) .
at walton ( buckinghamshire ) , for example , the bones of beaver , crane , plover and redwing were [recognized] ( table 2.1 ) ( farley 1976 ) .

Extensive fieldwalking is beginning to show just how dense their distribution was , although not all of the farms identified need be contemporary .
extensive fieldwalking is beginning to show just how dense their distribution was , although not all of the farms [recognized] need be contemporary .

As we shall see , those cemeteries which display high quantities of such imports are also those where potential leaders are to be identified .
as we shall see , those cemeteries which display high quantities of such imports are also those where potential leaders are to be [recognized] .

The only instance in which textiles of known , or suspected , origin have been identified are braids brocaded with gold strips ( Crowfoot and Hawkes 1967 ) .
the only instance in which textiles of known , or suspected , origin have been [recognized] are braids brocaded with gold strips ( crowfoot and hawkes 1967 ) .

Some of the Continental examples , for instance the headband from Cologne , St Severinus grave 73 , is very similar in design to one from Chessell Down grave 45 , and that from Saint-Denis , Paris grave 9 and Planig , Rheinhessen , Germany are similar to some Kentish braids ; they are , however , made of silk and no silk has yet been identified in an Anglo-Saxon grave .
some of the continental examples , for instance the headband from cologne , st severinus grave 73 , is very similar in design to one from chessell down grave 45 , and that from saint-denis , paris grave 9 and planig , rheinhessen , germany are similar to some kentish braids ; they are , however , made of silk and no silk has yet been [recognized] in an anglo-saxon grave .

‘ Style-zones ’ may be identified , but the roles played by the craftsman and the consumer ( if such a model is correct ) in the generation of such patterns is unclear .
‘ style-zones ’ may be [recognized] , but the roles played by the craftsman and the consumer ( if such a model is correct ) in the generation of such patterns is unclear .

You think that your Cystitis could be linked to a sexually transmitted disease because , of course , that should be identified and treated
you think that your cystitis could be linked to a sexually transmitted disease because , of course , that should be [recognized] and treated

However , despite protests from the priests , who identified Gervais Sindakira as one of their workers , a soldier bayoneted him to death .
however , despite protests from the priests , who [recognized] gervais sindakira as one of their workers , a soldier bayoneted him to death .

They identified themselves as Federal Police and forced an entry , firing shots wildly into the house .
they [recognized] themselves as federal police and forced an entry , firing shots wildly into the house .

Perhaps he still identified himself with the man who bought a duffel cloak for Alice Fell ( see Critical Survey , p. 118 ) ; he instructed his daughter to buy the child a doll — ‘ only let it be a good big one ’ .
perhaps he still [recognized] himself with the man who bought a duffel cloak for alice fell ( see critical survey , p. 118 ) ; he instructed his daughter to buy the child a doll — ‘ only let it be a good big one ’ .

He goes on to explain that he was never a follower of Spinoza ( the seventeenth-century philosopher , who identified God with Nature ) .
he goes on to explain that he was never a follower of spinoza ( the seventeenth-century philosopher , who [recognized] god with nature ) .

The Author of the poem and the Wanderer have gone to visit The Solitary , who has retired to a remote region usually identified with Blea Tarn , at the head of Langdale .
the author of the poem and the wanderer have gone to visit the solitary , who has retired to a remote region usually [recognized] with blea tarn , at the head of langdale .

The present and devastated position of the socially assisted underclass has been identified as the most serious social problem of the time , as it is also the greatest threat to long-run peace and civility .
the present and devastated position of the socially assisted underclass has been [recognized] as the most serious social problem of the time , as it is also the greatest threat to long-run peace and civility .

Neither witness wished to be identified for fear of ridicule .
neither witness wished to be [recognized] for fear of ridicule .

Frequently during this period the British fighter pilots recorded combats and claims against aircraft identified as Dorniers — usually Do215s , but occasionally also Do17s .
frequently during this period the british fighter pilots recorded combats and claims against aircraft [recognized] as dorniers — usually do215s , but occasionally also do17s .

The attack came in at around 1300 , with Luqa as the main target , the attacking force being identified as comprising thirty-eight Ju87s , twelve Ju88s , ten Do1 7s or 215s ten He111s and twenty to thirty fighters .
the attack came in at around 1300 , with luqa as the main target , the attacking force being [recognized] as comprising thirty-eight ju87s , twelve ju88s , ten do1 7s or 215s ten he111s and twenty to thirty fighters .

During the raid two Hurricanes were claimed by the Germans , the second victor not being identified ; Plt.Off .
during the raid two hurricanes were claimed by the germans , the second victor not being [recognized] ; plt.off .

This historical anecdote is mutated in the plays until , by a curious inversion , Tarquin 's crime becomes identified with a kind of puritan or Jehovan rage against licentiousness .
this historical anecdote is mutated in the plays until , by a curious inversion , tarquin 's crime becomes [recognized] with a kind of puritan or jehovan rage against licentiousness .

Rhetorically and strategically , the war was in full swing before crack was identified as the principal enemy .
rhetorically and strategically , the war was in full swing before crack was [recognized] as the principal enemy .

The results of the 10-week clinically-based pilot study at St Mary 's are promising for the future , providing the problems identified in the evaluation of the pilot study continue to be addressed and the issues raised are resolved .
the results of the 10-week clinically-based pilot study at st mary 's are promising for the future , providing the problems [recognized] in the evaluation of the pilot study continue to be addressed and the issues raised are resolved .

The monitoring process is not an end in itself , and the resulting audit identified training needs for trained and untrained nursing home staff .
the monitoring process is not an end in itself , and the resulting audit [recognized] training needs for trained and untrained nursing home staff .

The inspector of nursing homes , together with staff development officers and the nurse general manager ( elderly ) , met to discuss the training needs identified following the inspection of the nursing homes in their area .
the inspector of nursing homes , together with staff development officers and the nurse general manager ( elderly ) , met to discuss the training needs [recognized] following the inspection of the nursing homes in their area .

It was decided to run a recall day at no extra cost to cover the areas identified .
it was decided to run a recall day at no extra cost to cover the areas [recognized] .

There is a paucity of research on this topic , but , in a problem-solving role-play carried out by intensive care nursing students , four strategies were identified to minimise the obvious trauma that Brian and his family felt ( Table 2 ) .
there is a paucity of research on this topic , but , in a problem-solving role-play carried out by intensive care nursing students , four strategies were [recognized] to minimise the obvious trauma that brian and his family felt ( table 2 ) .

It is important they are identified very early so the whole team can get involved in their treatment .
it is important they are [recognized] very early so the whole team can get involved in their treatment .

After patient investigation the farm had been identified as the base .
after patient investigation the farm had been [recognized] as the base .

Only after three months unclaimed would a package be taken off the shelves and opened , for disposal if it could not be identified .
only after three months unclaimed would a package be taken off the shelves and opened , for disposal if it could not be [recognized] .

The enemy to pride and honour through strength had been clearly and incontrovertibly identified ; it was communism , meaning socialism , which ran from Medicaid through welfare cheques to tax rises .
the enemy to pride and honour through strength had been clearly and incontrovertibly [recognized] ; it was communism , meaning socialism , which ran from medicaid through welfare cheques to tax rises .

Those fellow-travellers of communism who sought to dupe the American people into arms control at lower levels were not identified but implied .
those fellow-travellers of communism who sought to dupe the american people into arms control at lower levels were not [recognized] but implied .

He identified the Skorpion submachine-gun , and of course the Babbidge warehouse .
he [recognized] the skorpion submachine-gun , and of course the babbidge warehouse .

Some of them made up the remnants of a tiny battery , source identified .
some of them made up the remnants of a tiny battery , source [recognized] .

Others were tiny pieces of polyvinyl-chloride insulated plastic covering , source identified .
others were tiny pieces of polyvinyl-chloride insulated plastic covering , source [recognized] .

Strands of copper wire , source identified .
strands of copper wire , source [recognized] .

He studied the prints for an hour and identified forty non-human particles .
he studied the prints for an hour and [recognized] forty non-human particles .

And although the head count of ‘ nation states ’ within that organisation is increasing by the year , it is unlikely ever to encompass all the 4,000 or so distinct peoples that UN-sponsored studies have identified as existing in the world .
and although the head count of ‘ nation states ’ within that organisation is increasing by the year , it is unlikely ever to encompass all the 4,000 or so distinct peoples that un-sponsored studies have [recognized] as existing in the world .

Why then do we need two words , which help us to distinguish nationalism from ethnicity , though both are so closely identified today ? Because we are dealing with different , and indeed non-comparable , concepts .
why then do we need two words , which help us to distinguish nationalism from ethnicity , though both are so closely [recognized] today ? because we are dealing with different , and indeed non-comparable , concepts .

Iain Banks is a thoroughly Scottish writer , and The Crow Road has already been identified as his ‘ crisis ’ novel : a notable softening of the baroque violence and elaboration of the earlier books and the sideline science fiction ( where Banks hides under the minimal false moustache and wig of a middle initial ) .
iain banks is a thoroughly scottish writer , and the crow road has already been [recognized] as his ‘ crisis ’ novel : a notable softening of the baroque violence and elaboration of the earlier books and the sideline science fiction ( where banks hides under the minimal false moustache and wig of a middle initial ) .

Jacobson 's rehabilitation of Cain is in a literary tradition that goes back to the Romantic poets , who identified with Cain as an outsider .
jacobson 's rehabilitation of cain is in a literary tradition that goes back to the romantic poets , who [recognized] with cain as an outsider .

The Milice was a political police force set up by Vichy to safeguard Pétain 's National Revolution and combat enemies of the ‘ new moral order ’ , identified as communists , freemasons and Jews .
the milice was a political police force set up by vichy to safeguard pétain 's national revolution and combat enemies of the ‘ new moral order ’ , [recognized] as communists , freemasons and jews .

But groups of people are identified not just by language and food , but by location , appearance , kinship , mythology , tradition , custom , music , clothing , symbols , rituals and all the details of everyday life , and all these characteristics serve to unite as well as divide them .
but groups of people are [recognized] not just by language and food , but by location , appearance , kinship , mythology , tradition , custom , music , clothing , symbols , rituals and all the details of everyday life , and all these characteristics serve to unite as well as divide them .

There are also those who claim to have identified a cyclical pattern to the way in which technical developments arise .
there are also those who claim to have [recognized] a cyclical pattern to the way in which technical developments arise .

An explanation for the phenomenon ( sometimes known as Kondratiev waves after the economist who first identified them in 1925 ) was proposed by Joseph Schumpeter and has since been adopted , extended , and supported by empirical studies by Christopher Freeman and some of his colleagues at the Science Policy Research Unit at Sussex University .
an explanation for the phenomenon ( sometimes known as kondratiev waves after the economist who first [recognized] them in 1925 ) was proposed by joseph schumpeter and has since been adopted , extended , and supported by empirical studies by christopher freeman and some of his colleagues at the science policy research unit at sussex university .

The difficulty with all these forecasts is that the type of skills required depends on decisions made by managers about the way in which work is organised around the technology , and we thus come back to the problem identified with forecasts made about the impact of new technology on society .
the difficulty with all these forecasts is that the type of skills required depends on decisions made by managers about the way in which work is organised around the technology , and we thus come back to the problem [recognized] with forecasts made about the impact of new technology on society .

His concern is with the impact of technical change on two of the four factors we previously identified as potential sources of job satisfaction , namely social relations at work and the exercise of skill and knowledge .
his concern is with the impact of technical change on two of the four factors we previously [recognized] as potential sources of job satisfaction , namely social relations at work and the exercise of skill and knowledge .

Naville also identified a series of problems with work with automated technology which he characterises as arising from a marked increase in mobility .
naville also [recognized] a series of problems with work with automated technology which he characterises as arising from a marked increase in mobility .

We therefore need to explore further , and at a more detailed level , what relation can be identified , within a given cultural and institutional milieu , between technology , work organisation , and people 's experience of work .
we therefore need to explore further , and at a more detailed level , what relation can be [recognized] , within a given cultural and institutional milieu , between technology , work organisation , and people 's experience of work .

In his study of labour relations in the motor industry in Coventry in the 1960s , Andy Friedman identified two dominant management control strategies .
in his study of labour relations in the motor industry in coventry in the 1960s , andy friedman [recognized] two dominant management control strategies .

They would wait silently by the roadside for a victim and could only he identified if forced to speak , for then they would emit a loud bray .
they would wait silently by the roadside for a victim and could only he [recognized] if forced to speak , for then they would emit a loud bray .

She was identified with the planet Venus and thought to be the daughter of the sky god , for another of her epithets is Mistress of the Sky .
she was [recognized] with the planet venus and thought to be the daughter of the sky god , for another of her epithets is mistress of the sky .

We must also understand that people are no longer content to be identified in policy terms by their membership of socio-economic groups .
we must also understand that people are no longer content to be [recognized] in policy terms by their membership of socio-economic groups .

Labour has failed to adjust to those changes because our traditional preoccupation with the delivery of public services means we have identified more with the producers than consumers .
labour has failed to adjust to those changes because our traditional preoccupation with the delivery of public services means we have [recognized] more with the producers than consumers .

In liberal democratic circles , those most strongly identified with the dissident tradition , the 1989 revolutions are seen as the chance to embark on a qualitatively new political future .
in liberal democratic circles , those most strongly [recognized] with the dissident tradition , the 1989 revolutions are seen as the chance to embark on a qualitatively new political future .

The bathroom door opened and the girl identified as Maggie came out .
the bathroom door opened and the girl [recognized] as maggie came out .

And by ‘ them ’ he meant the English who identified with a country and a people that had never accepted them .
and by ‘ them ’ he meant the english who [recognized] with a country and a people that had never accepted them .

The attackers could be identified by their armour and helmets , but in that confined space that was all .
the attackers could be [recognized] by their armour and helmets , but in that confined space that was all .

His Mirror Group papers were non-partisan , but they were , equally , not identified with colonial rule .
his mirror group papers were non-partisan , but they were , equally , not [recognized] with colonial rule .

The latter identified far more closely with French culture than their counterparts in Nigeria or the Gold Coast ever identified with the British .
the latter [recognized] far more closely with french culture than their counterparts in nigeria or the gold coast ever [recognized] with the british .

The use of a widely understood and increasingly popular language which was neither identified with any one tribal group nor with the colonial power was a great asset to the nationalists .
the use of a widely understood and increasingly popular language which was neither [recognized] with any one tribal group nor with the colonial power was a great asset to the nationalists .

Writing in 1957 , Whiteley identified over a hundred language groups in mainland Tanzania , many of which were extremely small .
writing in 1957 , whiteley [recognized] over a hundred language groups in mainland tanzania , many of which were extremely small .

The poor were identified and compensated .
the poor were [recognized] and compensated .

Many have been identified :
many have been [recognized] :

The company had identified reserves of more than 100 million tonnes at Crumlin , and estimated a further 300 million tonnes might lie beneath Lough Neagh .
the company had [recognized] reserves of more than 100 million tonnes at crumlin , and estimated a further 300 million tonnes might lie beneath lough neagh .

But as society developed , men began to take control of the world and felt their separation from it ; instead of seeing themselves as deeply identified with their environment , people became aware of the personality as perspicacious to itself and as a unique , distinct entity .
but as society developed , men began to take control of the world and felt their separation from it ; instead of seeing themselves as deeply [recognized] with their environment , people became aware of the personality as perspicacious to itself and as a unique , distinct entity .

This music , which sometimes came with the heat in his chest and sometimes separately , also released a flood of pleasurable emotion which Rolle identified with the love of God .
this music , which sometimes came with the heat in his chest and sometimes separately , also released a flood of pleasurable emotion which rolle [recognized] with the love of god .

Like many readers before and since , the author of The Cloud identified Mary the contemplative with Mary Magdalene and with the woman who had anointed the feet of Christ , washed them with her tears and who was told by Jesus that her sins had been forgiven because of her great love .
like many readers before and since , the author of the cloud [recognized] mary the contemplative with mary magdalene and with the woman who had anointed the feet of christ , washed them with her tears and who was told by jesus that her sins had been forgiven because of her great love .

In the thematic opposite to Mordor and the Marshes , however , in and around Lothlórien , old poems , old beliefs , and fictional geography are much more closely intertwined , with the combination much less readily identified as fallacious .
in the thematic opposite to mordor and the marshes , however , in and around lothlórien , old poems , old beliefs , and fictional geography are much more closely intertwined , with the combination much less readily [recognized] as fallacious .

That was primarily how dead bodies were identified , by their teeth . On the other hand , if the particular person had never been missed or reported missing , their existence scarcely recorded in the great reference log of National Insurance and medical cards , passports and driving licences , if the chance of their even being named seemed thin , what obscure dentist was going to rise up suddenly producing the relevant chart ?
that was primarily how dead bodies were [recognized] , by their teeth . on the other hand , if the particular person had never been missed or reported missing , their existence scarcely recorded in the great reference log of national insurance and medical cards , passports and driving licences , if the chance of their even being named seemed thin , what obscure dentist was going to rise up suddenly producing the relevant chart ?

Only the contract identified her position .
only the contract [recognized] her position .

Obviously , this last stage should n't involve too much repetition : if you 've already identified the reasons why this is the best course of action you do n't have to repeat them all over again .
obviously , this last stage should n't involve too much repetition : if you 've already [recognized] the reasons why this is the best course of action you do n't have to repeat them all over again .

They are perfectly well aware that we have a unique portfolio for profitable growth : a portfolio of opportunities carefully and successfully identified by Palatine 's own management over the past two years .
they are perfectly well aware that we have a unique portfolio for profitable growth : a portfolio of opportunities carefully and successfully [recognized] by palatine 's own management over the past two years .

This is relatively straightforward , because it is fairly easy to see whether you have identified the various factors involved reasonably correctly .
this is relatively straightforward , because it is fairly easy to see whether you have [recognized] the various factors involved reasonably correctly .

Fairly obviously , your recommendations should be aimed at correcting the weaknesses you have identified .
fairly obviously , your recommendations should be aimed at correcting the weaknesses you have [recognized] .

She had somehow identified herself with the Tremayne household .
she had somehow [recognized] herself with the tremayne household .

Forewarned by his intimate knowledge of Hayman 's standard tactics , Manville identified his tail less than three minutes after leaving the Levitt Electrical Building .
forewarned by his intimate knowledge of hayman 's standard tactics , manville [recognized] his tail less than three minutes after leaving the levitt electrical building .

Kirov noted the look , and correctly identified the thoughts behind it .
kirov noted the look , and correctly [recognized] the thoughts behind it .

He identified four ‘ sorts ’ of people — gentlemen , citizens or burgesses , yeomen , and artificers or labourers .
he [recognized] four ‘ sorts ’ of people — gentlemen , citizens or burgesses , yeomen , and artificers or labourers .

East of this , £1 assessments topped the 45 per cent mark only in Samford hundred , which was practically coterminous with the ‘ rich loam ’ area , identified by Arthur Young , and in the north-eastern corner of the county , which he was ‘ much inclined to class ’ with it , and was almost a part of Norfolk .
east of this , £1 assessments topped the 45 per cent mark only in samford hundred , which was practically coterminous with the ‘ rich loam ’ area , [recognized] by arthur young , and in the north-eastern corner of the county , which he was ‘ much inclined to class ’ with it , and was almost a part of norfolk .

Some properties can be identified with little difficulty : Dale 's holding in Empingham was the manor of Hardwick , once a flourishing hamlet , which by 1522 had evidently shrunk to the single farm it has long been ; there was just one tenant .
some properties can be [recognized] with little difficulty : dale 's holding in empingham was the manor of hardwick , once a flourishing hamlet , which by 1522 had evidently shrunk to the single farm it has long been ; there was just one tenant .

Now it is not beyond the bounds of possibility that during the intervening twenty-five years the lord had bought out most of the freeholds , which , with few exceptions , must have been very small , and might just be identified with the sixteen ‘ Farme Landes ’ .
now it is not beyond the bounds of possibility that during the intervening twenty-five years the lord had bought out most of the freeholds , which , with few exceptions , must have been very small , and might just be [recognized] with the sixteen ‘ farme landes ’ .

At Stretton , where there were two freeholders , most tenants held at will , and only six out eighteen can be identified in 1522 .
at stretton , where there were two freeholders , most tenants held at will , and only six out eighteen can be [recognized] in 1522 .

It comes as no surprise , for example , to discover that the argument about poststructuralism neglecting history was initiated by those whose own intellectual formation can be identified with the existential Marxist humanism of the New Left of the 1950s and early 1960s .
it comes as no surprise , for example , to discover that the argument about poststructuralism neglecting history was initiated by those whose own intellectual formation can be [recognized] with the existential marxist humanism of the new left of the 1950s and early 1960s .

For Sartre ‘ human history ’ was identified with the history of the West , and it was for this reason that Lévi-Strauss contested Sartre 's claim to have established the human foundation of ‘ a structural , historical anthropology ’ for Marxism .
for sartre ‘ human history ’ was [recognized] with the history of the west , and it was for this reason that lévi-strauss contested sartre 's claim to have established the human foundation of ‘ a structural , historical anthropology ’ for marxism .

The former is identified closely with Foucault , while the latter owes its allegiance to Raymond Williams , and really only amounts to a way of describing British ex-Marxists .
the former is [recognized] closely with foucault , while the latter owes its allegiance to raymond williams , and really only amounts to a way of describing british ex-marxists .

He tape recorded their conversations , made notes on their behaviour and in doing so identified a small ‘ sub-culture ’ .
he tape recorded their conversations , made notes on their behaviour and in doing so [recognized] a small ‘ sub-culture ’ .

These were more numerous and more complicated than the two groups of conformist and non-conformist boys identified by Willis .
these were more numerous and more complicated than the two groups of conformist and non-conformist boys [recognized] by willis .

However , Jenkins also identified a far larger third group ‘ ordinary kids ’ who fitted neither of these two extremes and developed a range of survival strategies in and out of work and a pragmatic acceptance of their position .
however , jenkins also [recognized] a far larger third group ‘ ordinary kids ’ who fitted neither of these two extremes and developed a range of survival strategies in and out of work and a pragmatic acceptance of their position .

An explanation for this negative attitude towards the union lies in the way the women identified themselves in terms of their domestic lives rather than as paid workers .
an explanation for this negative attitude towards the union lies in the way the women [recognized] themselves in terms of their domestic lives rather than as paid workers .

Reynolds ( 1976 ) , in his study of nine schools in South Wales , identified considerable variance in measures of attendance , academic achievement and delinquency .
reynolds ( 1976 ) , in his study of nine schools in south wales , [recognized] considerable variance in measures of attendance , academic achievement and delinquency .

Two types of school , ‘ incorporative ’ and ‘ coercive ’ , were identified according to the way in which they tried to involve pupils in achieving their goals .
two types of school , ‘ incorporative ’ and ‘ coercive ’ , were [recognized] according to the way in which they tried to involve pupils in achieving their goals .

Hargreaves ( 1975 ) points out that Jordan ( 1974 ) has identified two types of teacher , which might well complement Reynolds 's two types of school .
hargreaves ( 1975 ) points out that jordan ( 1974 ) has [recognized] two types of teacher , which might well complement reynolds 's two types of school .

Hegarty et al ( 1981 ) , for instance , identified four main roles which they described as care , educational , para-professional and general .
hegarty et al ( 1981 ) , for instance , [recognized] four main roles which they described as care , educational , para-professional and general .

The class teachers identified knowledge of classroom strategies and routines including small-group work , speech and communication skills and special educational needs generally as important considerations for training .
the class teachers [recognized] knowledge of classroom strategies and routines including small-group work , speech and communication skills and special educational needs generally as important considerations for training .

Their experiential forms , in particular consciousness-raising , have become closely identified with feminism itself .
their experiential forms , in particular consciousness-raising , have become closely [recognized] with feminism itself .

Most often identified with the widely known and popular Hybrid Tea , the bush form includes many different kinds of so-called ‘ Old ’ roses as well as ‘ Moderns ’ .
most often [recognized] with the widely known and popular hybrid tea , the bush form includes many different kinds of so-called ‘ old ’ roses as well as ‘ moderns ’ .

Pruning faults can be easily identified .
pruning faults can be easily [recognized] .

Social problems are those aspects of social life that cause private unhappiness or public friction , and are identified by those in power as needing some kind of social policy to deal with them .
social problems are those aspects of social life that cause private unhappiness or public friction , and are [recognized] by those in power as needing some kind of social policy to deal with them .

There are assumed to be patterns of cause and effect that can be identified .
there are assumed to be patterns of cause and effect that can be [recognized] .

These factors , together with others they identified , were part of the industrialization process and , they concluded , explained the similarities in rates of vertical social mobility .
these factors , together with others they [recognized] , were part of the industrialization process and , they concluded , explained the similarities in rates of vertical social mobility .

The stages of ethnographic research are even less distinct from each other than those of the survey , but certain phases can be identified .
the stages of ethnographic research are even less distinct from each other than those of the survey , but certain phases can be [recognized] .

If we can identify it , then we have identified a taken-for-granted rule of everyday life .
if we can identify it , then we have [recognized] a taken-for-granted rule of everyday life .

He identified the methods they used , both of language and of body language , to elicit applause from their audiences .
he [recognized] the methods they used , both of language and of body language , to elicit applause from their audiences .

In order to protect the privacy of those whose lives are recorded , the material may be kept confidential for some years , or may be available only in a form where individuals can not be identified .
in order to protect the privacy of those whose lives are recorded , the material may be kept confidential for some years , or may be available only in a form where individuals can not be [recognized] .

The libertarian model is identified with the struggle for a free press .
the libertarian model is [recognized] with the struggle for a free press .

As this model had some rather obvious shortcomings in that it identified the freedom to publish with individual property rights of purchase and sale of newspaper titles , it was necessary to overlay the libertarian ( laissez-faire ) position with an element of social conscience .
as this model had some rather obvious shortcomings in that it [recognized] the freedom to publish with individual property rights of purchase and sale of newspaper titles , it was necessary to overlay the libertarian ( laissez-faire ) position with an element of social conscience .

Their own proposals for reform are aimed at restructuring the British press but it can be argued that even they fail to come to grips with the sort of major ‘ shortcomings ’ of the press ( and media ) identified above .
their own proposals for reform are aimed at restructuring the british press but it can be argued that even they fail to come to grips with the sort of major ‘ shortcomings ’ of the press ( and media ) [recognized] above .

Until the nature of the problem can be identified , it is unlikely that adequate solutions will be proposed .
until the nature of the problem can be [recognized] , it is unlikely that adequate solutions will be proposed .

For if we are to follow through the themes outlined in Chapter 3 , then the process which is identified as ‘ depoliticization ’ is nothing more than the gradual erosion of the supremacy of explicit political content in the press and it is not germane to any specific period .
for if we are to follow through the themes outlined in chapter 3 , then the process which is [recognized] as ‘ depoliticization ’ is nothing more than the gradual erosion of the supremacy of explicit political content in the press and it is not germane to any specific period .

First , the structural changes identified above were acknowledgements of the heterogeneous nature of the national audience and , in themselves , transformed the broadcasting institutions into vehicles to serve and exploit different sections of it .
first , the structural changes [recognized] above were acknowledgements of the heterogeneous nature of the national audience and , in themselves , transformed the broadcasting institutions into vehicles to serve and exploit different sections of it .

The fourth phase of the development of headhunting may be identified as the splintering of individual consultants from existing firms , to set up on their own , such as Haley from Ward Howell and Egon Zehnder from Spencer Stuart , both in 1964 .
the fourth phase of the development of headhunting may be [recognized] as the splintering of individual consultants from existing firms , to set up on their own , such as haley from ward howell and egon zehnder from spencer stuart , both in 1964 .

McKinsey and Price Waterhouse also left the search industry , with only Peat 's — of all the firms identified as forming the second phase of the history of headhunting — remaining in the business .
mckinsey and price waterhouse also left the search industry , with only peat 's — of all the firms [recognized] as forming the second phase of the history of headhunting — remaining in the business .

If Heidrick and Struggles may be identified as the most individualistic and entrepreneurial search firm , Spencer Stuart as the most discreet and quietly professional — in this sense closely related to Egon Zehnder — and Korn/Ferry as the most aggressive , then Russell Reynolds may be seen as the most elite , preppie and , according to Byrne , even arrogant , of headhunting firms .
if heidrick and struggles may be [recognized] as the most individualistic and entrepreneurial search firm , spencer stuart as the most discreet and quietly professional — in this sense closely related to egon zehnder — and korn/ferry as the most aggressive , then russell reynolds may be seen as the most elite , preppie and , according to byrne , even arrogant , of headhunting firms .

There entrepreneurs identified the existence of a seller 's market just waiting to be developed , and created their own demand , which gathered its own momentum and benefited from a snowball effect .
there entrepreneurs [recognized] the existence of a seller 's market just waiting to be developed , and created their own demand , which gathered its own momentum and benefited from a snowball effect .

The second type of individual headhunter was the practical , down-to-earth type with more management experience at different levels than the blue-bloods , who identified the existence of a demand for skills in senior recruiting but who was not pretentious or elitist about it in any way .
the second type of individual headhunter was the practical , down-to-earth type with more management experience at different levels than the blue-bloods , who [recognized] the existence of a demand for skills in senior recruiting but who was not pretentious or elitist about it in any way .

If Young is an example of the second type of early headhunter identified , then the firm also has a representative of the first , in Vice-Admiral Sir Ian McIntosh .
if young is an example of the second type of early headhunter [recognized] , then the firm also has a representative of the first , in vice-admiral sir ian mcintosh .

As in the case of the early home-grown British firms , many of the Big Four 's consultants were of the first two types of headhunter we have identified : either the aristocrat with the old-boy network contacts or the practical selection and management consultant type whose experience was more in personnel than commerce and industry .
as in the case of the early home-grown british firms , many of the big four 's consultants were of the first two types of headhunter we have [recognized] : either the aristocrat with the old-boy network contacts or the practical selection and management consultant type whose experience was more in personnel than commerce and industry .

They were not the only respondent of the survey who identified another clear advantage of headhunting , especially for the most senior positions : that staff who were prepared to move jobs actually prefer to be headhunted , rather than face the time-consuming task of ploughing through advertisements or the slightly demoralising task of putting their names down with agencies .
they were not the only respondent of the survey who [recognized] another clear advantage of headhunting , especially for the most senior positions : that staff who were prepared to move jobs actually prefer to be headhunted , rather than face the time-consuming task of ploughing through advertisements or the slightly demoralising task of putting their names down with agencies .

The element of time-saving is seen as significant by many employers , and one respondent identified it as the main motive for taking a recruiting problem to a search consultant in the first place .
the element of time-saving is seen as significant by many employers , and one respondent [recognized] it as the main motive for taking a recruiting problem to a search consultant in the first place .

The large industrial investment group questioned identified ‘ mainly front line operating departments ’ as their most frequent users , and an anonymous respondent referred to research and marketing as sources of headhunting demand .
the large industrial investment group questioned [recognized] ‘ mainly front line operating departments ’ as their most frequent users , and an anonymous respondent referred to research and marketing as sources of headhunting demand .

He identified his main recruiting problem as this : the relatively small number of companies in the confectionery business meant that certain search firms would have to declare that certain specific potential hunting-grounds were off-limits , and this restricted his choice of headhunter .
he [recognized] his main recruiting problem as this : the relatively small number of companies in the confectionery business meant that certain search firms would have to declare that certain specific potential hunting-grounds were off-limits , and this restricted his choice of headhunter .

The industrial investment group identified a stronger pressure on recruiting candidates with MBAs , and expected recruiting to be slightly easier as a result of the Crash , although it was difficult to judge .
the industrial investment group [recognized] a stronger pressure on recruiting candidates with mbas , and expected recruiting to be slightly easier as a result of the crash , although it was difficult to judge .

This poses problems for clients , arising out of the issue which Rueschemeyer identified , of the social control of expertise : the impersonality of bureaucratised hospital doctoring and the creeping paternalism of general practice are equally unacceptable .
this poses problems for clients , arising out of the issue which rueschemeyer [recognized] , of the social control of expertise : the impersonality of bureaucratised hospital doctoring and the creeping paternalism of general practice are equally unacceptable .

When the specific concrete practices of several such groups have been identified , then a new and theoretically grounded basis for their classification may be achieved .
when the specific concrete practices of several such groups have been [recognized] , then a new and theoretically grounded basis for their classification may be achieved .

The specific practice of lawyers which was identified was that of translating .
the specific practice of lawyers which was [recognized] was that of translating .

This paper uses research to demonstrate the meaning and possibility of translation and its typicality within legal practice — a crucial point if it is to be identified as the specific practice and thus theoretically the defining characteristic of lawyers .
this paper uses research to demonstrate the meaning and possibility of translation and its typicality within legal practice — a crucial point if it is to be [recognized] as the specific practice and thus theoretically the defining characteristic of lawyers .

The correct theoretical location of the occupation can then be identified .
the correct theoretical location of the occupation can then be [recognized] .

The Organising and Liaison Committees of the schemes are comprised of a small and identified number of solicitors .
the organising and liaison committees of the schemes are comprised of a small and [recognized] number of solicitors .

All of the areas that Papez implicated in emotion are part of an anatomically identified system known as the limbic system .
all of the areas that papez implicated in emotion are part of an anatomically [recognized] system known as the limbic system .

Moreover , these ‘ association ’ regions consisted of a number of distinctive regions that could be identified on the basis of their internal cellular organization .
moreover , these ‘ association ’ regions consisted of a number of distinctive regions that could be [recognized] on the basis of their internal cellular organization .

The most pessimistic viewpoint is that the brains of different groups of mammals have very little in common because they evolved separately from a common ancestral form in which the brain was relatively formless , lacking the distinctive sub-divisions that can be identified in the brains of modern mammals .
the most pessimistic viewpoint is that the brains of different groups of mammals have very little in common because they evolved separately from a common ancestral form in which the brain was relatively formless , lacking the distinctive sub-divisions that can be [recognized] in the brains of modern mammals .

Homology is identified on the basis of a number of criteria , including the form of the tissue , its embryonic origins , its connections with other parts of the brain or body , and , to a lesser extent , its function .
homology is [recognized] on the basis of a number of criteria , including the form of the tissue , its embryonic origins , its connections with other parts of the brain or body , and , to a lesser extent , its function .

Structures with similar appearances , in comparable locations , that differentiate from the same embryonic tissue at the same stage in development , can be identified relatively easily and , in general , their connections tend to be similar .
structures with similar appearances , in comparable locations , that differentiate from the same embryonic tissue at the same stage in development , can be [recognized] relatively easily and , in general , their connections tend to be similar .

In the rat brain there are regional differences in the structure of the cortex , but the areas that can be identified tend to blur into each other .
in the rat brain there are regional differences in the structure of the cortex , but the areas that can be [recognized] tend to blur into each other .

Brains are not designed like electronic circuits , with easily identified separate components that can be taken out independently .
brains are not designed like electronic circuits , with easily [recognized] separate components that can be taken out independently .

Psychological studies could provide some answers , but it is not obvious that the subprocesses of language , identified by the psychologist , will map on to individual brain areas , any more than the computational processes of a digital computer map on to individual parts of its hardware .
psychological studies could provide some answers , but it is not obvious that the subprocesses of language , [recognized] by the psychologist , will map on to individual brain areas , any more than the computational processes of a digital computer map on to individual parts of its hardware .

Many anatomists identified three such stages of visual analysis in the cortex .
many anatomists [recognized] three such stages of visual analysis in the cortex .

However , cells with a more complex form of spatially inhibitory organization have been identified .
however , cells with a more complex form of spatially inhibitory organization have been [recognized] .

What of the parietal lobe areas identified by Luria ( 1973 ) as being so important for object recognition ?
what of the parietal lobe areas [recognized] by luria ( 1973 ) as being so important for object recognition ?

In part , this was because of the spread of liberal ideas and institutions since 1815 ; governments were tending to be less the oppressors of the governed than identified with them , though this process had still far to go in 1880 .
in part , this was because of the spread of liberal ideas and institutions since 1815 ; governments were tending to be less the oppressors of the governed than [recognized] with them , though this process had still far to go in 1880 .

More impressive is the ability to make incremental improvements to existing capabilities and , over time , satisfy new requirements which are identified .
more impressive is the ability to make incremental improvements to existing capabilities and , over time , satisfy new requirements which are [recognized] .

But for confirming the General Secretary 's position as Chairman , the full membership of the Defence Council has never been identified in open Soviet sources .
but for confirming the general secretary 's position as chairman , the full membership of the defence council has never been [recognized] in open soviet sources .

So far , no large stone capitals have been identified , although a small capital has survived in the house ruins to the south-west of the Knossos Labyrinth .
so far , no large stone capitals have been [recognized] , although a small capital has survived in the house ruins to the south-west of the knossos labyrinth .

On the other side were more houses and a large building tentatively identified as an armoury or arsenal .
on the other side were more houses and a large building tentatively [recognized] as an armoury or arsenal .

Andel and Runnels ( 1988 ) have identified three early trade routes : a northern route from Anatolia to Attica by way of Samos , Ikaria , Mikonos , Tinos and Kea , a central route running from Anatolia by way of the Cyclades to Argolis , and a southern route which went by way of Crete .
andel and runnels ( 1988 ) have [recognized] three early trade routes : a northern route from anatolia to attica by way of samos , ikaria , mikonos , tinos and kea , a central route running from anatolia by way of the cyclades to argolis , and a southern route which went by way of crete .

No recognizable remains of Minoan ships have yet been identified on the sea-bed , but they are frequently represented on seals .
no recognizable remains of minoan ships have yet been [recognized] on the sea-bed , but they are frequently represented on seals .

The birds on the Agia Triadha sarcophagus have been identified as eagles , black woodpeckers , ravens and even cuckoos by various scholars .
the birds on the agia triadha sarcophagus have been [recognized] as eagles , black woodpeckers , ravens and even cuckoos by various scholars .

, would be ‘ inscrutable from below ’ in the way discussed , but the level of those commands could never be identified with consciousness because , as Sartre liked to point out ad nauseam , we can drive ‘ without thinking about it ’ and , moreover , at no danger to the public .
, would be ‘ inscrutable from below ’ in the way discussed , but the level of those commands could never be [recognized] with consciousness because , as sartre liked to point out ad nauseam , we can drive ‘ without thinking about it ’ and , moreover , at no danger to the public .

An analogical representation is one in which there is some significant correspondence between the structure of the representation and the structure of the thing represented , By contrast , a Fregean representation need have no such correspondence , since the structure of the representation reflects not the structure of the thing itself , but the structure of the procedure ( thought process ) by which that thing is identified .
an analogical representation is one in which there is some significant correspondence between the structure of the representation and the structure of the thing represented , by contrast , a fregean representation need have no such correspondence , since the structure of the representation reflects not the structure of the thing itself , but the structure of the procedure ( thought process ) by which that thing is [recognized] .

Individualism , on this interpretation , is not adequately identified as the view that explanations must appeal to individual properties — the drives cited by behaviourists , for example , or the features of the unconscious invoked by psychoanalytic theories .
individualism , on this interpretation , is not adequately [recognized] as the view that explanations must appeal to individual properties — the drives cited by behaviourists , for example , or the features of the unconscious invoked by psychoanalytic theories .

’ First of all , contradictions can only be identified in the context of the whole , because it is only within it that states of affairs become incompatible with one another .
’ first of all , contradictions can only be [recognized] in the context of the whole , because it is only within it that states of affairs become incompatible with one another .

Because he believes that the ‘ political instance ’ , which in capitalist societies can be identified as the state , is a function of its relations with the other instances of the structured whole , Poulantzas concludes that there can be no such theory .
because he believes that the ‘ political instance ’ , which in capitalist societies can be [recognized] as the state , is a function of its relations with the other instances of the structured whole , poulantzas concludes that there can be no such theory .

Poulantzas therefore takes a third way out : he claims that , despite superficial appearances , the economic position and practice of the working class does have ‘ pertinent effects ’ at the political and ideological levels , so that it can be identified as a class after all .
poulantzas therefore takes a third way out : he claims that , despite superficial appearances , the economic position and practice of the working class does have ‘ pertinent effects ’ at the political and ideological levels , so that it can be [recognized] as a class after all .

Sometimes , for example , a factor which is identified as the causal antecedent of an effect may be so interlinked with numerous other conditions that , while it is true that if that factor had not been present the effect would not have existed either , it is hardly illuminating .
sometimes , for example , a factor which is [recognized] as the causal antecedent of an effect may be so interlinked with numerous other conditions that , while it is true that if that factor had not been present the effect would not have existed either , it is hardly illuminating .

The Annales school attempts to deal with this issue by appealing to the third category identified by Braudel — that of événements ; but to say quite what événements are is no easy task .
the annales school attempts to deal with this issue by appealing to the third category [recognized] by braudel — that of événements ; but to say quite what événements are is no easy task .

More recently , Trathan has identified genetic individuals with more precision using isoenzyme analysis .
more recently , trathan has [recognized] genetic individuals with more precision using isoenzyme analysis .

Mountain weather is notoriously difficult to predict , but trends can be fairly accurately identified .
mountain weather is notoriously difficult to predict , but trends can be fairly accurately [recognized] .

In a conflict situation , have you ever behaved badly towards anyone else ; intentionally or unintentionally heaping upon them the blame you attribute to any of the figures you 've just thought about and identified ?
in a conflict situation , have you ever behaved badly towards anyone else ; intentionally or unintentionally heaping upon them the blame you attribute to any of the figures you 've just thought about and [recognized] ?

Cunningham and Davis ( 1985 ) have identified three models of consultation in current practice :
cunningham and davis ( 1985 ) have [recognized] three models of consultation in current practice :

On detailed assessment of her developmental level and language skills , Maria was identified as showing a marked developmental delay .
on detailed assessment of her developmental level and language skills , maria was [recognized] as showing a marked developmental delay .

The parents need to recognize the link between how they try to manage the behaviour and the occurrence of the behaviour , so reactions like smacking , shouting , nagging , sulking , giving in , or ignoring need to be identified .
the parents need to recognize the link between how they try to manage the behaviour and the occurrence of the behaviour , so reactions like smacking , shouting , nagging , sulking , giving in , or ignoring need to be [recognized] .

Emma ( 3½ years ) was very strong willed at home , refusing to do what her mother asked throughout the day . Her mother identified three problem areas in which she wanted to see change :
emma ( 3½ years ) was very strong willed at home , refusing to do what her mother asked throughout the day . her mother [recognized] three problem areas in which she wanted to see change :

Two or three specific problem areas can be identified with the parents that they would like to work on first .
two or three specific problem areas can be [recognized] with the parents that they would like to work on first .

Children who were identified with a dangerous or destructive person in the parent 's life and so few limits were set on their behaviour .
children who were [recognized] with a dangerous or destructive person in the parent 's life and so few limits were set on their behaviour .

Multiple factors contribute to this latter form and he has identified four groups .
multiple factors contribute to this latter form and he has [recognized] four groups .

Saich tells how instead of debating planned reforms , the Plenum ‘ passed a resolution on the needs to improve work in the ideological and cultural spheres , issues identified with those who wish to limit political reform ’ ( Saich 1988 : 30 ) .
saich tells how instead of debating planned reforms , the plenum ‘ passed a resolution on the needs to improve work in the ideological and cultural spheres , issues [recognized] with those who wish to limit political reform ’ ( saich 1988 : 30 ) .

The incident was filmed , as others had been , so that student leaders could be later identified .
the incident was filmed , as others had been , so that student leaders could be later [recognized] .

Some students identified from police videos were expelled from their colleges .
some students [recognized] from police videos were expelled from their colleges .

Many students identified with the character in this song and the sentiments behind the words .
many students [recognized] with the character in this song and the sentiments behind the words .

Measurements of duration can also apply to behaviours for which a start and end can be easily identified .
measurements of duration can also apply to behaviours for which a start and end can be easily [recognized] .

An outline of the phrase-structure and transformational rules identified by Chomsky is provided in Chapter 1 .
an outline of the phrase-structure and transformational rules [recognized] by chomsky is provided in chapter 1 .

The semantic characteristics of adults talking to children are that adults talk about objects and events in their immediate surroundings and they frequently focus on topics identified in the child 's talk .
the semantic characteristics of adults talking to children are that adults talk about objects and events in their immediate surroundings and they frequently focus on topics [recognized] in the child 's talk .

After all , normal children , who are not identified as having language problems , show considerable variation with respect to the overall speed of language development and in terms of the relationship between the structural , semantic and functional features ( Brown 1973 ; Lieven 1978 ; Nelson 1973 ) .
after all , normal children , who are not [recognized] as having language problems , show considerable variation with respect to the overall speed of language development and in terms of the relationship between the structural , semantic and functional features ( brown 1973 ; lieven 1978 ; nelson 1973 ) .

Significant age norms may be identified on the basis of the age at which most children first demonstrate a particular linguistic skill .
significant age norms may be [recognized] on the basis of the age at which most children first demonstrate a particular linguistic skill .

In the meantime , the task for the teacher or therapist is to examine all aspects of the child 's language , using whatever devices are available , with the objective of generating an assessment which reflects both strengths and weaknesses in the three areas , and indicates the extent to which difficulties identified in each of these areas may or may not be interrelated .
in the meantime , the task for the teacher or therapist is to examine all aspects of the child 's language , using whatever devices are available , with the objective of generating an assessment which reflects both strengths and weaknesses in the three areas , and indicates the extent to which difficulties [recognized] in each of these areas may or may not be interrelated .

For example , if language difficulties identified from an assessment can be described in terms of a functional analysis , and an environmental deficit , remedial procedures might be directed at rearranging the contingencies in the child 's natural environment .
for example , if language difficulties [recognized] from an assessment can be described in terms of a functional analysis , and an environmental deficit , remedial procedures might be directed at rearranging the contingencies in the child 's natural environment .

On the other hand , if the scores of the standardisation sample were such that only a very small proportion — say , 5 per cent — scored 40 or less , then a child with this score may be identified as being in need of further , more detailed assessment .
on the other hand , if the scores of the standardisation sample were such that only a very small proportion — say , 5 per cent — scored 40 or less , then a child with this score may be [recognized] as being in need of further , more detailed assessment .

These comments suggest that the test is unlikely to be useful as a screening instrument but , when used in conjunction with other tests or with children who have already been identified as having language difficulties , it may assist in the generation of a balanced assessment of a child 's strengths and weaknesses .
these comments suggest that the test is unlikely to be useful as a screening instrument but , when used in conjunction with other tests or with children who have already been [recognized] as having language difficulties , it may assist in the generation of a balanced assessment of a child 's strengths and weaknesses .

Lee recommends that any child who scores below 2 standard deviations from the standardised mean should be identified for further assessment , although no reason is given for this .
lee recommends that any child who scores below 2 standard deviations from the standardised mean should be [recognized] for further assessment , although no reason is given for this .

Lee does , however , report that a group of 18 children , who had already been identified as having delayed language , showed a wide gap between comprehension scores which were in the ‘ low-normal range ’ and expressive scores which were ‘ very low ’ .
lee does , however , report that a group of 18 children , who had already been [recognized] as having delayed language , showed a wide gap between comprehension scores which were in the ‘ low-normal range ’ and expressive scores which were ‘ very low ’ .

Hexamita can only be identified when moving , otherwise they can not be distinguished from the background debris .
hexamita can only be [recognized] when moving , otherwise they can not be distinguished from the background debris .

We have identified the fish as a Freshwater Lionfish or Toadfish , but have got no further .
we have [recognized] the fish as a freshwater lionfish or toadfish , but have got no further .

This analysis can be significantly extended as any quantity of information may be identified as a node .
this analysis can be significantly extended as any quantity of information may be [recognized] as a node .

For ‘ discussion ’ systems , certain node and link types may be identified ; for instance , an ‘ Argument ’ node may have a ‘ respond ’ link to an ‘ Issue ’ node .
for ‘ discussion ’ systems , certain node and link types may be [recognized] ; for instance , an ‘ argument ’ node may have a ‘ respond ’ link to an ‘ issue ’ node .

But while the patterns in the net identified by analogical inheritance have proved useful , simpler patterns have also made a difference .
but while the patterns in the net [recognized] by analogical inheritance have proved useful , simpler patterns have also made a difference .

In first generation hyper-text systems with physical node addressing , cross-references must in advance be fully identified as in a net-work data-base .
in first generation hyper-text systems with physical node addressing , cross-references must in advance be fully [recognized] as in a net-work data-base .

Also in 1987 , Conklin [ 17 ] identified one of the major difficulties in current hyper-text systems as the user becoming ‘ lost in hyper-space ’ as a result of losing his way along a trail as a result of the demands made during navigation .
also in 1987 , conklin [ 17 ] [recognized] one of the major difficulties in current hyper-text systems as the user becoming ‘ lost in hyper-space ’ as a result of losing his way along a trail as a result of the demands made during navigation .

The form of the key is application-dependent : in our work , nine different components have been identified such as section , subsection and footnote .
the form of the key is application-dependent : in our work , nine different components have been [recognized] such as section , subsection and footnote .

The terms on the left of the opposition are identified with one another and are ‘ positive ’ for Greek thinkers .
the terms on the left of the opposition are [recognized] with one another and are ‘ positive ’ for greek thinkers .

Wenger ( 1984 ) identified that the death of a sibling or friends may be harder to get over than the death of a spouse , perhaps because the longevity of the relationship goes back to earliest years .
wenger ( 1984 ) [recognized] that the death of a sibling or friends may be harder to get over than the death of a spouse , perhaps because the longevity of the relationship goes back to earliest years .

Some women ( internalising sexism ) may feel even more devalued without a man with whom to be identified .
some women ( internalising sexism ) may feel even more devalued without a man with whom to be [recognized] .

Children are denigrated by adults , and as Itzin ( 1984 ) has identified this discrimination sows the seeds for later ageism towards very old people .
children are denigrated by adults , and as itzin ( 1984 ) has [recognized] this discrimination sows the seeds for later ageism towards very old people .

The details of name , address , and brief details of the identified difficulty , entered on the official form , become a referral .
the details of name , address , and brief details of the [recognized] difficulty , entered on the official form , become a referral .

Needs are often those aspects of care identified and defined by others : ‘ He/she needs day care .
needs are often those aspects of care [recognized] and defined by others : ‘ he/she needs day care .

The tasks identified were :
the tasks [recognized] were :

Having identified wants and needs and resources as already defined , the social worker has to negotiate the resources and services available from the statutory sector .
having [recognized] wants and needs and resources as already defined , the social worker has to negotiate the resources and services available from the statutory sector .

Challis and Davies ( 1985 , p. 578 ) identified two groups of clients particularly suitable for life at home with social care planning as a cost effective answer for social service departments :
challis and davies ( 1985 , p. 578 ) [recognized] two groups of clients particularly suitable for life at home with social care planning as a cost effective answer for social service departments :

One form of static impairment has been identified as Alzheimer 's Disease , based on organic changes in the cells in the brain .
one form of static impairment has been [recognized] as alzheimer 's disease , based on organic changes in the cells in the brain .

Depression and a diminution in self care were noted in the few cases identified in the Kent Community Care project ( Davies and Challis , 1986 ) .
depression and a diminution in self care were noted in the few cases [recognized] in the kent community care project ( davies and challis , 1986 ) .

The predisposing factors identified ( Eastman , 1984 , Hickey , 1981 ) include severe physical and mental infirmity which wears down the carer , poor communication , lack of respite care , lack of praise from the dependent person .
the predisposing factors [recognized] ( eastman , 1984 , hickey , 1981 ) include severe physical and mental infirmity which wears down the carer , poor communication , lack of respite care , lack of praise from the dependent person .

The phases identified are bidding , bargaining , settling and ratifying the decision made ( Payne , 1986 , pp .
the phases [recognized] are bidding , bargaining , settling and ratifying the decision made ( payne , 1986 , pp .

As described more fully in Chapter 6 , the social worker has somehow to avoid becoming part of the problem , by being identified in the client 's eyes as ganging up with neighbours and family .
as described more fully in chapter 6 , the social worker has somehow to avoid becoming part of the problem , by being [recognized] in the client 's eyes as ganging up with neighbours and family .

Goodstein ( 1982 ) identified a number of points worth remembering in this context .
goodstein ( 1982 ) [recognized] a number of points worth remembering in this context .

Three kinds of family obligation have been identified ( Finch , 1987c ) , namely personal care , material or financial assistance of a substantial kind , and the temporary or permanent provision of a home .
three kinds of family obligation have been [recognized] ( finch , 1987c ) , namely personal care , material or financial assistance of a substantial kind , and the temporary or permanent provision of a home .

Sometimes a carer is clearly identified by being a spouse , or already resident in the same house .
sometimes a carer is clearly [recognized] by being a spouse , or already resident in the same house .

’ was identified in the Darlington Community Care project as being particularly difficult to disentangle ( Stone , 1987 ) .
’ was [recognized] in the darlington community care project as being particularly difficult to disentangle ( stone , 1987 ) .

Carers ' own needs It has been identified that people have different capacities to undertake being a carer .
carers ' own needs it has been [recognized] that people have different capacities to undertake being a carer .

Care was identified as being those activities which one person did for another ; informal care consisted of practical care , information/advocacy , links with the outside world , regular surveillance , social integration ( belonging to a group or having a satisfying role in relation to others ) and affection .
care was [recognized] as being those activities which one person did for another ; informal care consisted of practical care , information/advocacy , links with the outside world , regular surveillance , social integration ( belonging to a group or having a satisfying role in relation to others ) and affection .

They have identified that simply putting in more services may not be in itself sufficient to maintain a situation if motivation is lacking .
they have [recognized] that simply putting in more services may not be in itself sufficient to maintain a situation if motivation is lacking .

The Heineken effect this research has identified is that created by a confiding trusting relationship , which accompanied by appropriate services , achieves more than any other managerial skill they could identify , to encourage elderly people to believe they could manage independent living and avoid admission to residential care .
the heineken effect this research has [recognized] is that created by a confiding trusting relationship , which accompanied by appropriate services , achieves more than any other managerial skill they could identify , to encourage elderly people to believe they could manage independent living and avoid admission to residential care .

It has now been established that the identified client , the vulnerable elderly person referred to a social service department is most likely to be part of an interlocking network of friends , relatives and neighbours , carers and support services .
it has now been established that the [recognized] client , the vulnerable elderly person referred to a social service department is most likely to be part of an interlocking network of friends , relatives and neighbours , carers and support services .

The insights from family therapy which can be helpful have been identified ( Bogo , 1987 ) .
the insights from family therapy which can be helpful have been [recognized] ( bogo , 1987 ) .

They also identified that more passive people were likely to accept the idea of residential care so that homes are more likely to have as residents the ‘ passive responders ’ rather than the ‘ active initiators ’ identified by Evers ( 1981 ) in her study of a long-stay hospital ward .
they also [recognized] that more passive people were likely to accept the idea of residential care so that homes are more likely to have as residents the ‘ passive responders ’ rather than the ‘ active initiators ’ [recognized] by evers ( 1981 ) in her study of a long-stay hospital ward .

Booth ( 1985 ) identified that there are likely to be multiple regimes in local authority homes , with very frail residents likely to be more bound by regulations than more active alert people .
booth ( 1985 ) [recognized] that there are likely to be multiple regimes in local authority homes , with very frail residents likely to be more bound by regulations than more active alert people .

She was so badly burned she had to be identified by a palm print left at home .
she was so badly burned she had to be [recognized] by a palm print left at home .

The Welfare State was intended to eliminate want , waste , ignorance , disease and squalor , the ‘ five giants , identified by Beveridge as barriers to both prosperity and participation in society .
the welfare state was intended to eliminate want , waste , ignorance , disease and squalor , the ‘ five giants , [recognized] by beveridge as barriers to both prosperity and participation in society .

In the aftermath of the accident the bodies of the two children were recovered from the wreckage and laid beside the track with the other bodies of the tragedy , but their charred remains were beyond recognition and were never claimed nor was any connection established between them and the other passengers , and in consequence the two children were never identified .
in the aftermath of the accident the bodies of the two children were recovered from the wreckage and laid beside the track with the other bodies of the tragedy , but their charred remains were beyond recognition and were never claimed nor was any connection established between them and the other passengers , and in consequence the two children were never [recognized] .

In particular they identified two mesotrons with nearly identical masses but different properties : the slightly heavier one they named ‘ pion ’ and the lighter one ‘ muon ’ .
in particular they [recognized] two mesotrons with nearly identical masses but different properties : the slightly heavier one they named ‘ pion ’ and the lighter one ‘ muon ’ .

The sharp peaks are what Hoffman identified as the markers for 1461 and 2615 keV ; the signal that interested Fleischmann and Pons consists of the dotted structure around 2500 keV .
the sharp peaks are what hoffman [recognized] as the markers for 1461 and 2615 kev ; the signal that interested fleischmann and pons consists of the dotted structure around 2500 kev .

He liked to be called ‘ Sir ’ , wore a patched black uniform jacket , probably a bus-conductor 's jacket , and was quite unco-operative until Doyle identified himself .
he liked to be called ‘ sir ’ , wore a patched black uniform jacket , probably a bus-conductor 's jacket , and was quite unco-operative until doyle [recognized] himself .

He noticed that the phone was ringing , and as he sat down he picked up the receiver and almost casually identified himself .
he noticed that the phone was ringing , and as he sat down he picked up the receiver and almost casually [recognized] himself .

The problem has been identified as a floating piece of cartilage in his right knee , which is protruding and causing considerable discomfort .
the problem has been [recognized] as a floating piece of cartilage in his right knee , which is protruding and causing considerable discomfort .

Barry Crawley , the Saracens No 8 , has been suspended for three weeks after being identified as the player who punched Gloucester scrum-half Marcus Hannaford , out for five weeks with an eye injury .
barry crawley , the saracens no 8 , has been suspended for three weeks after being [recognized] as the player who punched gloucester scrum-half marcus hannaford , out for five weeks with an eye injury .

They picked the flowers of the hedgerows and every new find had to be identified in Blackie 's .
they picked the flowers of the hedgerows and every new find had to be [recognized] in blackie 's .

Having identified the mechanism of action of diarrhoea in the human alimentary canal , Physiologists developed an oral electrolyte solution which could replenish the fluids and minerals lost from the body during diarrhoea .
having [recognized] the mechanism of action of diarrhoea in the human alimentary canal , physiologists developed an oral electrolyte solution which could replenish the fluids and minerals lost from the body during diarrhoea .

Would the whole story not have made more sense had Jupiter been identified with the Sun , Venus with the Moon , and so on ?
would the whole story not have made more sense had jupiter been [recognized] with the sun , venus with the moon , and so on ?

Once we have identified shared interests , we can point out how they will be met .
once we have [recognized] shared interests , we can point out how they will be met .

The 64-year-old male patient , who was suffering from arthritis , has asked not to be identified but was said to be in stable condition last night .
the 64-year-old male patient , who was suffering from arthritis , has asked not to be [recognized] but was said to be in stable condition last night .

Until Danielle is identified , nobody can tell .
until danielle is [recognized] , nobody can tell .

Police are unsure whether the mysterious girl has gone through some hideous black-magic ritual or whether the drawings spring from a tortured imagination Until Danielle is identified , nobody can tell .
police are unsure whether the mysterious girl has gone through some hideous black-magic ritual or whether the drawings spring from a tortured imagination until danielle is [recognized] , nobody can tell .

‘ that you being the holder of a trade licence issued under section 16 , Vehicles ( Excise ) Act 1971 ‘ Has a slightly different meaning than the offence where the driver is required to be identified .
‘ that you being the holder of a trade licence issued under section 16 , vehicles ( excise ) act 1971 ‘ has a slightly different meaning than the offence where the driver is required to be [recognized] .

‘ That you ’ Apart from being caught in the act , when the burglar may be identified by the witness concerned , forensic evidence sometimes helps to prove identity .
‘ that you ’ apart from being caught in the act , when the burglar may be [recognized] by the witness concerned , forensic evidence sometimes helps to prove identity .

The fall , identified for so long with a sweet , sad nostalgia , a magnificence of gold and crimson under startling blue skies , became for us a nightmare .
the fall , [recognized] for so long with a sweet , sad nostalgia , a magnificence of gold and crimson under startling blue skies , became for us a nightmare .

Alongside Ernest Bevin 's conduct of the Ministry of Labour , they were at the forefront of the process by which workers came to see their interests as identified with the extension of state power in economic life .
alongside ernest bevin 's conduct of the ministry of labour , they were at the forefront of the process by which workers came to see their interests as [recognized] with the extension of state power in economic life .

The caller demanded £40,000 for his story and was promised the cash when the voice was identified as that of Diana .
the caller demanded £40,000 for his story and was promised the cash when the voice was [recognized] as that of diana .

It was identified but the caller never collected the money , leaving investigators with the belief that the mole had another , more sinister motivation .
it was [recognized] but the caller never collected the money , leaving investigators with the belief that the mole had another , more sinister motivation .

Anything beyond hope is identified for its metal type and dispatched for shredding — the iron going on to steel mills , the non-ferrous metals to smelting pans , perhaps for reincarnation as a Ford gearbox or even a domestic dustbin and lid .
anything beyond hope is [recognized] for its metal type and dispatched for shredding — the iron going on to steel mills , the non-ferrous metals to smelting pans , perhaps for reincarnation as a ford gearbox or even a domestic dustbin and lid .

The four stars were identified as pole vaulter Rodion Gataullin , women 's world 100m hurdles champion Ludmila Naroshilenko , women 's world 400m hurdles champion Margarita Ponomaryeva and sprinter Tachana Reshnetikova .
the four stars were [recognized] as pole vaulter rodion gataullin , women 's world 100m hurdles champion ludmila naroshilenko , women 's world 400m hurdles champion margarita ponomaryeva and sprinter tachana reshnetikova .

It is intended to let the properties at affordable rents to families identified by the London Borough of Greenwich , where more than 1,600 householders are homeless .
it is intended to let the properties at affordable rents to families [recognized] by the london borough of greenwich , where more than 1,600 householders are homeless .

There would be a major shift in resources to infra-structure-related companies , particularly in the three areas Clinton has identified as priorities : transportation , communications and environmental systems .
there would be a major shift in resources to infra-structure-related companies , particularly in the three areas clinton has [recognized] as priorities : transportation , communications and environmental systems .

Tax measures in Bush 's health plan — including a tax credit or deduction for out-of-pocket health expenses and managed care incentives — would lose a further $ 35bn a year in revenue , and no financing has been identified yet .
tax measures in bush 's health plan — including a tax credit or deduction for out-of-pocket health expenses and managed care incentives — would lose a further $ 35bn a year in revenue , and no financing has been [recognized] yet .

they should include the key elements that are perceived to be important in achieving the identified and attainable level of ‘ best ’ performance .
they should include the key elements that are perceived to be important in achieving the [recognized] and attainable level of ‘ best ’ performance .

The objective is simple — to ensure that others learn from the experience of the identified ‘ best ’ and raise their own level of performance to that which has been shown to be attainable .
the objective is simple — to ensure that others learn from the experience of the [recognized] ‘ best ’ and raise their own level of performance to that which has been shown to be attainable .

This is important to individual sites so that they can make their own assessment of the value to them of adopting what has been identified as best practice elsewhere .
this is important to individual sites so that they can make their own assessment of the value to them of adopting what has been [recognized] as best practice elsewhere .

Very substantial improvements have been identified and are being realised but nothing stands still .
very substantial improvements have been [recognized] and are being realised but nothing stands still .

Any unallocated payments are held in a suspense account , but once an appropriate charge is identified , the amount is treated as if allocated on the original date of the overpayment .
any unallocated payments are held in a suspense account , but once an appropriate charge is [recognized] , the amount is treated as if allocated on the original date of the overpayment .

Although Groupe Bollore was identified as the cartel 's ringleader , 13 other European shipping firms were fined Ecu 300,000 for their lesser role in what was described as a ‘ particularly harmful cartel ’ that had shut out rival shipping lines and led to excessive prices .
although groupe bollore was [recognized] as the cartel 's ringleader , 13 other european shipping firms were fined ecu 300,000 for their lesser role in what was described as a ‘ particularly harmful cartel ’ that had shut out rival shipping lines and led to excessive prices .

The Nagas ( non-related to the present inhabitants of Nagaland , one of India 's north-eastern states ) according to ancient sources were an actual race identified as belonging to the Vedic/Aryan civilization .
the nagas ( non-related to the present inhabitants of nagaland , one of india 's north-eastern states ) according to ancient sources were an actual race [recognized] as belonging to the vedic/aryan civilization .

The Caduceus , which forms the emblem of the profession , was in all probability first identified with Takshaka .
the caduceus , which forms the emblem of the profession , was in all probability first [recognized] with takshaka .

It is also symbolic of the essential nature of that life-force energy which is identified as ‘ pure consciousness ’ .
it is also symbolic of the essential nature of that life-force energy which is [recognized] as ‘ pure consciousness ’ .

As anthills also represent ‘ the confusion of humanity ’ , much like the Tower of Babel in Christian belief , it is therefore necessary that the Cobras be identified with the shadow world to be the instructors of humanity .
as anthills also represent ‘ the confusion of humanity ’ , much like the tower of babel in christian belief , it is therefore necessary that the cobras be [recognized] with the shadow world to be the instructors of humanity .

They are identified also with the image of a serpent appearing in the rock art of the area .
they are [recognized] also with the image of a serpent appearing in the rock art of the area .

The Hindus call this reservoir the Akashic Record , which many researchers in physics have identified with the long sought-after Unified or Universal Field .
the hindus call this reservoir the akashic record , which many researchers in physics have [recognized] with the long sought-after unified or universal field .

Maharishi Yogi identified it as ‘ the creative field of intelligence from which all knowledge and all possibilities for physical existence is manifested . ’
maharishi yogi [recognized] it as ‘ the creative field of intelligence from which all knowledge and all possibilities for physical existence is manifested . ’

The nineteenth-century concept of ‘ ether ’ identified it as an inert — stationary — undynamic substance in space .
the nineteenth-century concept of ‘ ether ’ [recognized] it as an inert — stationary — undynamic substance in space .

In 1984 , radio astronomers from Columbia University identified electro-magnetic vortices in our Milky Way and arrived at a similar conclusion to the theories of Alfven and Perratt .
in 1984 , radio astronomers from columbia university [recognized] electro-magnetic vortices in our milky way and arrived at a similar conclusion to the theories of alfven and perratt .

To have acknowledged social depression and despair would have been to have identified anger .
to have acknowledged social depression and despair would have been to have [recognized] anger .

Three myths can be identified : the myth of unalterable dependence , the myth of independence , and the myth of hope .
three myths can be [recognized] : the myth of unalterable dependence , the myth of independence , and the myth of hope .

In a strange way these people identified with ‘ them ’ ( owners and managers ) , whom they admired , but their own dreams of independence interposed and there was no wish to have a sustained relationship with a particular firm .
in a strange way these people [recognized] with ‘ them ’ ( owners and managers ) , whom they admired , but their own dreams of independence interposed and there was no wish to have a sustained relationship with a particular firm .

Ways in which this Third Area are used by people in enterprises have been identified by a retired Tavistock Institute colleague , Isabel Menzies .
ways in which this third area are used by people in enterprises have been [recognized] by a retired tavistock institute colleague , isabel menzies .

Three regions have been identified : Low Country , Intermediate , and Interior .
three regions have been [recognized] : low country , intermediate , and interior .

These links were weak or nonexistent in the Low Country , where most villages were identified with only one caste .
these links were weak or nonexistent in the low country , where most villages were [recognized] with only one caste .

Fifty-eight per cent of the alleged cattle thieves were identified as cultivators ; this proportion was higher than that for any other crime .
fifty-eight per cent of the alleged cattle thieves were [recognized] as cultivators ; this proportion was higher than that for any other crime .

Headmen were enlisted to issue false sale vouchers , casual thieves feasted so that the animal could not be identified , and the stealing networks paid special attention to areas near district boundaries .
headmen were enlisted to issue false sale vouchers , casual thieves feasted so that the animal could not be [recognized] , and the stealing networks paid special attention to areas near district boundaries .

Man 's basic nature was identified with the li which , to the extent that his ch ' i is permeable by it , patterns his behaviour in the moral order which belongs within cosmic order .
man 's basic nature was [recognized] with the li which , to the extent that his ch ' i is permeable by it , patterns his behaviour in the moral order which belongs within cosmic order .

We have identified five forms of ‘ related ’ diversification that can pass the better-off test .
we have [recognized] five forms of ‘ related ’ diversification that can pass the better-off test .

We have identified them after looking for relatedness along the entire value chain , including both inputs and outputs , that make up the offering .
we have [recognized] them after looking for relatedness along the entire value chain , including both inputs and outputs , that make up the offering .

Perhaps surprisingly , four of these were identified as sole practitioners and four as two-partner firms .
perhaps surprisingly , four of these were [recognized] as sole practitioners and four as two-partner firms .

The first line in Table 1 identified 15 firms as exclusively joint auditors ( out of a total of 28 joint auditors ) .
the first line in table 1 [recognized] 15 firms as exclusively joint auditors ( out of a total of 28 joint auditors ) .

Furthermore , out of a total number of firms on the audit register of 11,200 , only 164 were identified as acting for listed companies and a further 115 for other large organisations .
furthermore , out of a total number of firms on the audit register of 11,200 , only 164 were [recognized] as acting for listed companies and a further 115 for other large organisations .

The firm abandoned the idea that it could be all things to all people and decided to focus on identified areas of expertise examples are the legal profession , building societies and the construction industry — and build a reputation for quality of service by becoming pre-eminent in those fields .
the firm abandoned the idea that it could be all things to all people and decided to focus on [recognized] areas of expertise examples are the legal profession , building societies and the construction industry — and build a reputation for quality of service by becoming pre-eminent in those fields .

If employees have been identified but not informed prior to the year end , the above arguments for making the provision would still apply .
if employees have been [recognized] but not informed prior to the year end , the above arguments for making the provision would still apply .

The opposite positions may be identified as the status quo ( p & l account only ) and the equivalent of annual financial statements ( p & l account , balance sheet , cash flow statement and full notes ) .
the opposite positions may be [recognized] as the status quo ( p & l account only ) and the equivalent of annual financial statements ( p & l account , balance sheet , cash flow statement and full notes ) .

Although the borrower is expected to meet the obligations of the debt out of his general resources , in the event of default the lender can only obtain repayment by enforcing his rights against the particular security which is identified in the loan agreement .
although the borrower is expected to meet the obligations of the debt out of his general resources , in the event of default the lender can only obtain repayment by enforcing his rights against the particular security which is [recognized] in the loan agreement .

In Britain newborn babies are identified with name tags before they leave the delivery room .
in britain newborn babies are [recognized] with name tags before they leave the delivery room .

The rear section of the bull to the east is identified by the medieval monastery sites .
the rear section of the bull to the east is [recognized] by the medieval monastery sites .

Rugby is identified so strongly as an Afrikaner sport by the black majority that there appears little doubt that it will become a political football .
rugby is [recognized] so strongly as an afrikaner sport by the black majority that there appears little doubt that it will become a political football .

’ His choice of words shows how thoroughly he has identified with his subject , and for what reason .
’ his choice of words shows how thoroughly he has [recognized] with his subject , and for what reason .

He had worshipped his father , identified with his work , his faith , his church .
he had worshipped his father , [recognized] with his work , his faith , his church .

The figure is close enough to be easily identified and the expressions can clearly be seen , while enough of the background remains visible to place the subject in the setting .
the figure is close enough to be easily [recognized] and the expressions can clearly be seen , while enough of the background remains visible to place the subject in the setting .

However , as someone who identified with the student movements of the late 1960s , he was saddened to discover that present economic conditions meant ‘ normal ’ younger students were less willing , or able , to stand up for ‘ issues ’ .
however , as someone who [recognized] with the student movements of the late 1960s , he was saddened to discover that present economic conditions meant ‘ normal ’ younger students were less willing , or able , to stand up for ‘ issues ’ .

We were surprised at the continuing estimates of fixed costs , as we would have expected a minimal time investment after the first year of familiarisation , but given that training was identified as the major cost , it may be that this forms the bulk of the continuing cost .
we were surprised at the continuing estimates of fixed costs , as we would have expected a minimal time investment after the first year of familiarisation , but given that training was [recognized] as the major cost , it may be that this forms the bulk of the continuing cost .

The Vice Chancellor , Sir Donald Nicholls , allowing the Prudential 's appeal , said that the subject matter of the sale had to be identified .
the vice chancellor , sir donald nicholls , allowing the prudential 's appeal , said that the subject matter of the sale had to be [recognized] .

Businesses identified by Customs as needing to complete SSDs should have received a copy of the Intrastat Classification Nomenclature , which provides classification codes for goods to be recorded on the SSDs .
businesses [recognized] by customs as needing to complete ssds should have received a copy of the intrastat classification nomenclature , which provides classification codes for goods to be recorded on the ssds .

It also follows up , in the same way , cases identified through the press or public comment where questions are raised about the adequacy of a firm 's audit procedures .
it also follows up , in the same way , cases [recognized] through the press or public comment where questions are raised about the adequacy of a firm 's audit procedures .

In its white paper , The Health of the Nation , the Government identified smoking as a priority target for disease prevention .
in its white paper , the health of the nation , the government [recognized] smoking as a priority target for disease prevention .

‘ She has suffered considerable personal distress since being identified as the one responsible for the bomb hoax and will be very upset by a custodial sentence . ’
‘ she has suffered considerable personal distress since being [recognized] as the one responsible for the bomb hoax and will be very upset by a custodial sentence . ’

The court ordered they should not be identified .
the court ordered they should not be [recognized] .

The victim was being coaxed by a trained woman detective at her hospital bedside in the hope that her masked attacker can be identified .
the victim was being coaxed by a trained woman detective at her hospital bedside in the hope that her masked attacker can be [recognized] .

Employers will have to assess health and safety risks to employees and others who may be affected and arrange for the implementation of measures identified by the risk assessment ( p 104 ) .
employers will have to assess health and safety risks to employees and others who may be affected and arrange for the implementation of measures [recognized] by the risk assessment ( p 104 ) .

This indicates that the Revenue will be prepared to accept returns containing estimated figures provided they are identified , drawn to the inspector 's attention and made to the best of the company 's ( adviser 's ? )
this indicates that the revenue will be prepared to accept returns containing estimated figures provided they are [recognized] , drawn to the inspector 's attention and made to the best of the company 's ( adviser 's ? )

Depreciation and amortisation is only one of many factors reflected in the annual valuation , and the amount which might otherwise have been charged can not be separately identified or quantified .
depreciation and amortisation is only one of many factors reflected in the annual valuation , and the amount which might otherwise have been charged can not be separately [recognized] or quantified .

And they [ the mothers ] fear that everything they say will be identified as evidence of abuse .
and they [ the mothers ] fear that everything they say will be [recognized] as evidence of abuse .

having an identified social services person in charge , not necessarily the director . Often SSDs had a series of people leading different bits of implementation or more than one person thought they were in charge ;
having an [recognized] social services person in charge , not necessarily the director . often ssds had a series of people leading different bits of implementation or more than one person thought they were in charge ;

Fourteen years ago Barbara Wootton identified a problem for social workers when she surveyed their job advertising , and looked at the jargon and specialised language which described the task applicants would perform .
fourteen years ago barbara wootton [recognized] a problem for social workers when she surveyed their job advertising , and looked at the jargon and specialised language which described the task applicants would perform .

Invariably this has identified the bird as having been ringed as a nestling in Norway .
invariably this has [recognized] the bird as having been ringed as a nestling in norway .

But on a hummock by the road a starling-sized bird turned round to reveal a brilliant crimson front which identified it as a long-tailed meadowlark , locally called military starling .
but on a hummock by the road a starling-sized bird turned round to reveal a brilliant crimson front which [recognized] it as a long-tailed meadowlark , locally called military starling .

The fact that the white continued up the front of the neck identified them as king cormorants .
the fact that the white continued up the front of the neck [recognized] them as king cormorants .

Killer whales are up to ten metres in length and can easily be identified by their black — and white colour and the high dorsal fin of the males .
killer whales are up to ten metres in length and can easily be [recognized] by their black — and white colour and the high dorsal fin of the males .

Bovine brain extracts and bovine pituitary glands have been identified as enriched sources of a mitogenic activity .
bovine brain extracts and bovine pituitary glands have been [recognized] as enriched sources of a mitogenic activity .

Puromycin-resistant cells that expressed Bcl-2 protein ( Rat-1/c-Myc-ER/Bcl-2 cells ) were identified by immunoblotting ( Fig .
puromycin-resistant cells that expressed bcl-2 protein ( rat-1/c-myc-er/bcl-2 cells ) were [recognized] by immunoblotting ( fig .

The plant taxa identified thus far are listed in Table 2 .
the plant taxa [recognized] thus far are listed in table 2 .

Considerable margins of uncertainty are associated with the best-fit climate sensitivities identified in an analysis of this type .
considerable margins of uncertainty are associated with the best-fit climate sensitivities [recognized] in an analysis of this type .

Although structurally related molecules have recently been described in skeletal muscle , cadherins are not ubiquitously expressed by mesenchymal cells and have not previously been identified on leukocytes .
although structurally related molecules have recently been described in skeletal muscle , cadherins are not ubiquitously expressed by mesenchymal cells and have not previously been [recognized] on leukocytes .

An upper jaw from Samburu Hills appears to have gorilla-like morphology of its teeth combined with thick enamel , which is very much what would be expected if thick enamel is identified as an ancestral hominine character .
an upper jaw from samburu hills appears to have gorilla-like morphology of its teeth combined with thick enamel , which is very much what would be expected if thick enamel is [recognized] as an ancestral hominine character .

It is also highly doubtful that this character state can be identified in the broken and distorted partial skulls of Dryopithecus and Graecopithecus , although it is claimed that the former is klinorhynchous because of the brow ridge development .
it is also highly doubtful that this character state can be [recognized] in the broken and distorted partial skulls of dryopithecus and graecopithecus , although it is claimed that the former is klinorhynchous because of the brow ridge development .

Neglecting the confining air pressure against the side walls , and assuming that the material strength of the cylinder has been exceeded , a global approximation to the force balance on the side walls is where the inertial mass is identified with the mass m of the cylinder .
neglecting the confining air pressure against the side walls , and assuming that the material strength of the cylinder has been exceeded , a global approximation to the force balance on the side walls is where the inertial mass is [recognized] with the mass m of the cylinder .

Only a minority of real aficionados , identified by the survey as ‘ interpretive listeners ’ , can say that ‘ when you go to a concert it 's totally different every time .
only a minority of real aficionados , [recognized] by the survey as ‘ interpretive listeners ’ , can say that ‘ when you go to a concert it 's totally different every time .

Not being a member of the goigama ( farmer ) caste , he identified easily with the lower orders and poured money into rural welfare schemes .
not being a member of the goigama ( farmer ) caste , he [recognized] easily with the lower orders and poured money into rural welfare schemes .

No people ever quite loses the quirks and quiddities that originally got it identified as a recognisable entity — as a people .
no people ever quite loses the quirks and quiddities that originally got it [recognized] as a recognisable entity — as a people .

Without recourse to the world-wide episcopate , he issued Humani Generis to condemn the string of ‘ false philosophies ’ that had been identified by the commission on speculative theology .
without recourse to the world-wide episcopate , he issued humani generis to condemn the string of ‘ false philosophies ’ that had been [recognized] by the commission on speculative theology .

Mystici Corporis and all other recent official teaching had simply identified the Roman Catholic Communion with the Church , and the Council 's text , as first written , did the same with the simple verb ‘ is ’ .
mystici corporis and all other recent official teaching had simply [recognized] the roman catholic communion with the church , and the council 's text , as first written , did the same with the simple verb ‘ is ’ .

Eysenck 's theory depends on a high correlation between criminality and particular personality characteristics identified by personality tests .
eysenck 's theory depends on a high correlation between criminality and particular personality characteristics [recognized] by personality tests .

An additional problem that has dogged personality theories is that of tautology ; if the categories are to mean anything , they must not be identified only by the fact that the people who fall into them tend to commit crimes .
an additional problem that has dogged personality theories is that of tautology ; if the categories are to mean anything , they must not be [recognized] only by the fact that the people who fall into them tend to commit crimes .

Determinism and differentiation are inextricably linked in the positivist programme : the determinants are identified by the way they make criminals differ from non-criminals .
determinism and differentiation are inextricably linked in the positivist programme : the determinants are [recognized] by the way they make criminals differ from non-criminals .

Later Chant and the Maestro had spoken of the event , and Chant had identified the creature .
later chant and the maestro had spoken of the event , and chant had [recognized] the creature .

Within a day a portrait of the deceased as he might have looked in life had been produced , and by Wednesday a woman living on a council estate south of the river had identified him as her next-door neighbour , Mr Chant .
within a day a portrait of the deceased as he might have looked in life had been produced , and by wednesday a woman living on a council estate south of the river had [recognized] him as her next-door neighbour , mr chant .

He watched her for several seconds before the casual motion of a hand raised to the back of her neck and run up through her long hair identified the silhouette as Judith .
he watched her for several seconds before the casual motion of a hand raised to the back of her neck and run up through her long hair [recognized] the silhouette as judith .

He sounded agitated , and became more so when Gentle identified himself .
he sounded agitated , and became more so when gentle [recognized] himself .

The danger has been identified by Alfonso Alanso-Majia and Alfredo Arellano-Guillemo of the National University of Mexico , and Lincoln Brower of the University of Florida .
the danger has been [recognized] by alfonso alanso-majia and alfredo arellano-guillemo of the national university of mexico , and lincoln brower of the university of florida .

Against this , however , it has already identified some areas where it has no plans for expansion , including commercial fire risks in Germany and brokered motor vehicle insurance in Spain .
against this , however , it has already [recognized] some areas where it has no plans for expansion , including commercial fire risks in germany and brokered motor vehicle insurance in spain .

, 1984 ) , the history of social policy in this field has bequeathed a legacy of disregard for the potential of the family as a continuing source of security for children identified in some way as being at risk .
, 1984 ) , the history of social policy in this field has bequeathed a legacy of disregard for the potential of the family as a continuing source of security for children [recognized] in some way as being at risk .

It seems clear that , no matter how those at risk may be identified and quantified , social workers will , in practice , increasingly want to ensure that their actions are directed by legislative requirements , both as protection for themselves and as a means of pointing to at least some external criteria for the validity of the protective actions taken in respect of children .
it seems clear that , no matter how those at risk may be [recognized] and quantified , social workers will , in practice , increasingly want to ensure that their actions are directed by legislative requirements , both as protection for themselves and as a means of pointing to at least some external criteria for the validity of the protective actions taken in respect of children .

Thus there seems a prima facie risk that social work intervention will increasingly be characterised by recourse to legal justification , and that , regardless of the debate about whether compulsion is on the increase , the public care of children will be further identified with compulsory removal and thus as antipathetic to family care .
thus there seems a prima facie risk that social work intervention will increasingly be characterised by recourse to legal justification , and that , regardless of the debate about whether compulsion is on the increase , the public care of children will be further [recognized] with compulsory removal and thus as antipathetic to family care .

While a broad historical trend was noted towards the limitation of the once near-absolute rights of parents over children by state agencies , with the declared objective of protecting the child 's interests and welfare , it seemed that in recent policies a number of different themes could be identified , involving potentially conflicting values and assumptions about children , parents , the state and the rights and roles of different parties in the child care situation .
while a broad historical trend was noted towards the limitation of the once near-absolute rights of parents over children by state agencies , with the declared objective of protecting the child 's interests and welfare , it seemed that in recent policies a number of different themes could be [recognized] , involving potentially conflicting values and assumptions about children , parents , the state and the rights and roles of different parties in the child care situation .

Tizard , for example , mentions the need to support the natural parents to enable them to care adequately ; Kellmer Pringle has advocated payment for mothers who stay at home to care ; and a further interviewee who may be identified with the ‘ society-as-parent ’ view had this to say in answer to the argument that the 1975 Act put already powerless parents in an even more powerless position :
tizard , for example , mentions the need to support the natural parents to enable them to care adequately ; kellmer pringle has advocated payment for mothers who stay at home to care ; and a further interviewee who may be [recognized] with the ‘ society-as-parent ’ view had this to say in answer to the argument that the 1975 act put already powerless parents in an even more powerless position :

Different groups of transracial adopters and their dilemmas are identified and the implications for their children illustrated .
different groups of transracial adopters and their dilemmas are [recognized] and the implications for their children illustrated .

The Child Protection Register provides a central record of all children in a given area who have been identified as abused , or who are considered to be at risk of abuse , and who therefore are currently the subject of an interagency plan to protect them .
the child protection register provides a central record of all children in a given area who have been [recognized] as abused , or who are considered to be at risk of abuse , and who therefore are currently the subject of an interagency plan to protect them .

grave concern ( e.g. where another child in the household has been identified as abused )
grave concern ( e.g. where another child in the household has been [recognized] as abused )

Some of these conflicts can be identified with particular ideologies .
some of these conflicts can be [recognized] with particular ideologies .

Clear and agreed definitions of the functions and tasks of each agency and each worker need to be identified , and agreed boundaries established so that all workers know their own roles and responsibilities and understand each other 's .
clear and agreed definitions of the functions and tasks of each agency and each worker need to be [recognized] , and agreed boundaries established so that all workers know their own roles and responsibilities and understand each other 's .

Specific individuals need to be identified within each agency who are willing , competent and have the resources to make their work with child abuse and neglect a major commitment .
specific individuals need to be [recognized] within each agency who are willing , competent and have the resources to make their work with child abuse and neglect a major commitment .

This is precisely what the student referred to earlier in this paper identified while working in residential care .
this is precisely what the student referred to earlier in this paper [recognized] while working in residential care .

There are essentially five broad approaches to the subject of permissiveness that may be identified .
there are essentially five broad approaches to the subject of permissiveness that may be [recognized] .

Even though in the passage above Gummer undermines his own argument ( through his use of the phrase ‘ at least among the articulate ’ , he implies that this consensus is confined to a certain section of society ) it is crucial to his thesis that the changes to be identified under the rubric of permissiveness should be viewed against the backcloth of an alleged Victorian moral consensus .
even though in the passage above gummer undermines his own argument ( through his use of the phrase ‘ at least among the articulate ’ , he implies that this consensus is confined to a certain section of society ) it is crucial to his thesis that the changes to be [recognized] under the rubric of permissiveness should be viewed against the backcloth of an alleged victorian moral consensus .

Much of this is because the changes identified in the 1960s are viewed through different historical lenses .
much of this is because the changes [recognized] in the 1960s are viewed through different historical lenses .

More particularly , different aspects and different consequences of this previous moral order are identified .
more particularly , different aspects and different consequences of this previous moral order are [recognized] .

Coming from the critical position that they do , the conservative-historians have little difficulty in deciding whether or not the changes they have identified in either post-war sexual morality , or legislation relating to sexual morality , can be plausibly described as ‘ permissive ’ .
coming from the critical position that they do , the conservative-historians have little difficulty in deciding whether or not the changes they have [recognized] in either post-war sexual morality , or legislation relating to sexual morality , can be plausibly described as ‘ permissive ’ .

The major contrast between the two is that in the latter , ‘ youth ’ had become more than mere ‘ agents ’ of change , and were identified as ‘ subversive ’ .
the major contrast between the two is that in the latter , ‘ youth ’ had become more than mere ‘ agents ’ of change , and were [recognized] as ‘ subversive ’ .

For both the conservative- and liberal-historians , the process of ‘ secularisation ’ is identified as a necessary if not sufficient condition for the rise of the permissive society .
for both the conservative- and liberal-historians , the process of ‘ secularisation ’ is [recognized] as a necessary if not sufficient condition for the rise of the permissive society .

Wouters ' dilemma is that the changes identified as being part of the process of informalisation appear to involve declining rather than increasing levels of ‘ affect control ’ .
wouters ' dilemma is that the changes [recognized] as being part of the process of informalisation appear to involve declining rather than increasing levels of ‘ affect control ’ .

Informalisation or permissiveness is seen as involving increasingly less regulation and less formality over rules of conduct , a relaxation in standards that seems at odds with the civilising movement identified by Elias .
informalisation or permissiveness is seen as involving increasingly less regulation and less formality over rules of conduct , a relaxation in standards that seems at odds with the civilising movement [recognized] by elias .

However , Wouters suggests that Elias was in fact aware that the process he had identified was not unidimensional :
however , wouters suggests that elias was in fact aware that the process he had [recognized] was not unidimensional :

As such , much of the debate over homosexuality was intimately bound up with the wider argument that has already been identified over the role and significance of the modern ‘ nuclear ’ or ‘ bourgeois ’ family .
as such , much of the debate over homosexuality was intimately bound up with the wider argument that has already been [recognized] over the role and significance of the modern ‘ nuclear ’ or ‘ bourgeois ’ family .

Under-fives services were not identified as a priority .
under-fives services were not [recognized] as a priority .

Research in Scandinavia and the United States has identified the cost of lifelong dependent care for those with disabilities as something developed economies can not sustain in the future .
research in scandinavia and the united states has [recognized] the cost of lifelong dependent care for those with disabilities as something developed economies can not sustain in the future .

We show how this consensus was identified as strong from the perspective of a professional , yet fragile and disempowering from the perspective of George 's parents .
we show how this consensus was [recognized] as strong from the perspective of a professional , yet fragile and disempowering from the perspective of george 's parents .

Management problems at home identified by the parents themselves .
management problems at home [recognized] by the parents themselves .

Thus Mrs Jones 's power inside the assessment process was increased by her having identified and pursued sources of strength outside that process .
thus mrs jones 's power inside the assessment process was increased by her having [recognized] and pursued sources of strength outside that process .

In 1982 , Lloyd identified those needs and filled the vacuum by providing the first of the clubs that the 1990 's tennis player — and his family — desired .
in 1982 , lloyd [recognized] those needs and filled the vacuum by providing the first of the clubs that the 1990 's tennis player — and his family — desired .

‘ Identified by size , they say , ’ Hawkins went on .
‘ [recognized] by size , they say , ’ hawkins went on .

The nonperspectival appearance , then , is identified by reference to a thought from which we wisely refrain , a ‘ would-be ’ thought .
the nonperspectival appearance , then , is [recognized] by reference to a thought from which we wisely refrain , a ‘ would-be ’ thought .

Epistemic appearances can be true or false of objects by virtue of being identified by reference to would-be thoughts about them .
epistemic appearances can be true or false of objects by virtue of being [recognized] by reference to would-be thoughts about them .

Perspectival appearances are not so identified .
perspectival appearances are not so [recognized] .

Epistemic appearances are concept-dependent , by virtue of being identified by reference to would-be thoughts .
epistemic appearances are concept-dependent , by virtue of being [recognized] by reference to would-be thoughts .

Thought is identified with the voice .
thought is [recognized] with the voice .

Among all the books which have survived — and nearly seventy have now been identified — there is not a single volume of the basic works of Patristic theology or of recent scholastic learning , which ( as we have seen ) were conspicuous in the library at Bec , and were to be equally conspicuous at Canterbury after Lanfranc had restored the library .
among all the books which have survived — and nearly seventy have now been [recognized] — there is not a single volume of the basic works of patristic theology or of recent scholastic learning , which ( as we have seen ) were conspicuous in the library at bec , and were to be equally conspicuous at canterbury after lanfranc had restored the library .

The legislation mandates that imported or factory-made goods be identified as such and required that any objects offered for sale as ‘ Indian ’ must be accompanied by proof that their maker or makers are of Indian ancestry , i.e .
the legislation mandates that imported or factory-made goods be [recognized] as such and required that any objects offered for sale as ‘ indian ’ must be accompanied by proof that their maker or makers are of indian ancestry , i.e .

The drawing was identified as a Rembrandt by Christie 's Old Master drawings expert , Hugo Chapman , when it was brought in by the owner for valuation .
the drawing was [recognized] as a rembrandt by christie 's old master drawings expert , hugo chapman , when it was brought in by the owner for valuation .

The buyer was not identified .
the buyer was not [recognized] .

Additionally , Jo identified once again the ongoing flaws in the system which hinder progress .
additionally , jo [recognized] once again the ongoing flaws in the system which hinder progress .

Interestingly , Higueras identified a paradoxical change .
interestingly , higueras [recognized] a paradoxical change .

Caravaggio identified in Irish religious college
caravaggio [recognized] in irish religious college

Sergio Benedetti , the Florentine chief restorer at the National Gallery in Dublin , has identified a ‘ Christ taken into Captivity ’ high on the walls of an Irish religious college as the missing original version ( of some ten or so known ) of ‘ Christ taken into Captivity ’ by Caravaggio .
sergio benedetti , the florentine chief restorer at the national gallery in dublin , has [recognized] a ‘ christ taken into captivity ’ high on the walls of an irish religious college as the missing original version ( of some ten or so known ) of ‘ christ taken into captivity ’ by caravaggio .

In last month 's issue , The Art Newspaper published the list of artists who have been included in this ambitious survey and identified a second list of candidates whom Rosenthal and Joachimedes had decided to ignore .
in last month 's issue , the art newspaper published the list of artists who have been included in this ambitious survey and [recognized] a second list of candidates whom rosenthal and joachimedes had decided to ignore .

Nearby a smaller annex , probably used for ritual cleansing , has also been identified .
nearby a smaller annex , probably used for ritual cleansing , has also been [recognized] .

In addition the columns supporting a fifteenth-century monumental tomb , previously thought to be Byzantine , have now been identified as Roman , adapted and reworked for their new site with sixth-century capitals made from Carrara marble by Byzantine craftsmen ( therefore made in Rome ) .
in addition the columns supporting a fifteenth-century monumental tomb , previously thought to be byzantine , have now been [recognized] as roman , adapted and reworked for their new site with sixth-century capitals made from carrara marble by byzantine craftsmen ( therefore made in rome ) .

Most of the plates bear one or two scratched numbers of the reverse : their meaning has not yet been identified but a research student from the Rijksmuseum has made a detailed survey of them and will be publishing his findings in the journal Print Quarterly at a future date .
most of the plates bear one or two scratched numbers of the reverse : their meaning has not yet been [recognized] but a research student from the rijksmuseum has made a detailed survey of them and will be publishing his findings in the journal print quarterly at a future date .

Articles written by the gallery 's curatorial , scientific and conservation staff in the latest volume ( number 14 ) include an analysis of the underdrawing found in Raphael 's ‘ Garvagh Madonna ’ during a study by infra-red reflectography , prompted by the examination of the recently identified ‘ Madonna dei Garofani ’ by Raphael ; an account of the history , conservation and painting technique of two of Canaletto 's Venetian scenes in the Gallery 's Collection , ‘ The stonemason 's yard ’ and ‘ The upper reaches of the Grand Canal with San Simeone Piccolo ’ ; the results of the investigation and treatment of Laurent de la Hyre 's ‘ Allegorical Figure of Grammar ’ , relating it to a second version in the Walters Art Gallery , Baltimore ; and a discussion of the technique and perspective scheme in Bramantino 's recently restored ‘ Adoration of the Magi ’ .
articles written by the gallery 's curatorial , scientific and conservation staff in the latest volume ( number 14 ) include an analysis of the underdrawing found in raphael 's ‘ garvagh madonna ’ during a study by infra-red reflectography , prompted by the examination of the recently [recognized] ‘ madonna dei garofani ’ by raphael ; an account of the history , conservation and painting technique of two of canaletto 's venetian scenes in the gallery 's collection , ‘ the stonemason 's yard ’ and ‘ the upper reaches of the grand canal with san simeone piccolo ’ ; the results of the investigation and treatment of laurent de la hyre 's ‘ allegorical figure of grammar ’ , relating it to a second version in the walters art gallery , baltimore ; and a discussion of the technique and perspective scheme in bramantino 's recently restored ‘ adoration of the magi ’ .

In Soho , Karsten Schubert 's exhibition of Keith Coventry 's ten Suprematist paintings , which were previewed at the Cologne Art Fair and superimpose the colours of the leading racist football clubs as identified in a Fascist magazine over a recreation of Malevich 's white Suprematist painting , ends shortly ( to 6 February ) , and is followed by a new series of sculptures designed by Michael Landy ( 10 February-6 March ) .
in soho , karsten schubert 's exhibition of keith coventry 's ten suprematist paintings , which were previewed at the cologne art fair and superimpose the colours of the leading racist football clubs as [recognized] in a fascist magazine over a recreation of malevich 's white suprematist painting , ends shortly ( to 6 february ) , and is followed by a new series of sculptures designed by michael landy ( 10 february-6 march ) .

After bombing Berlin , there were numerous attacks from enemy fighters , identified by Dan as Bf 110s .
after bombing berlin , there were numerous attacks from enemy fighters , [recognized] by dan as bf 110s .

‘ Is there any possibility you could be identified ? ’
‘ is there any possibility you could be [recognized] ? ’

‘ You could not be identified ? ’
‘ you could not be [recognized] ? ’

He had never been a happy sightseer and until his work was done , until Harry Lawrence 's killer was identified and caught he could n't see himself playing the tourist at the Changing of the Guard , or the Tower of London , even Poets ' Corner which he had longed to see , as a passionate student of English poetry … that would have to wait .
he had never been a happy sightseer and until his work was done , until harry lawrence 's killer was [recognized] and caught he could n't see himself playing the tourist at the changing of the guard , or the tower of london , even poets ' corner which he had longed to see , as a passionate student of english poetry … that would have to wait .

The aims and intention of any project need to be identified and discussed .
the aims and intention of any project need to be [recognized] and discussed .

‘ The aircraft then turned into the Harbour , climbed to sixty feet , identified a ship of approximately 5,000 to 8,000 tons and attacked it .
‘ the aircraft then turned into the harbour , climbed to sixty feet , [recognized] a ship of approximately 5,000 to 8,000 tons and attacked it .

Then we drove to the Bayeux Military Cemetery which is divided into plots , these are identified by Roman numerals , each plot divided into rows with alphabetical letters , and the graves by numbers in each row .
then we drove to the bayeux military cemetery which is divided into plots , these are [recognized] by roman numerals , each plot divided into rows with alphabetical letters , and the graves by numbers in each row .

From the photograph of the crash we had seen that the demolished house was on the corner of a small lane , and although the house had been rebuilt , when we arrived at the place the position was easily identified .
from the photograph of the crash we had seen that the demolished house was on the corner of a small lane , and although the house had been rebuilt , when we arrived at the place the position was easily [recognized] .

Although the chapel communities of Rational Dissent , largely identified with Unitarianism by the early nineteenth century , were fiercely proud of their constitutional autonomy , there was a framework of cultural institutions which drew them together in book societies , college trusts and publishing networks .
although the chapel communities of rational dissent , largely [recognized] with unitarianism by the early nineteenth century , were fiercely proud of their constitutional autonomy , there was a framework of cultural institutions which drew them together in book societies , college trusts and publishing networks .

The sting of this question was to some extent drawn for Schleiermacher himself by the fact that he so closely identified immediate self-consciousness with God-consciousness as to believe that he had found a real and solid bridge between the two sides of the matter .
the sting of this question was to some extent drawn for schleiermacher himself by the fact that he so closely [recognized] immediate self-consciousness with god-consciousness as to believe that he had found a real and solid bridge between the two sides of the matter .

For one thing , Kant himself had developed the thought that the kingdom of God is to be identified or interpreted as the ethical organisation of human society .
for one thing , kant himself had developed the thought that the kingdom of god is to be [recognized] or interpreted as the ethical organisation of human society .

This had led in a good deal of theology and piety to a concentration of attention on a vaguely unitarian ‘ God ’ , loosely identified with the Father , and to increasing difficulties in connecting that up in any coherent way with either the Trinity or the incarnation .
this had led in a good deal of theology and piety to a concentration of attention on a vaguely unitarian ‘ god ’ , loosely [recognized] with the father , and to increasing difficulties in connecting that up in any coherent way with either the trinity or the incarnation .

The female could only be identified by her slightly heavier shape prior to the spawning .
the female could only be [recognized] by her slightly heavier shape prior to the spawning .

Occasionally gem-like species which have not yet been identified , turn up in imported collections of fish .
occasionally gem-like species which have not yet been [recognized] , turn up in imported collections of fish .

It is also hoped that other urgent areas of need can be identified and people can be put in touch with appropriate resources or agencies to address these .
it is also hoped that other urgent areas of need can be [recognized] and people can be put in touch with appropriate resources or agencies to address these .

There was a new pattern of industrial relations , a new range of religious and social agencies , a new democratic politics , and a whole host of leisure-time activities and preoccupations that have been identified by historians as constituting a ‘ popular culture ’ .
there was a new pattern of industrial relations , a new range of religious and social agencies , a new democratic politics , and a whole host of leisure-time activities and preoccupations that have been [recognized] by historians as constituting a ‘ popular culture ’ .

They were soon identified as potential customers by tradesmen , bankers , building societies , and insurance companies , then by streetcar and railway companies , by the publishers of newspapers , journals , and cheap novels , and finally by a whole army of showmen whose task it was to inveigle the masses into circuses , fairgrounds , peepshows , roller-skating pavilions , theatres , and sporting fixtures .
they were soon [recognized] as potential customers by tradesmen , bankers , building societies , and insurance companies , then by streetcar and railway companies , by the publishers of newspapers , journals , and cheap novels , and finally by a whole army of showmen whose task it was to inveigle the masses into circuses , fairgrounds , peepshows , roller-skating pavilions , theatres , and sporting fixtures .

It was into this unresolved but not unsatisfactorily balanced situation that film was introduced , and was immediately identified as something new .
it was into this unresolved but not unsatisfactorily balanced situation that film was introduced , and was immediately [recognized] as something new .

Certainly no other organization could challenge the sheer size of an industry that had from the outset relied on economies of scale and realized the logic of a mass audience , but neither was there any other organization prepared to rely exclusively on entertainment , which the showmen had identified as the essence of the movies .
certainly no other organization could challenge the sheer size of an industry that had from the outset relied on economies of scale and realized the logic of a mass audience , but neither was there any other organization prepared to rely exclusively on entertainment , which the showmen had [recognized] as the essence of the movies .

Much has been written about Griffith and his contribution to the movies but the ingredients that made up his genius have never been better identified than in the review Heywood Broun wrote of Intolerance when it appeared in 1916 .
much has been written about griffith and his contribution to the movies but the ingredients that made up his genius have never been better [recognized] than in the review heywood broun wrote of intolerance when it appeared in 1916 .

Frank Daugherty saw Cagney 's style as just a logical development from that of other gangster types and identified as the most effective of his ‘ tricks ’ the way in which he could suggest that he was ‘ thinking his own thoughts ’ and ‘ reserving his feelings ’ .
frank daugherty saw cagney 's style as just a logical development from that of other gangster types and [recognized] as the most effective of his ‘ tricks ’ the way in which he could suggest that he was ‘ thinking his own thoughts ’ and ‘ reserving his feelings ’ .

The stages of development were identified :
the stages of development were [recognized] :

Taking Conrad 's population and suggesting good speech as 75 per cent words in sentences correctly identified by listeners ( a higher cut-off than Braybrook uses ) , then in the hearing loss range 80 — 120dB ( Braybrook 's range ) , there would be 15 children .
taking conrad 's population and suggesting good speech as 75 per cent words in sentences correctly [recognized] by listeners ( a higher cut-off than braybrook uses ) , then in the hearing loss range 80 — 120db ( braybrook 's range ) , there would be 15 children .

Having explored some of the causes of change and identified the areas which will continue to be debated for the next decade , it is perhaps appropriate to try to identify the developments which have occurred in the past 30 years .
having explored some of the causes of change and [recognized] the areas which will continue to be debated for the next decade , it is perhaps appropriate to try to identify the developments which have occurred in the past 30 years .

If need rather than a particular handicap is made the measure against which provision shall be made , the needs of each child must be clearly identified and regularly reviewed and realised .
if need rather than a particular handicap is made the measure against which provision shall be made , the needs of each child must be clearly [recognized] and regularly reviewed and realised .

It is in our primary schools that potential above the commonplace is likely to be first identified .
it is in our primary schools that potential above the commonplace is likely to be first [recognized] .

Many of the practices identified by Plowden have been formalised .
many of the practices [recognized] by plowden have been formalised .

Having identified the academic curriculum with competitive examinations and the status-seeking of the middle classes , Searle excludes all works of art from the classroom except the pupils ' own creations and those which reflect their lives .
having [recognized] the academic curriculum with competitive examinations and the status-seeking of the middle classes , searle excludes all works of art from the classroom except the pupils ' own creations and those which reflect their lives .

Several economic advantages can be identified .
several economic advantages can be [recognized] .

There are 20 cloaks and robes hanging on pegs here , made of various materials but none identified by any visible insignia .
there are 20 cloaks and robes hanging on pegs here , made of various materials but none [recognized] by any visible insignia .

Therefore , we now need to examine the explanatory factors which help determine on an inter-country basis each of the three major types of bargaining structure which have been identified .
therefore , we now need to examine the explanatory factors which help determine on an inter-country basis each of the three major types of bargaining structure which have been [recognized] .

In Britain it is well known that the 1968 Donovan Report identified bargaining structures as a major strategic variable in determining the effectiveness of industrial relations .
in britain it is well known that the 1968 donovan report [recognized] bargaining structures as a major strategic variable in determining the effectiveness of industrial relations .

Both denied that the underlying causes of the Reformation which he had identified had actually existed , claiming that rather than being an institution in terminal decline , the late medieval Catholic church had been ‘ a lively and relevant social institution ’ , displaying ‘ growing and vigorous ’ forms of piety .
both denied that the underlying causes of the reformation which he had [recognized] had actually existed , claiming that rather than being an institution in terminal decline , the late medieval catholic church had been ‘ a lively and relevant social institution ’ , displaying ‘ growing and vigorous ’ forms of piety .

Other areas where the revisionists appear to have overstated their case will be identified and discussed in the following chapters .
other areas where the revisionists appear to have overstated their case will be [recognized] and discussed in the following chapters .

The company of the saints in heaven was considered an additional potent source of assistance ; individual saints were identified as especially efficacious for particular problems — there was even a saint of hopeless causes ( St Jude ) — and large numbers of men and women undertook long and sometimes hazardous pilgrimages to sites associated with them .
the company of the saints in heaven was considered an additional potent source of assistance ; individual saints were [recognized] as especially efficacious for particular problems — there was even a saint of hopeless causes ( st jude ) — and large numbers of men and women undertook long and sometimes hazardous pilgrimages to sites associated with them .

So closely was Ceauşescu identified with the policy of nepotism that local people and foreign observers often presumed that men like Verdeţ or Manescu were intermarried with the clan .
so closely was ceauşescu [recognized] with the policy of nepotism that local people and foreign observers often presumed that men like verdeţ or manescu were intermarried with the clan .

ten different levels of attainment should be identified within each target covering all the years of compulsory schooling . Pupils ' progress should be registered against these levels : level 2 should be assumed to represent the performance of the median 7 year old ; level 4 that of the median 11 year old ; the boundary between levels 5 and 6 that of the median 14 year old ; and the boundary between levels 6 and 7 that of the median 16 year old ;
ten different levels of attainment should be [recognized] within each target covering all the years of compulsory schooling . pupils ' progress should be registered against these levels : level 2 should be assumed to represent the performance of the median 7 year old ; level 4 that of the median 11 year old ; the boundary between levels 5 and 6 that of the median 14 year old ; and the boundary between levels 6 and 7 that of the median 16 year old ;

But we would nevertheless hope that by the end of their school careers as many pupils as possible will have been able to ‘ grow ’ through literature — both emotionally and aesthetically , both morally and socially — by virtue of coming into contact with the ‘ range of possible thought and feeling ’ identified above [ in the quotation from the Kingman Report printed on p. 72 ] .
but we would nevertheless hope that by the end of their school careers as many pupils as possible will have been able to ‘ grow ’ through literature — both emotionally and aesthetically , both morally and socially — by virtue of coming into contact with the ‘ range of possible thought and feeling ’ [recognized] above [ in the quotation from the kingman report printed on p. 72 ] .

‘ Well , is n't that a terrible poor ibex ! ’ exclaimed Mrs Healy , having identified easily what the girls had been looking at .
‘ well , is n't that a terrible poor ibex ! ’ exclaimed mrs healy , having [recognized] easily what the girls had been looking at .

As his disciples were identified with him in his ministry and experienced the healing powers of the new age operating through them , so they became partakers of the Kingdom .
as his disciples were [recognized] with him in his ministry and experienced the healing powers of the new age operating through them , so they became partakers of the kingdom .

The Kingdom can not be identified with the Church :
the kingdom can not be [recognized] with the church :

These ‘ marks ’ are identified as ‘ one , holy , catholic and apostolic ’ .
these ‘ marks ’ are [recognized] as ‘ one , holy , catholic and apostolic ’ .

The one form is given a new meaning in its Christian context in which the initiate is identified with the death and resurrection of Jesus Christ .
the one form is given a new meaning in its christian context in which the initiate is [recognized] with the death and resurrection of jesus christ .

Individuals may be identified by their handwriting , or their answers to the range of questions may serve to point clearly in their direction .
individuals may be [recognized] by their handwriting , or their answers to the range of questions may serve to point clearly in their direction .

Having identified who has joined the church in the past year we need to know what were the main influences which caused them to make their decision .
having [recognized] who has joined the church in the past year we need to know what were the main influences which caused them to make their decision .

Accepting the fact that not all Christians have the gift of evangelism , it is important to know those who do , and by what means they may be identified , especially when such persons might seem in very short supply or completely non-existent in the local church .
accepting the fact that not all christians have the gift of evangelism , it is important to know those who do , and by what means they may be [recognized] , especially when such persons might seem in very short supply or completely non-existent in the local church .

Effective communication occurs when the relevant motivational need is identified and addressed .
effective communication occurs when the relevant motivational need is [recognized] and addressed .

While the personality is forming , until the age of seven or eight or so , the child is closely identified with its mother , or whoever is the mother figure in the child 's life .
while the personality is forming , until the age of seven or eight or so , the child is closely [recognized] with its mother , or whoever is the mother figure in the child 's life .

The king is not identified .
the king is not [recognized] .

These Student Disks may contain general exercises based on common language learning needs or may be customized according to 's identified market sector needs and/or according to clients ' particular syllabus or domain .
these student disks may contain general exercises based on common language learning needs or may be customized according to 's [recognized] market sector needs and/or according to clients ' particular syllabus or domain .

agrees that samples of all packaging , advertising , labelling and the like of the Licensed Products shall be provided to for inspection prior to initial use of the first Licensed Product to be published by which incorporates the Work to ensure that all Trade Marks are properly identified as the property of .
agrees that samples of all packaging , advertising , labelling and the like of the licensed products shall be provided to for inspection prior to initial use of the first licensed product to be published by which incorporates the work to ensure that all trade marks are properly [recognized] as the property of .

Shifts in activity are identified , and the consequences for labour representation examined .
shifts in activity are [recognized] , and the consequences for labour representation examined .

And it was this convergence that engendered a tradition among the working-class electorate of voting Labour ; Labour came to be identified with working-class interests as it had never been before .
and it was this convergence that engendered a tradition among the working-class electorate of voting labour ; labour came to be [recognized] with working-class interests as it had never been before .

At a local level , particular societies identified these interests unambiguously with those of organised labour within both the Labour Party and the trade union movement .
at a local level , particular societies [recognized] these interests unambiguously with those of organised labour within both the labour party and the trade union movement .

‘ Slaughter too has his instructions , ’ Again the voice Joan had identified as that of the constable .
‘ slaughter too has his instructions , ’ again the voice joan had [recognized] as that of the constable .

It was not positively identified till 1854 , when an American collector described one .
it was not positively [recognized] till 1854 , when an american collector described one .

By contrast , managers , bureaucrats and controllers are identified along with the ‘ old ’ petit bourgeoisie as probable allies of the corporate bourgeoisie in contemporary struggles .
by contrast , managers , bureaucrats and controllers are [recognized] along with the ‘ old ’ petit bourgeoisie as probable allies of the corporate bourgeoisie in contemporary struggles .

Poulantzas identified the rise of authoritarian statism as the principal trend in contemporary liberal democratic politics , and defined it as ‘ intensified state control over every sphere of socio-economic life combined with a radical decline of the institutions of political democracy , and with draconian and multiform curtailment of so-called ‘ formal ’ liberties ' ( Poulantzas , 1978 , pp .
poulantzas [recognized] the rise of authoritarian statism as the principal trend in contemporary liberal democratic politics , and defined it as ‘ intensified state control over every sphere of socio-economic life combined with a radical decline of the institutions of political democracy , and with draconian and multiform curtailment of so-called ‘ formal ’ liberties ' ( poulantzas , 1978 , pp .

Second , forms of state expenditure corresponding to each of these functions are identified .
second , forms of state expenditure corresponding to each of these functions are [recognized] .

In prehistoric archaeology the only ‘ hard ’ data are often material products , and extinct peoples and societies become identified by their material relics as for instance ‘ beaker-folk ’ or ‘ basket-makers ’ ; such similarities in technology can then be used to establish links between different sites and their inhabitants .
in prehistoric archaeology the only ‘ hard ’ data are often material products , and extinct peoples and societies become [recognized] by their material relics as for instance ‘ beaker-folk ’ or ‘ basket-makers ’ ; such similarities in technology can then be used to establish links between different sites and their inhabitants .

So those relics of past civilizations which defy time and weather become , in effect , visiting cards as well as trademarks , and provide the key to the spatial and temporal connections of various ‘ culture areas ’ , each identified by a particular assemblage of objects and cultural styles .
so those relics of past civilizations which defy time and weather become , in effect , visiting cards as well as trademarks , and provide the key to the spatial and temporal connections of various ‘ culture areas ’ , each [recognized] by a particular assemblage of objects and cultural styles .

Nature and God are identified , and are conceived as an infinite reality which exists both as an all comprehensive mind and as an infinitely extended physical system , and in other ways unknown to us , all these being different aspects of one and the same single reality .
nature and god are [recognized] , and are conceived as an infinite reality which exists both as an all comprehensive mind and as an infinitely extended physical system , and in other ways unknown to us , all these being different aspects of one and the same single reality .

The researchers identified 167 people who had been attending for a year or more .
the researchers [recognized] 167 people who had been attending for a year or more .

For one complete year ( 1985 ) every item relating to sex crime was identified in the sixteen newspapers — four popular dailies , two ‘ quality ’ dailies , five national Sundays , three local evenings , and two local weeklies .
for one complete year ( 1985 ) every item relating to sex crime was [recognized] in the sixteen newspapers — four popular dailies , two ‘ quality ’ dailies , five national sundays , three local evenings , and two local weeklies .

There is very little interest indeed in sexual offences prior to the court appearance unless they are sexual assaults or murders with a sexual component In the 3,015 newspapers considered in the study , only 29 of these residual sexual cases were identified .
there is very little interest indeed in sexual offences prior to the court appearance unless they are sexual assaults or murders with a sexual component in the 3,015 newspapers considered in the study , only 29 of these residual sexual cases were [recognized] .

On the next day the Star 's extended coverage identified a probe into four other attacks in the area which ‘ were being studied by police to see if there was a link ’ .
on the next day the star 's extended coverage [recognized] a probe into four other attacks in the area which ‘ were being studied by police to see if there was a link ’ .

The reputations of others who may not have been so willing to be identified are sacrificed in the quest for titillation .
the reputations of others who may not have been so willing to be [recognized] are sacrificed in the quest for titillation .

Each woman was identified with her full name and , in three cases , the naming of the town where the women were currently living .
each woman was [recognized] with her full name and , in three cases , the naming of the town where the women were currently living .

There was only one case where the homosexual activity leading to death was identified as part of a ‘ kinky sex session ’ .
there was only one case where the homosexual activity leading to death was [recognized] as part of a ‘ kinky sex session ’ .

For everyone there is a problem in understanding the nature of the crime when no motive can be identified . In one case a
for everyone there is a problem in understanding the nature of the crime when no motive can be [recognized] . in one case a

The third case , in fact the largest , was one in which the man had been previously identified as a sex beast at the search stage .
the third case , in fact the largest , was one in which the man had been previously [recognized] as a sex beast at the search stage .

The housewife who had been sleeping quietly after a Bank Holiday party when The Fox struck was identified by name , age and location .
the housewife who had been sleeping quietly after a bank holiday party when the fox struck was [recognized] by name , age and location .

The report identified how she was forced to quit her secretarial job and how she suffered a breakdown .
the report [recognized] how she was forced to quit her secretarial job and how she suffered a breakdown .

The main themes which appeared to make the case newsworthy were firstly , a gang rape ; secondly , a racial theme , since the newspapers clearly identified the rapists as black and the girls as white in both words and pictures ; thirdly , controversy over the sentencing being ‘ too light ’ ; fourthly , controversy as to whether the girls could be held to have contributed to their own rape by being out at night .
the main themes which appeared to make the case newsworthy were firstly , a gang rape ; secondly , a racial theme , since the newspapers clearly [recognized] the rapists as black and the girls as white in both words and pictures ; thirdly , controversy over the sentencing being ‘ too light ’ ; fourthly , controversy as to whether the girls could be held to have contributed to their own rape by being out at night .

identified in the total series of 114 rape cases referred to the Brixton gang ( most of the remaining two-thirds were about The Fox ) .
[recognized] in the total series of 114 rape cases referred to the brixton gang ( most of the remaining two-thirds were about the fox ) .

Eleven cases were identified where the media coverage lasted more than one day .
eleven cases were [recognized] where the media coverage lasted more than one day .

There were twenty-four cases identified where the main charge was unlawful sexual intercourse with a girl under 16 .
there were twenty-four cases [recognized] where the main charge was unlawful sexual intercourse with a girl under 16 .

In one case which involved a ‘ brilliant ’ public school master from ‘ the top North London school ’ ’ , the judge ordered the school not to be identified .
in one case which involved a ‘ brilliant ’ public school master from ‘ the top north london school ’ ’ , the judge ordered the school not to be [recognized] .

Such an order occurred in another case where the judge again requested that the school should not be identified , and the nature of the school was not clear from the report .
such an order occurred in another case where the judge again requested that the school should not be [recognized] , and the nature of the school was not clear from the report .

Gremlins got into our system a couple of weeks ago when we identified Tadpole Technology Inc 's retiring chairman as Bill Gilkes .
gremlins got into our system a couple of weeks ago when we [recognized] tadpole technology inc 's retiring chairman as bill gilkes .

most of the guerrillas were civilians , who could easily be identified ;
most of the guerrillas were civilians , who could easily be [recognized] ;

The importance of this was made evident following the results of another survey in April , this one carried out by the German Government , which identified that 46% of all tennis players suffer from tennis elbow as a result of impact shock vibration .
the importance of this was made evident following the results of another survey in april , this one carried out by the german government , which [recognized] that 46% of all tennis players suffer from tennis elbow as a result of impact shock vibration .

It is understood that no specific target date has been identified for completion of the Heywood link , but a spokesperson for the borough planning department which was instrumental in obtaining funding for the project , pointed out that the grants negotiated are available for the next three years during which time the majority of restoration work must be completed .
it is understood that no specific target date has been [recognized] for completion of the heywood link , but a spokesperson for the borough planning department which was instrumental in obtaining funding for the project , pointed out that the grants negotiated are available for the next three years during which time the majority of restoration work must be completed .

This series aims to support teachers as they respond to the challenge they face in meeting the needs of all children in their school , particularly those identified as having special educational needs .
this series aims to support teachers as they respond to the challenge they face in meeting the needs of all children in their school , particularly those [recognized] as having special educational needs .

The series aims to make a modest ‘ distance learning ’ contribution to meeting the needs of teachers working with the whole range of pupils with special educational needs by offering a set of resource materials relating to specific areas of the primary and secondary curriculum and by suggesting ways in which learning obstacles , whatever their origin , can be identified and addressed .
the series aims to make a modest ‘ distance learning ’ contribution to meeting the needs of teachers working with the whole range of pupils with special educational needs by offering a set of resource materials relating to specific areas of the primary and secondary curriculum and by suggesting ways in which learning obstacles , whatever their origin , can be [recognized] and addressed .

Although most children from socially disadvantaged backgrounds have not been identified as low achieving , there is still a high correlation between social-class membership and educational achievement , with middle-class children distancing themselves increasingly in educational achievements and perhaps also socially from children from working-class backgrounds — another form of segregation within what purports to be the mainstream .
although most children from socially disadvantaged backgrounds have not been [recognized] as low achieving , there is still a high correlation between social-class membership and educational achievement , with middle-class children distancing themselves increasingly in educational achievements and perhaps also socially from children from working-class backgrounds — another form of segregation within what purports to be the mainstream .

The probability of socially disadvantaged children being identified as having special needs is very much greater than in other children .
the probability of socially disadvantaged children being [recognized] as having special needs is very much greater than in other children .

It is also relevant to the teacher to have some information about the way in which visually handicapped pupils are identified since they will have passed through these procedures before being in their present school .
it is also relevant to the teacher to have some information about the way in which visually handicapped pupils are [recognized] since they will have passed through these procedures before being in their present school .

Teachers with pupils with defective vision in their classes have an interest in knowing how such children are identified and what services and professionals are involved in this procedure .
teachers with pupils with defective vision in their classes have an interest in knowing how such children are [recognized] and what services and professionals are involved in this procedure .

Once identified it is correctable with glasses with cylindrical lenses .
once [recognized] it is correctable with glasses with cylindrical lenses .

On the phone an oily face cracked a smile as she identified herself .
on the phone an oily face cracked a smile as she [recognized] herself .

Scoured as they have been by the turbulent and freezing sands that eroded every trace of fittings and furnishings whatsoever , their walls and ceilings do bear signs : remnants of incised and sometimes inlaid strings of rectangular shapes that numerous experts have confidently identified as writing , though no truly plausible translation has ever been constructed .
scoured as they have been by the turbulent and freezing sands that eroded every trace of fittings and furnishings whatsoever , their walls and ceilings do bear signs : remnants of incised and sometimes inlaid strings of rectangular shapes that numerous experts have confidently [recognized] as writing , though no truly plausible translation has ever been constructed .

One of the most striking results of the research was that young people have identified a lack of educational programmes , as well as of programmes that examine the emotions , affections , sexuality and identity of people of their own age group .
one of the most striking results of the research was that young people have [recognized] a lack of educational programmes , as well as of programmes that examine the emotions , affections , sexuality and identity of people of their own age group .

As a result , the cause of your concern may be more easily identified .
as a result , the cause of your concern may be more easily [recognized] .

Thus while all domesticated animals belong to , and are closely identified with , particular households , they are all destined to be consumed by the community as a whole .
thus while all domesticated animals belong to , and are closely [recognized] with , particular households , they are all destined to be consumed by the community as a whole .

It does this by sharing something closely identified with its members , the animals they have domesticated by hand , with the encompassing community in a commensal ritual .
it does this by sharing something closely [recognized] with its members , the animals they have domesticated by hand , with the encompassing community in a commensal ritual .

During this period , acts of aggression and domination came to be identified symbolically with the agents of disease and death , while a state of internal tranquillity , equality and individual autonomy came to be identified with the agents of health and growth .
during this period , acts of aggression and domination came to be [recognized] symbolically with the agents of disease and death , while a state of internal tranquillity , equality and individual autonomy came to be [recognized] with the agents of health and growth .

Beinn Damh , identified by a conspicuous horseshoe of scree high on its south side , is usually climbed by the long ridge coming up from Loch Torridon .
beinn damh , [recognized] by a conspicuous horseshoe of scree high on its south side , is usually climbed by the long ridge coming up from loch torridon .

Although there is clearly a similarity between entropy and the area of the event horizon , it was not obvious to us how the area could be identified as the entropy of a black hole .
although there is clearly a similarity between entropy and the area of the event horizon , it was not obvious to us how the area could be [recognized] as the entropy of a black hole .

In addition to the above elements , the King 's Fund also identified several other factors which determined whether or not a community care scheme would be successful . They were :
in addition to the above elements , the king 's fund also [recognized] several other factors which determined whether or not a community care scheme would be successful . they were :

Successful schemes always had someone who could be identified as the driving force , someone who pushed and who steered the project through to a satisfactory launch .
successful schemes always had someone who could be [recognized] as the driving force , someone who pushed and who steered the project through to a satisfactory launch .

Griffiths strongly recommended that funds for community care should be separately identified in the public expenditure planning process and allocated to local authorities in a ‘ ring-fenced ’ budget so that community care monies would not ‘ leak ’ out into education , housing or leisure services on the decision of locally elected members .
griffiths strongly recommended that funds for community care should be separately [recognized] in the public expenditure planning process and allocated to local authorities in a ‘ ring-fenced ’ budget so that community care monies would not ‘ leak ’ out into education , housing or leisure services on the decision of locally elected members .

His emphasis on government leadership , the creation of an identified and ‘ ring-fenced ’ budget , the clear attribution of responsibility to local authorities and the appointment of nominated ‘ care managers ’ are fundamental to the delivery of a coordinated service .
his emphasis on government leadership , the creation of an [recognized] and ‘ ring-fenced ’ budget , the clear attribution of responsibility to local authorities and the appointment of nominated ‘ care managers ’ are fundamental to the delivery of a coordinated service .

Other monies will not be separately identified from the general rate support grant from the Department of the Environment , a decision which will make it very difficult to identify exactly what is being spent on services by individual authorities .
other monies will not be separately [recognized] from the general rate support grant from the department of the environment , a decision which will make it very difficult to identify exactly what is being spent on services by individual authorities .

Once such has recently been copied from a well-known initiative in New York whereby the rehabilitation organization guarantees to the employer that an identified job will be done satisfactorily .
once such has recently been copied from a well-known initiative in new york whereby the rehabilitation organization guarantees to the employer that an [recognized] job will be done satisfactorily .

The employer pays only one salary but two or even three workers will be identified who can perform the task , either working part-time or acting in concert on a full-time basis .
the employer pays only one salary but two or even three workers will be [recognized] who can perform the task , either working part-time or acting in concert on a full-time basis .

Usually these ‘ cooperative ’ placements are temporary ; successful placements lead , it is hoped , to full-time employment and the identified job is then made available for another placement .
usually these ‘ cooperative ’ placements are temporary ; successful placements lead , it is hoped , to full-time employment and the [recognized] job is then made available for another placement .

Such pressures can be alleviated if gang sizes are kept small and either the gang members are assembled in groups of similar ability , or demarcation is identified , recognised and accepted by all gang members .
such pressures can be alleviated if gang sizes are kept small and either the gang members are assembled in groups of similar ability , or demarcation is [recognized] , recognised and accepted by all gang members .

( c ) That the total measured quantity and total cost of each individual item can be clearly identified and that a detailed final account is available for each subcontractor .
( c ) that the total measured quantity and total cost of each individual item can be clearly [recognized] and that a detailed final account is available for each subcontractor .

Problems with planning and programming , delays in delivery of materials or plant , and double handling , are all less likely to be identified .
problems with planning and programming , delays in delivery of materials or plant , and double handling , are all less likely to be [recognized] .

Once the speculator has assembled and identified the land , he is often not over-anxious to draw attention to his activities and will therefore attempt to dispose of the site direct to the builder or developer without advertising or using an estate agent .
once the speculator has assembled and [recognized] the land , he is often not over-anxious to draw attention to his activities and will therefore attempt to dispose of the site direct to the builder or developer without advertising or using an estate agent .

However , owners are under no compulsion to sell and although land may be identified for development , it may in fact remain undeveloped for many years .
however , owners are under no compulsion to sell and although land may be [recognized] for development , it may in fact remain undeveloped for many years .

Once a potential site has been identified , irrespective of how the site has been located or the method of disposal , it is essential that a detailed site Investigation and market research is undertaken .
once a potential site has been [recognized] , irrespective of how the site has been located or the method of disposal , it is essential that a detailed site investigation and market research is undertaken .

Certain other physical problems and constraints will now be identified .
certain other physical problems and constraints will now be [recognized] .

Previous development may also have left old foundations , concrete slabs and basements which must be identified and quantified for additional cost .
previous development may also have left old foundations , concrete slabs and basements which must be [recognized] and quantified for additional cost .

The nature of the problem was only identified by studying early maps showing the mediaeval town and harbour at the Archivist Department of the local authority .
the nature of the problem was only [recognized] by studying early maps showing the mediaeval town and harbour at the archivist department of the local authority .

Any legal restrictions that may have been imposed by the vendor or already have been included in earlier conveyances of the land or property can be identified .
any legal restrictions that may have been imposed by the vendor or already have been included in earlier conveyances of the land or property can be [recognized] .

This is partly to ensure that any increase in profitability can be identified as the result of improved efficiency rather than a change in the method of compiling the accounts .
this is partly to ensure that any increase in profitability can be [recognized] as the result of improved efficiency rather than a change in the method of compiling the accounts .

It may be weeks , months or even years before slaphappy surveying methods are identified by management .
it may be weeks , months or even years before slaphappy surveying methods are [recognized] by management .

Gorbachev still identified internationalism as the policy which could deal most effectively with problems of this kind .
gorbachev still [recognized] internationalism as the policy which could deal most effectively with problems of this kind .

Hay and Vickers ( 1987 ) identified the following general principles for the design of policy :
hay and vickers ( 1987 ) [recognized] the following general principles for the design of policy :

These can be seen as practical methods of resolving the kinds of problems identified by the theory .
these can be seen as practical methods of resolving the kinds of problems [recognized] by the theory .

But that should not lead us to assume that the same holds for the externalities identified here .
but that should not lead us to assume that the same holds for the externalities [recognized] here .

The positive and negative externalities which have been identified thus far are likely to be rather different for research activities ( i.e .
the positive and negative externalities which have been [recognized] thus far are likely to be rather different for research activities ( i.e .

Chinese has been identified by Li ( 1976 ) as a topic-prominent language .
chinese has been [recognized] by li ( 1976 ) as a topic-prominent language .

The reference of chair would therefore be a particular chair that is being identified on a particular occasion .
the reference of chair would therefore be a particular chair that is being [recognized] on a particular occasion .

On the other hand , noticeable deviation from typical target-language patterns of chunking information and signalling relations is likely to result in the sort of text that can easily be identified as a translation because it sounds ‘ foreign ’ .
on the other hand , noticeable deviation from typical target-language patterns of chunking information and signalling relations is likely to result in the sort of text that can easily be [recognized] as a translation because it sounds ‘ foreign ’ .

As vowel realizations vary along relatively easily specifiable continuous dimensions such as height or backness , and more than two variants can often be identified , vowel variable scores are often ( but not always — see 6.3.2 ) calculated in a rather different way , using a vowel index score .
as vowel realizations vary along relatively easily specifiable continuous dimensions such as height or backness , and more than two variants can often be [recognized] , vowel variable scores are often ( but not always — see 6.3.2 ) calculated in a rather different way , using a vowel index score .

An initial objective inventory of landform and land use , and then a qualitative assessment of the value of each type of landscape so identified .
an initial objective inventory of landform and land use , and then a qualitative assessment of the value of each type of landscape so [recognized] .

By the early 1970s , it remained true that the Labour Party was identified with the interests of the working classes , with the need for a reduction in class barriers and for the maintenance of the welfare system .
by the early 1970s , it remained true that the labour party was [recognized] with the interests of the working classes , with the need for a reduction in class barriers and for the maintenance of the welfare system .

The Conservatives , in contrast , have always been a party more accustomed to government and less interested in theories , but they have been equally class identified .
the conservatives , in contrast , have always been a party more accustomed to government and less interested in theories , but they have been equally class [recognized] .

Universality became identified with equality .
universality became [recognized] with equality .

Conversely a distribution which is identified as even … may be extremely unfair .
conversely a distribution which is [recognized] as even … may be extremely unfair .

This sub-sector is an increasingly competitive one which all of the major firms have identified as a growth area .
this sub-sector is an increasingly competitive one which all of the major firms have [recognized] as a growth area .

This figure is often confidently stated to copy a famous statue which stood on the Acropolis , the ‘ Sosandra ’ by Kalamis ( which in turn is identified , probably rightly , with an Aphrodite by the same artist on the same site ) .
this figure is often confidently stated to copy a famous statue which stood on the acropolis , the ‘ sosandra ’ by kalamis ( which in turn is [recognized] , probably rightly , with an aphrodite by the same artist on the same site ) .

This chapter has demonstrated the need to take account of demographic projections when planning education provision and has identified the main areas which should be considered when calculating such projections .
this chapter has demonstrated the need to take account of demographic projections when planning education provision and has [recognized] the main areas which should be considered when calculating such projections .

Even if there existed a uniform nationwide trend in the birth and death rates of each population sub-group identified on the basis of sex , age , occupation , ethnic status and so on , local populations would still develop differently from one another , and from the ‘ national ’ trend , because these rates would be operating on the distinctive demographic structures which each locality has inherited from its past histories of fertility , mortality and migration .
even if there existed a uniform nationwide trend in the birth and death rates of each population sub-group [recognized] on the basis of sex , age , occupation , ethnic status and so on , local populations would still develop differently from one another , and from the ‘ national ’ trend , because these rates would be operating on the distinctive demographic structures which each locality has inherited from its past histories of fertility , mortality and migration .

As also has been found for the other two scales , however , the inner city problem has become much more evident over the past decade since the deteriorating situation prompted central government to introduce more comprehensive powers in the 1978 Inner Urban Areas Act , to the extent that it was identified by the Prime Minister as the single most important challenge for the new Parliament after the 1987 General Election .
as also has been found for the other two scales , however , the inner city problem has become much more evident over the past decade since the deteriorating situation prompted central government to introduce more comprehensive powers in the 1978 inner urban areas act , to the extent that it was [recognized] by the prime minister as the single most important challenge for the new parliament after the 1987 general election .

Thus a ‘ school ’ can be literally that , in its modern sense : an institution in which there are a master and pupils , whose characteristic work can be identified .
thus a ‘ school ’ can be literally that , in its modern sense : an institution in which there are a master and pupils , whose characteristic work can be [recognized] .

Thus a ‘ school ’ can be a general tendency , often identified by the name of a particular ‘ master ’ , who need not , however , be in direct institutional or even otherwise direct relations with his ‘ pupils ’ or ‘ disciples ’ .
thus a ‘ school ’ can be a general tendency , often [recognized] by the name of a particular ‘ master ’ , who need not , however , be in direct institutional or even otherwise direct relations with his ‘ pupils ’ or ‘ disciples ’ .

In this case much of the work shown was subsequently ( and through this emphasis ) identified as an autonomous stylistic movement in art , and of course this was often likely to be the case .
in this case much of the work shown was subsequently ( and through this emphasis ) [recognized] as an autonomous stylistic movement in art , and of course this was often likely to be the case .

Or slapped her gently , until a scent that was perfumed with tea sang through the real air to her and she identified one of the sea of aches as thirst .
or slapped her gently , until a scent that was perfumed with tea sang through the real air to her and she [recognized] one of the sea of aches as thirst .

This is , of course , no new process : rural depopulation first became identified as a social problem in the middle of the last century .
this is , of course , no new process : rural depopulation first became [recognized] as a social problem in the middle of the last century .

When the village was an occupational community they identified closely with the other inhabitants , deriving both standards of behaviour and a sense of self-esteem from their neighbours .
when the village was an occupational community they [recognized] closely with the other inhabitants , deriving both standards of behaviour and a sense of self-esteem from their neighbours .

Similarly , the family farmers , who have typically been very involved in and identified with the running of local village activities , have found themselves elbowed aside .
similarly , the family farmers , who have typically been very involved in and [recognized] with the running of local village activities , have found themselves elbowed aside .

The handful of local authorities who were identified as having policies which should be encouraged have been named , but this does not mean that these particular local authorities are doing everything right ( indeed most of them recognise that they are not ) .
the handful of local authorities who were [recognized] as having policies which should be encouraged have been named , but this does not mean that these particular local authorities are doing everything right ( indeed most of them recognise that they are not ) .

But in doing this , we are backtracking into the old dilemma identified by the American philosopher John Dewey ( 1966 ) .
but in doing this , we are backtracking into the old dilemma [recognized] by the american philosopher john dewey ( 1966 ) .

Research is , of course , carried on outside the corporate sector in universities and other institutions of learning ; even so , these bodies are increasingly dependent on commercial sponsorship , and corporate funds tend to flow more readily into projects identified by , or otherwise of interest to , the sponsor .
research is , of course , carried on outside the corporate sector in universities and other institutions of learning ; even so , these bodies are increasingly dependent on commercial sponsorship , and corporate funds tend to flow more readily into projects [recognized] by , or otherwise of interest to , the sponsor .

But the obscurity of the means/end relationship will again normally prevent divergent expenditure being identified , since a plausible case can usually be made for donations in terms of their contribution to goodwill and hence to long-term profitability .
but the obscurity of the means/end relationship will again normally prevent divergent expenditure being [recognized] , since a plausible case can usually be made for donations in terms of their contribution to goodwill and hence to long-term profitability .

There was , as far as he could see , nothing that need be identified or admired or paused over : just bare grey rock sheering down to a narrow track which was used for the most part by packhorses and even then not often .
there was , as far as he could see , nothing that need be [recognized] or admired or paused over : just bare grey rock sheering down to a narrow track which was used for the most part by packhorses and even then not often .

Thus two broad sanctioning functions can be identified in voting .
thus two broad sanctioning functions can be [recognized] in voting .

In 1690 John Locke identified a danger arising from the possession of more than one power .
in 1690 john locke [recognized] a danger arising from the possession of more than one power .

In the day-to-day life of a legal system its rule of recognition is very seldom expressly formulated as a rule ; though occasionally , courts in England may announce in general terms the relative place of one criterion of law in relation to another , as when they assert the supremacy of Acts of Parliament over other sources or suggested sources of law . For the most part the rule of recognition is not stated , but its existence is shown in the way in which particular rules are identified , either by courts or other officials or private persons or their advisers …
in the day-to-day life of a legal system its rule of recognition is very seldom expressly formulated as a rule ; though occasionally , courts in england may announce in general terms the relative place of one criterion of law in relation to another , as when they assert the supremacy of acts of parliament over other sources or suggested sources of law . for the most part the rule of recognition is not stated , but its existence is shown in the way in which particular rules are [recognized] , either by courts or other officials or private persons or their advisers …

We may say that a criterion of legal validity or source of law is supreme if rules identified by reference to it are still recognized as rules of the system , even if they conflict with rules identified by reference to the other criteria , whereas rules identified by reference to the latter are not so recognized if they conflict with the rules identified by reference to the supreme criterion .
we may say that a criterion of legal validity or source of law is supreme if rules [recognized] by reference to it are still recognized as rules of the system , even if they conflict with rules [recognized] by reference to the other criteria , whereas rules [recognized] by reference to the latter are not so recognized if they conflict with the rules [recognized] by reference to the supreme criterion .

girls are presented with a dilemma between maintaining their feminine identities or becoming closely identified with the study of physics .
girls are presented with a dilemma between maintaining their feminine identities or becoming closely [recognized] with the study of physics .

( 1961 ) identified , whereby students embark idealistically on their courses , hoping to become good doctors ( or in this case physicists ) , but soon abandon this ideal in favour of the short-term goal of passing examinations .
( 1961 ) [recognized] , whereby students embark idealistically on their courses , hoping to become good doctors ( or in this case physicists ) , but soon abandon this ideal in favour of the short-term goal of passing examinations .

In this crisis the last parliamentary Cabinet resigned and was replaced by a ‘ business cabinet ’ ( Kabinet karja ) headed by Djuanda , not identified with a party .
in this crisis the last parliamentary cabinet resigned and was replaced by a ‘ business cabinet ’ ( kabinet karja ) headed by djuanda , not [recognized] with a party .

Becher and Kogan ( 1980 ) have identified four structural levels in the higher education system : individual , basic unit , institution , and central authority .
becher and kogan ( 1980 ) have [recognized] four structural levels in the higher education system : individual , basic unit , institution , and central authority .

Here , in the natural sciences , despite the complex patterns that exist at the research level , it still seems appropriate to use the broad categories identified by Comte and embodied in the nomenclature of undergraduate degrees — the physical , the chemical , the biological — while recognizing that there are gradations between these ( physical chemistry , biochemistry ) and foci and links within and across them ( geology , biophysics , physiology or ecology ) .
here , in the natural sciences , despite the complex patterns that exist at the research level , it still seems appropriate to use the broad categories [recognized] by comte and embodied in the nomenclature of undergraduate degrees — the physical , the chemical , the biological — while recognizing that there are gradations between these ( physical chemistry , biochemistry ) and foci and links within and across them ( geology , biophysics , physiology or ecology ) .

The distinction between knowing and doing is by no means clear-cut , but the real problem arises with the third stance identified in Figure 2.1 , that of ‘ being ’ .
the distinction between knowing and doing is by no means clear-cut , but the real problem arises with the third stance [recognized] in figure 2.1 , that of ‘ being ’ .

It suggests that of the subjects that usually comprise the humanities , philosophy need not necessarily be identified with the humanities at all , literature and the other arts are defined by their concern with art-objects and history arguably belongs to a broader conception of ‘ human sciences ’ .
it suggests that of the subjects that usually comprise the humanities , philosophy need not necessarily be [recognized] with the humanities at all , literature and the other arts are defined by their concern with art-objects and history arguably belongs to a broader conception of ‘ human sciences ’ .

In terms of the social system , for example , one might look at first degree courses in terms of social selection and access — one of the functions identified in Figure 1.1 .
in terms of the social system , for example , one might look at first degree courses in terms of social selection and access — one of the functions [recognized] in figure 1.1 .

There may be the possibility of partial substitution or compensation among the four factors identified earlier — expertise , ability , personal qualities and skills — in the case of particular graduates and graduate jobs .
there may be the possibility of partial substitution or compensation among the four factors [recognized] earlier — expertise , ability , personal qualities and skills — in the case of particular graduates and graduate jobs .

The problem of status is identified in a sharp form by Harland and Gibbs 's ( 1986 ) study of the ‘ diversified ’ general curricula introduced into the English and Welsh colleges in the 1970s ( see also Adelman and Gibbs 1980 ) .
the problem of status is [recognized] in a sharp form by harland and gibbs 's ( 1986 ) study of the ‘ diversified ’ general curricula introduced into the english and welsh colleges in the 1970s ( see also adelman and gibbs 1980 ) .

For example , some states that can be easily identified are bilingual or multilingual , others can be viewed as bidialectal , and yet others as monodialectal ( but still variable ) .
for example , some states that can be easily [recognized] are bilingual or multilingual , others can be viewed as bidialectal , and yet others as monodialectal ( but still variable ) .

( 1972 ) identified in Tyneside ( a divergent dialect community ) no less than 303 linguistic variables that they considered worthy of study .
( 1972 ) [recognized] in tyneside ( a divergent dialect community ) no less than 303 linguistic variables that they considered worthy of study .

However , a very interesting group of young , male , middle-class speakers can be identified in the sample of speakers studied in the survey .
however , a very interesting group of young , male , middle-class speakers can be [recognized] in the sample of speakers studied in the survey .

The model suggests that during this step the entire gamut of issues embedded in the defined change problem must be identified , analyzed , and prioritized in terms of any probable domino effects .
the model suggests that during this step the entire gamut of issues embedded in the defined change problem must be [recognized] , analyzed , and prioritized in terms of any probable domino effects .

This step does not necessarily mean that everyone affected by the problem must be identified .
this step does not necessarily mean that everyone affected by the problem must be [recognized] .

For corporate management , cost and productivity benchmarking identified work organization as the key to regaining their competitive advantage .
for corporate management , cost and productivity benchmarking [recognized] work organization as the key to regaining their competitive advantage .

The flexibility achieved by extending worker responsibilities and enlarging job cycles reduces idle machine time , the factor identified by Ford 's management as the main cause of low British labour and capital productivity compared with the company 's continental plants .
the flexibility achieved by extending worker responsibilities and enlarging job cycles reduces idle machine time , the factor [recognized] by ford 's management as the main cause of low british labour and capital productivity compared with the company 's continental plants .

Nevertheless , as will be seen in the following section , the approach developed by Digital Equipment Corporation in Scotland created work groups with most of the characteristics that Vaill identified .
nevertheless , as will be seen in the following section , the approach developed by digital equipment corporation in scotland created work groups with most of the characteristics that vaill [recognized] .

They wanted expensive equipment to be operated effectively and expected faults to be identified and rectified rapidly , within the teams where possible .
they wanted expensive equipment to be operated effectively and expected faults to be [recognized] and rectified rapidly , within the teams where possible .

Three types of arrangement were identified by Calmfors and Diffil ( 1988 ) .
three types of arrangement were [recognized] by calmfors and diffil ( 1988 ) .

The empowerment strategies of Japanese enterprises have been identified in a generalized commitment to ‘ learning by doing ’ ( Kenney and Florida 1988 : 133–5 ) .
the empowerment strategies of japanese enterprises have been [recognized] in a generalized commitment to ‘ learning by doing ’ ( kenney and florida 1988 : 133–5 ) .

Three different elements of such a contrast can be identified : ( a ) the historical contrast between modern society and former societies ; ( b ) the investigation of modern consciousness to discover the extent of objectification ; ( c ) speculations about the future nature of social consciousness .
three different elements of such a contrast can be [recognized] : ( a ) the historical contrast between modern society and former societies ; ( b ) the investigation of modern consciousness to discover the extent of objectification ; ( c ) speculations about the future nature of social consciousness .

Of course , ‘ capitalism ’ is not identified as such , just as Barthes ( 1972 ) has claimed that the bourgeoisie is ‘ the social class which does not want to be named ’ , and just as the YCs themselves preferred the label of ‘ ordinary ’ to a class identification .
of course , ‘ capitalism ’ is not [recognized] as such , just as barthes ( 1972 ) has claimed that the bourgeoisie is ‘ the social class which does not want to be named ’ , and just as the ycs themselves preferred the label of ‘ ordinary ’ to a class identification .

Conspiracy theorists do not address their argument to the enemies identified by the theory , for they are deemed to be beyond argument .
conspiracy theorists do not address their argument to the enemies [recognized] by the theory , for they are deemed to be beyond argument .

First , the conspirators are clearly identified : they are the Jews , and the Jews alone .
first , the conspirators are clearly [recognized] : they are the jews , and the jews alone .

It does not lend itself to the earlier analysis of symbolism which identified distinct abstract signifiers and concrete signifieds , since it simultaneously operates at both levels .
it does not lend itself to the earlier analysis of symbolism which [recognized] distinct abstract signifiers and concrete signifieds , since it simultaneously operates at both levels .

Boas identified two major sources for this art : the drive towards representation and the tendency to create pattern .
boas [recognized] two major sources for this art : the drive towards representation and the tendency to create pattern .

The fundamental opposition which may erupt between economy and society was noted by Simmel , who observed that the merchant is identified with the relative autonomy and abstraction of flexible exchange and is therefore often , as ‘ stranger ’ , held in an ambiguous and partially anomalous relation to the host society ( e.g .
the fundamental opposition which may erupt between economy and society was noted by simmel , who observed that the merchant is [recognized] with the relative autonomy and abstraction of flexible exchange and is therefore often , as ‘ stranger ’ , held in an ambiguous and partially anomalous relation to the host society ( e.g .

Education is used to support current social differences , since it claims to generate distinctions based on merit rather than birth or wealth , being itself the means by which differential ability is identified .
education is used to support current social differences , since it claims to generate distinctions based on merit rather than birth or wealth , being itself the means by which differential ability is [recognized] .

Four periods of structural change can be identified : 1830s/1840s , 1880s/ 1890s , 1930s/1940s and 1970s/1980s .
four periods of structural change can be [recognized] : 1830s/1840s , 1880s/ 1890s , 1930s/1940s and 1970s/1980s .

The most fundamental shift identified by these writers for the 1970s/1980s period is in the structure of production : this embraces the methods of production ( or labour process ) , the strategies of management and the relations between unions , management and the state .
the most fundamental shift [recognized] by these writers for the 1970s/1980s period is in the structure of production : this embraces the methods of production ( or labour process ) , the strategies of management and the relations between unions , management and the state .

One way of getting to grips with this question is to look at how the three theoretical frameworks interpret the structural changes identified in section 1.2 .
one way of getting to grips with this question is to look at how the three theoretical frameworks interpret the structural changes [recognized] in section 1.2 .

The last section identified some of the processes which have contributed to the overall shift in the geography of manufacturing .
the last section [recognized] some of the processes which have contributed to the overall shift in the geography of manufacturing .

In some of the most detailed work in this vein , Keeble ( 1976 , 1980 ) identified a number of factors as important causes of the relative decentralization of manufacturing employment .
in some of the most detailed work in this vein , keeble ( 1976 , 1980 ) [recognized] a number of factors as important causes of the relative decentralization of manufacturing employment .

For the '60s he identified the most important factor as being government assistance , that is regional policy in all its forms .
for the '60s he [recognized] the most important factor as being government assistance , that is regional policy in all its forms .

The final variable identified as important was ‘ residential preference ’ : manufacturing was shifting to more ‘ environmentally attractive ’ areas of the country .
the final variable [recognized] as important was ‘ residential preference ’ : manufacturing was shifting to more ‘ environmentally attractive ’ areas of the country .

The nature of the ‘ causes ’ identified by the different approaches , in other words , reflected very clearly the way the enquiry was framed in the first place .
the nature of the ‘ causes ’ [recognized] by the different approaches , in other words , reflected very clearly the way the enquiry was framed in the first place .

Thus the latest post-industrial sequence is identified by a series of tendencies which collectively represent a new phase of economic development .
thus the latest post-industrial sequence is [recognized] by a series of tendencies which collectively represent a new phase of economic development .

Four of the programmes identified were : adult services ; child day-care centres ; field eligibility ; and hostels and crisis homes .
four of the programmes [recognized] were : adult services ; child day-care centres ; field eligibility ; and hostels and crisis homes .

In a review by the Next Steps project manager ( Kemp , 1990 , p. 26 ) three beneficiaries of this initiative were identified :
in a review by the next steps project manager ( kemp , 1990 , p. 26 ) three beneficiaries of this initiative were [recognized] :

None of these hypotheses would seem to contradict what has been said about the management styles and organizational forms identified as likely to be appropriate in each quadrant of the uncertainty map .
none of these hypotheses would seem to contradict what has been said about the management styles and organizational forms [recognized] as likely to be appropriate in each quadrant of the uncertainty map .

Many employees feel like faceless numbers — their position in the structure clearly identified by job descriptions and departmental assignments .
many employees feel like faceless numbers — their position in the structure clearly [recognized] by job descriptions and departmental assignments .

Management one should have a person who is able and willing to take a career risk by being identified with the venture
management one should have a person who is able and willing to take a career risk by being [recognized] with the venture

Crucial to an understanding of the human mosaic , therefore , is appreciation of how the opportunities have been identified and acted upon , and how the barriers posed by the constraints have been tackled .
crucial to an understanding of the human mosaic , therefore , is appreciation of how the opportunities have been [recognized] and acted upon , and how the barriers posed by the constraints have been tackled .

So far , two such dimensions have been identified — and defined as the ‘ world of work ’ and the ‘ world outside work ’ .
so far , two such dimensions have been [recognized] — and defined as the ‘ world of work ’ and the ‘ world outside work ’ .

Using factor analysis of data for twenty-one liberal democracies ( with two data sets for France , representing the Fourth and Fifth Republics ) , Lijphart identified three groups on each dimension , giving nine in all : there was at least one liberal democracy in each of the cells ( figure 3.7 ) , indicating the very substantial differences between countries in their detailed operation of this basic political system .
using factor analysis of data for twenty-one liberal democracies ( with two data sets for france , representing the fourth and fifth republics ) , lijphart [recognized] three groups on each dimension , giving nine in all : there was at least one liberal democracy in each of the cells ( figure 3.7 ) , indicating the very substantial differences between countries in their detailed operation of this basic political system .

The nature of the cleavages identified and capitalized upon by the parties reflects the structure of the society although if certain cleavages are ignored by parties ( thereby ‘ organizing out ’ certain biases ) the party system need not faithfully represent all the divisions within a society .
the nature of the cleavages [recognized] and capitalized upon by the parties reflects the structure of the society although if certain cleavages are ignored by parties ( thereby ‘ organizing out ’ certain biases ) the party system need not faithfully represent all the divisions within a society .

In a classic study of the various cleavage systems mobilized by parties in western Europe , Lipset and Rokkan ( 1967 ) identified four that dominate .
in a classic study of the various cleavage systems mobilized by parties in western europe , lipset and rokkan ( 1967 ) [recognized] four that dominate .

This is illustrated by Cox 's ( 1970 ) work on Wales , which identified two separate milieux ( 'places ' ) — ‘ agricultural , Welsh-speaking , Nonconformist areas on the one hand and mining , English-speaking , non-Nonconformist areas on the other hand ’ ( p. 127 ) .
this is illustrated by cox 's ( 1970 ) work on wales , which [recognized] two separate milieux ( 'places ' ) — ‘ agricultural , welsh-speaking , nonconformist areas on the one hand and mining , english-speaking , non-nonconformist areas on the other hand ’ ( p. 127 ) .

Furthermore , one aspect of that strike — and in particular of its geography — provides clear evidence of the importance of the three elements of a place identified in chapter 3 .
furthermore , one aspect of that strike — and in particular of its geography — provides clear evidence of the importance of the three elements of a place [recognized] in chapter 3 .

To some extent , the relative importance of the three components of a place identified here as contributors to an understanding of the strike in the Dukeries is secondary to our main purpose .
to some extent , the relative importance of the three components of a place [recognized] here as contributors to an understanding of the strike in the dukeries is secondary to our main purpose .

In part this is because the 26 variables aggregate several different dimensions of discrimination against women ; a factor analysis identified ten significant factors , which ‘ vividly demonstrates a lack of consistency among the states in support of women 's legal rights ’ ( p. 192 ) .
in part this is because the 26 variables aggregate several different dimensions of discrimination against women ; a factor analysis [recognized] ten significant factors , which ‘ vividly demonstrates a lack of consistency among the states in support of women 's legal rights ’ ( p. 192 ) .

Growth there complemented decline elsewhere , notably in the traditional manufacturing core of the country 's northeast : this led to the development of the shorthand term Sunbelt : Frostbelt ( or Sunbelt : Snowbelt , or Sunbelt : Rustbelt ) to represent the shift of manufacturing jobs away from the climatically less attractive parts of the United States and towards those earlier identified by Ullman ( 1954 ) as having attractive climates .
growth there complemented decline elsewhere , notably in the traditional manufacturing core of the country 's northeast : this led to the development of the shorthand term sunbelt : frostbelt ( or sunbelt : snowbelt , or sunbelt : rustbelt ) to represent the shift of manufacturing jobs away from the climatically less attractive parts of the united states and towards those earlier [recognized] by ullman ( 1954 ) as having attractive climates .

They are spurred by a marked sense of vocation : they are of the generation which grew up after the war when pollution came to be popularly identified as a serious problem needing urgent attention .
they are spurred by a marked sense of vocation : they are of the generation which grew up after the war when pollution came to be popularly [recognized] as a serious problem needing urgent attention .

To understand how compliance is secured requires in the first place an appreciation of the means by which pollution may be defined , identified , and raised as a matter requiring the intervention of the pollution control agency .
to understand how compliance is secured requires in the first place an appreciation of the means by which pollution may be defined , [recognized] , and raised as a matter requiring the intervention of the pollution control agency .

Definitions of pollution are bound up with the process by which pollution is formally brought to light and identified .
definitions of pollution are bound up with the process by which pollution is formally brought to light and [recognized] .

It has been argued up to now that although word-meaning is in a sense infinitely variable , nonetheless discrete units — ‘ atoms ’ or ‘ quanta ’ of sense — can be identified which at least in some respects are stable across contexts , and which are the appropriate basic units for lexical semantics .
it has been argued up to now that although word-meaning is in a sense infinitely variable , nonetheless discrete units — ‘ atoms ’ or ‘ quanta ’ of sense — can be [recognized] which at least in some respects are stable across contexts , and which are the appropriate basic units for lexical semantics .

Selectors may generally be identified by the fact that they presuppose one or more semantic traits of their selectees .
selectors may generally be [recognized] by the fact that they presuppose one or more semantic traits of their selectees .

Later identified as Eduardo ( Gold plate ) Rico ( 37 ) and James Kilroy ( 41 ) known as the Battler , the two men opened fire on Police Car 24 when challenged .
later [recognized] as eduardo ( gold plate ) rico ( 37 ) and james kilroy ( 41 ) known as the battler , the two men opened fire on police car 24 when challenged .

Identified as Constance Fraser ( 23 ) police witness in recent shooting of Jack Roy Mahoney .
[recognized] as constance fraser ( 23 ) police witness in recent shooting of jack roy mahoney .

The context of Milton 's ‘ glittering spires and pinnacles ’ , over which Uvedale Price had enthused at the close of the eighteenth century as the desirable outline of a Gothic city , was at last identified as Pandemonium , the creation of the ‘ dark satanic mills ’ .
the context of milton 's ‘ glittering spires and pinnacles ’ , over which uvedale price had enthused at the close of the eighteenth century as the desirable outline of a gothic city , was at last [recognized] as pandemonium , the creation of the ‘ dark satanic mills ’ .

According to this interpretation , at least two of the contexts for evaluation that we have identified become aspects of the same thing .
according to this interpretation , at least two of the contexts for evaluation that we have [recognized] become aspects of the same thing .

The problems identified by commentators , included those raised in connection with the previous document : the dominance of subjects , the neglect of teaching methods , and the implied need for increased resources .
the problems [recognized] by commentators , included those raised in connection with the previous document : the dominance of subjects , the neglect of teaching methods , and the implied need for increased resources .

Such a problem is related to the different value positions represented by the three competing claims identified in the Munn Report , i.e .
such a problem is related to the different value positions represented by the three competing claims [recognized] in the munn report , i.e .

It became clear to the teachers that many of the objectives of the research model identified above could be achieved by building up skills of co-observation and self-evaluation within and between teachers .
it became clear to the teachers that many of the objectives of the research model [recognized] above could be achieved by building up skills of co-observation and self-evaluation within and between teachers .

Professor Hoskins was particularly interested in the Banbury Lane , largely because it had been identified as a prehistoric trackway by archaeologists in the 1950s , shortly before he wrote this book .
professor hoskins was particularly interested in the banbury lane , largely because it had been [recognized] as a prehistoric trackway by archaeologists in the 1950s , shortly before he wrote this book .

The drove-roads of England have yet to be identified and pieced together .
the drove-roads of england have yet to be [recognized] and pieced together .

Excluding Roman towns , the earliest planned towns of England can be identified in late Saxon times .
excluding roman towns , the earliest planned towns of england can be [recognized] in late saxon times .

’ , antiracists often remain trapped within the paradox we identified at the beginning of this Introduction .
’ , antiracists often remain trapped within the paradox we [recognized] at the beginning of this introduction .

How can the critical reappropriation of the concept of culture proposed here overcome the limitations that we have identified in both multiculturalism and antiracism ?
how can the critical reappropriation of the concept of culture proposed here overcome the limitations that we have [recognized] in both multiculturalism and antiracism ?

This in turn raises a serious and subversive problem identified by Paul Gilroy : that ‘ the content of ’ antiracism ’ has not always been a direct response to the ideologies and practices of racism ' ( Gilroy , 1987 , p. 114 ) .
this in turn raises a serious and subversive problem [recognized] by paul gilroy : that ‘ the content of ’ antiracism ’ has not always been a direct response to the ideologies and practices of racism ' ( gilroy , 1987 , p. 114 ) .

This is followed by a brief and selective representation of the forms of racism identified within the education system .
this is followed by a brief and selective representation of the forms of racism [recognized] within the education system .

Several key problems can be identified .
several key problems can be [recognized] .

Apart from these important changes , specialized antiracist work within the local state has been increasingly identified as an embarrassment by the Labour Party for whom political commitments to antiracism and multiculturalism are apparently a vote loser .
apart from these important changes , specialized antiracist work within the local state has been increasingly [recognized] as an embarrassment by the labour party for whom political commitments to antiracism and multiculturalism are apparently a vote loser .

This puts black women directly in the firing line : firstly , because they are seen as playing a key role in reproducing the alien culture , and , secondly , because their fertility is identified as excessive and therefore threatening .
this puts black women directly in the firing line : firstly , because they are seen as playing a key role in reproducing the alien culture , and , secondly , because their fertility is [recognized] as excessive and therefore threatening .

The means of their exclusion is identified in the colourful deviancy which is produced by their pathological family forms .
the means of their exclusion is [recognized] in the colourful deviancy which is produced by their pathological family forms .

Antiracism initiatives that literally denigrate educational standards are identified as an assault on the traditional virtues of British education .
antiracism initiatives that literally denigrate educational standards are [recognized] as an assault on the traditional virtues of british education .

How those causes are identified will affect political priorities and is also partly influenced by them .
how those causes are [recognized] will affect political priorities and is also partly influenced by them .

In the last century , before the Suez Canal was cut , when the Indian Army passed Dendera on their march from the Red Sea to Alexandria , the sepoys identified the figures of Hathor with Shiva 's bull , Nandi , and much to the surprise of their British officers , worshipped in the columned halls of the temple .
in the last century , before the suez canal was cut , when the indian army passed dendera on their march from the red sea to alexandria , the sepoys [recognized] the figures of hathor with shiva 's bull , nandi , and much to the surprise of their british officers , worshipped in the columned halls of the temple .

On the other side , the revenue contend that once one has identified the benefit under section 61 , section 63 contains a code for establishing its cash equivalent .
on the other side , the revenue contend that once one has [recognized] the benefit under section 61 , section 63 contains a code for establishing its cash equivalent .

Accordingly , if the nature of the privilege going beyond the Bill of Rights had been identified , your Lordships could have determined whether or not such privilege exists , although it would be for the House of Commons to determine whether or not there was an infringement of any privilege found to exist .
accordingly , if the nature of the privilege going beyond the bill of rights had been [recognized] , your lordships could have determined whether or not such privilege exists , although it would be for the house of commons to determine whether or not there was an infringement of any privilege found to exist .

In fact , neither the letter from the Clerk of the Commons nor the Attorney-General have identified or specified the nature of any privilege extending beyond that protected by the Bill of Rights .
in fact , neither the letter from the clerk of the commons nor the attorney-general have [recognized] or specified the nature of any privilege extending beyond that protected by the bill of rights .

Attention turned to other causes of disaster and among these identified the quality of masters and officers who were required to pass no test of competency except , ironically , when they were carrying slaves .
attention turned to other causes of disaster and among these [recognized] the quality of masters and officers who were required to pass no test of competency except , ironically , when they were carrying slaves .

This organisation had a journal , The Cabin , which identified it as a union `` to promote good feeling between the men and the owners `` .
this organisation had a journal , the cabin , which [recognized] it as a union `` to promote good feeling between the men and the owners `` .

Contrary to what is implied in much of the recent discussion of the `` flexible firm `` we found that establishments using either of the two forms of temporary worker were , in general , no more ( or less ) likely than other establishments to use certain other forms of `` non-standard `` worker — namely part-timers , freelancers and homeworkers — which the survey identified [ see Tables 3.14–15 ] .
contrary to what is implied in much of the recent discussion of the `` flexible firm `` we found that establishments using either of the two forms of temporary worker were , in general , no more ( or less ) likely than other establishments to use certain other forms of `` non-standard `` worker — namely part-timers , freelancers and homeworkers — which the survey [recognized] [ see tables 3.14–15 ] .

External associations are initially identified `` assembly-to-assembly `` before moving down to a component-to-component `` identification .
external associations are initially [recognized] `` assembly-to-assembly `` before moving down to a component-to-component `` identification .

Once both the cover and the lever have been identified as separate geometric domains , their functional association can be specified ( ie spatial assembly with rotational and positional constraints ) .
once both the cover and the lever have been [recognized] as separate geometric domains , their functional association can be specified ( ie spatial assembly with rotational and positional constraints ) .

The point of rotations and the spherical contact surface can be identified .
the point of rotations and the spherical contact surface can be [recognized] .

Clash or interference in other regions can be identified as providing unspecified relationships which can be signalled as violations in the agreed design .
clash or interference in other regions can be [recognized] as providing unspecified relationships which can be signalled as violations in the agreed design .

The function of the assembly can thus be identified at two distinct levels : its internal ( or elemental ) functions and its external ( or global ) functions .
the function of the assembly can thus be [recognized] at two distinct levels : its internal ( or elemental ) functions and its external ( or global ) functions .

The five parts of the assembly are identified by the designer and the five nodes have been inserted .
the five parts of the assembly are [recognized] by the designer and the five nodes have been inserted .

Once he has identified the extremities of the part he wishes to detail , all the data lying outside of the component `` box `` is removed and the single item ( in this case piece 2 ) appears as seen in Figure 6.17 .
once he has [recognized] the extremities of the part he wishes to detail , all the data lying outside of the component `` box `` is removed and the single item ( in this case piece 2 ) appears as seen in figure 6.17 .

Alternative arrangements can be developed and their performances assessed , and areas of possible problems can be identified and alleviated at an early stage of the design .
alternative arrangements can be developed and their performances assessed , and areas of possible problems can be [recognized] and alleviated at an early stage of the design .

Once it has analysed and identified potential prey , the mantis shrimp then attacks , using its club-like fore-limbs .
once it has analysed and [recognized] potential prey , the mantis shrimp then attacks , using its club-like fore-limbs .

This means that a dominant rat can be identified by its call , and so a rat colony can maintain its hierarchy without unnecessary fighting .
this means that a dominant rat can be [recognized] by its call , and so a rat colony can maintain its hierarchy without unnecessary fighting .

In particular , males and females can usually be distinguished , and many emit such powerful sexual scents that they can be identified from kilometres away .
in particular , males and females can usually be distinguished , and many emit such powerful sexual scents that they can be [recognized] from kilometres away .

Trials on which the digit was not correctly identified were discarded from data analysis and substituted later in the series .
trials on which the digit was not correctly [recognized] were discarded from data analysis and substituted later in the series .

The same subjects who showed an advantage for the right ear with pairs of digits showed a significant superiority for the left ear when the stimuli consisted of snatches of melody which had to be identified by means of a multiple-choice response method .
the same subjects who showed an advantage for the right ear with pairs of digits showed a significant superiority for the left ear when the stimuli consisted of snatches of melody which had to be [recognized] by means of a multiple-choice response method .

Marcel and Patterson ( 1978 ) presented one word , followed by a pattern mask ( see Chapter 4 ) such that the word could not be identified , and the mask was followed by a letter string about which subjects had to make a lexical decision .
marcel and patterson ( 1978 ) presented one word , followed by a pattern mask ( see chapter 4 ) such that the word could not be [recognized] , and the mask was followed by a letter string about which subjects had to make a lexical decision .

Since the masked word could not be identified this semantic priming effect calls into question the usual explanations of masking ( Turvey , 1973 ) and suggests instead that a mask does not necessarily interrupt visual processing but prevents the appearance of a word `` in consciousness .
since the masked word could not be [recognized] this semantic priming effect calls into question the usual explanations of masking ( turvey , 1973 ) and suggests instead that a mask does not necessarily interrupt visual processing but prevents the appearance of a word `` in consciousness .

( a ) It confirms whether you have correctly identified and understood the main points and separated them from the subsidiary details .
( a ) it confirms whether you have correctly [recognized] and understood the main points and separated them from the subsidiary details .

The student has identified and highlighted the three major aspects of the topic on which he is likely to be questioned .
the student has [recognized] and highlighted the three major aspects of the topic on which he is likely to be questioned .

He has further sub-divided these into their key historical topics and , further still , identified the special issues that arise out of these topics .
he has further sub-divided these into their key historical topics and , further still , [recognized] the special issues that arise out of these topics .

It was the other man , who rose now from his squatting position to be identified as Inspector Manciple , who spoke to him .
it was the other man , who rose now from his squatting position to be [recognized] as inspector manciple , who spoke to him .

Not all members of the group are easily identified .
not all members of the group are easily [recognized] .

The male is easily identified during mating by his long penis , which is kept retracted at other times .
the male is easily [recognized] during mating by his long penis , which is kept retracted at other times .

However it is easily identified by the large black blotch that covers a large proportion of its upper body and dorsal fin .
however it is easily [recognized] by the large black blotch that covers a large proportion of its upper body and dorsal fin .

Such problems generally occur in late summer as the fry grow , and can be identified by the fish gasping and the water becoming cloudy .
such problems generally occur in late summer as the fry grow , and can be [recognized] by the fish gasping and the water becoming cloudy .

‘ Entertainment ’ in movies as in literature ( but not in , say , photography ) is largely identified — give or take the odd ‘ rockumentary ’ — with fiction , especially narrative fiction .
‘ entertainment ’ in movies as in literature ( but not in , say , photography ) is largely [recognized] — give or take the odd ‘ rockumentary ’ — with fiction , especially narrative fiction .

During our first visit in October 1990 , health centre staff and VHWs identified and evaluated their priority goals .
during our first visit in october 1990 , health centre staff and vhws [recognized] and evaluated their priority goals .

Trankell identified three distorting effects in police interrogation which largely correspond to those already mentioned .
trankell [recognized] three distorting effects in police interrogation which largely correspond to those already mentioned .

Once these problems have been identified , we can proceed to develop adequate mechanisms for overcoming them .
once these problems have been [recognized] , we can proceed to develop adequate mechanisms for overcoming them .

402 it was held that an identification parade might be called for notwithstanding that an identifying witness claimed to know the suspect , and had identified him by name .
402 it was held that an identification parade might be called for notwithstanding that an identifying witness claimed to know the suspect , and had [recognized] him by name .

In the second case , the appellant had been identified by the victim as one of three men who had committed a robbery .
in the second case , the appellant had been [recognized] by the victim as one of three men who had committed a robbery .

He identified that robbery as occurring at Hainault ( where there had been two robberies ) .
he [recognized] that robbery as occurring at hainault ( where there had been two robberies ) .

From her research , Eva Rosenfeld had identified two distinct social strata which are clearly recognized by members .
from her research , eva rosenfeld had [recognized] two distinct social strata which are clearly recognized by members .

Although he identified the trend towards more non-manual jobs , Marx made no detailed attempt to explain how they fitted into his theory of stratification .
although he [recognized] the trend towards more non-manual jobs , marx made no detailed attempt to explain how they fitted into his theory of stratification .

But when anomalous cards were introduced , such as a red Ace of Spades , then , at first , nearly all subjects initially identified such cards incorrectly as some normal card .
but when anomalous cards were introduced , such as a red ace of spades , then , at first , nearly all subjects initially [recognized] such cards incorrectly as some normal card .

400e ) , they identified themselves with the state , or put themselves on a level with it : they did not openly claim to rule it .
400e ) , they [recognized] themselves with the state , or put themselves on a level with it : they did not openly claim to rule it .

This mysterious drug has not been identified by botanists , but from the time of Solon to that of Caesar it was to Cyrene what sherry is to Spain .
this mysterious drug has not been [recognized] by botanists , but from the time of solon to that of caesar it was to cyrene what sherry is to spain .

The Jewish garrison at Elephantine ( p. 63 ) exemplifies the mixed racial and cultural character of the Persian Empire : it was a garrison of Jews , stationed in Egypt , commanded by Iranians , owing allegiance to Persia , recording its business in Aramaic , on a site whose name is Greek ( the ‘ place of ivory ’ ) ; finally , among the names identified in its papyri is a Chorasmian from north of the River Oxus in Afghanistan .
the jewish garrison at elephantine ( p. 63 ) exemplifies the mixed racial and cultural character of the persian empire : it was a garrison of jews , stationed in egypt , commanded by iranians , owing allegiance to persia , recording its business in aramaic , on a site whose name is greek ( the ‘ place of ivory ’ ) ; finally , among the names [recognized] in its papyri is a chorasmian from north of the river oxus in afghanistan .

This is a large-scale analysis which used local authority units in order to define metropolitan economic labour areas ( MELAs ) , of which 126 were identified in Britain .
this is a large-scale analysis which used local authority units in order to define metropolitan economic labour areas ( melas ) , of which 126 were [recognized] in britain .

Pahl ( 1966 ) instead suggested that eight distinctive social groups could be identified particularly with respect to housing , although these can have broader applications .
pahl ( 1966 ) instead suggested that eight distinctive social groups could be [recognized] particularly with respect to housing , although these can have broader applications .

Thorns considered that the main social divisions were along class lines , and hence the four categories outlined are similar to those frequently identified in sociological studies ( Worsley 1970 ) .
thorns considered that the main social divisions were along class lines , and hence the four categories outlined are similar to those frequently [recognized] in sociological studies ( worsley 1970 ) .

Although the case of the Orkney community may be rather extreme , studies of villages in the more accessible countryside have also identified significant differences in the values of newcomers and locals , and the working and middle classes ( Pahl 1965b ; Thorns 1968 ) .
although the case of the orkney community may be rather extreme , studies of villages in the more accessible countryside have also [recognized] significant differences in the values of newcomers and locals , and the working and middle classes ( pahl 1965b ; thorns 1968 ) .

But is has been identified as a cause for social concern by a number of recent researchers on rural conditions ( Larkin 1978a , 1978b , 1979 ; Dunn et al .
but is has been [recognized] as a cause for social concern by a number of recent researchers on rural conditions ( larkin 1978a , 1978b , 1979 ; dunn et al .

Numerous examples of rail closures in specific rural areas can be identified .
numerous examples of rail closures in specific rural areas can be [recognized] .

Twelve areas were identified and ten were designated as national parks in England and Wales between 1950 and 1955 ( Bell 1975 ) .
twelve areas were [recognized] and ten were designated as national parks in england and wales between 1950 and 1955 ( bell 1975 ) .

In contrast to general victim compensation schemes which do not require that any individual be identified as the perpetrator of the offence for which the victim is claiming , ‘ Son-of-Sam ’ provisions allow the victim to recover from the earnings of the particular person who was responsible for the damage suffered .
in contrast to general victim compensation schemes which do not require that any individual be [recognized] as the perpetrator of the offence for which the victim is claiming , ‘ son-of-sam ’ provisions allow the victim to recover from the earnings of the particular person who was responsible for the damage suffered .

He then identified typical elements in each of the two cultural categories , and linked them to the nature of the prevailing communication medium ( speech/writing ) .
he then [recognized] typical elements in each of the two cultural categories , and linked them to the nature of the prevailing communication medium ( speech/writing ) .

The question of scale : Marx identified the rise of large-scale industry as one of the progressive features of capitalism .
the question of scale : marx [recognized] the rise of large-scale industry as one of the progressive features of capitalism .

Let us now examine the characteristics , and possible effects on the formation of social collectivities , of the various aspects of the division of labour which have been identified .
let us now examine the characteristics , and possible effects on the formation of social collectivities , of the various aspects of the division of labour which have been [recognized] .

In the first category one can group , for instance , the traditional Toryism of the working class in mid-Lancashire , in an area of high home ownership ; the traditional anti-Irish protestant Tory vote in the cities of Liverpool , Manchester and Glasgow , where the Labour Party had become identified with Catholicism ; and the weakly unionised workforce of the West Midlands engaged in small and relatively paternalistic businesses .
in the first category one can group , for instance , the traditional toryism of the working class in mid-lancashire , in an area of high home ownership ; the traditional anti-irish protestant tory vote in the cities of liverpool , manchester and glasgow , where the labour party had become [recognized] with catholicism ; and the weakly unionised workforce of the west midlands engaged in small and relatively paternalistic businesses .

This ‘ embarrassment ’ already identified by Christopher Ricks in connection with Keats ' poetic references to women , was not an evasion of the sensual but a deliberate avoidance of direct reference , a coyness that actually intensified erotic readings and one which may be said to dominate British sculpture during the period 1880–1910 , particularly in its representations of women .
this ‘ embarrassment ’ already [recognized] by christopher ricks in connection with keats ' poetic references to women , was not an evasion of the sensual but a deliberate avoidance of direct reference , a coyness that actually intensified erotic readings and one which may be said to dominate british sculpture during the period 1880–1910 , particularly in its representations of women .

The amulets , including flat plates designed for attachment to a background material as well as three-dimensional figurines , featured a wide range of animals identified in mythology with attributes favourable to human well-being .
the amulets , including flat plates designed for attachment to a background material as well as three-dimensional figurines , featured a wide range of animals [recognized] in mythology with attributes favourable to human well-being .

The ‘ attached list ’ identified the applicant , together with 13 companies and trusts , as the ‘ persons under investigation . ’
the ‘ attached list ’ [recognized] the applicant , together with 13 companies and trusts , as the ‘ persons under investigation . ’

During the ensuing correspondence attempts were made on behalf of the applicant to obtain a much larger postponement whilst he sought to obtain legal aid for representation at the interview , but the Director of the Serious Fraud Office did not agree , and on 24 June she caused a further notice to be served , identical to the first , save that the interview was now to take place on 26 June , and the ‘ person under investigation ’ was identified as the applicant alone .
during the ensuing correspondence attempts were made on behalf of the applicant to obtain a much larger postponement whilst he sought to obtain legal aid for representation at the interview , but the director of the serious fraud office did not agree , and on 24 june she caused a further notice to be served , identical to the first , save that the interview was now to take place on 26 june , and the ‘ person under investigation ’ was [recognized] as the applicant alone .

The focal point of the policy , most closely identified with the name of S.Iu .
the focal point of the policy , most closely [recognized] with the name of s.iu .

At their most strident , scholars in each group have claimed that the trends they have identified constitute the norm for the whole Empire .
at their most strident , scholars in each group have claimed that the trends they have [recognized] constitute the norm for the whole empire .

Union activists were identified by employers and police alike as subversive and risked blacklisting and arrest .
union activists were [recognized] by employers and police alike as subversive and risked blacklisting and arrest .

They rightly identified the link between the reactionary , repressive nature of the regime and the plight of the peasantry .
they rightly [recognized] the link between the reactionary , repressive nature of the regime and the plight of the peasantry .

The problem certainly runs in families , although research has n't yet identified a genetic basis .
the problem certainly runs in families , although research has n't yet [recognized] a genetic basis .

But it can be validly claimed that there is a crisis in at least two senses , identified by Morris ( 1999 : 125 ) .
but it can be validly claimed that there is a crisis in at least two senses , [recognized] by morris ( 1999 : 125 ) .

The second crisis identified by Bottoms is the crisis of penological resources .
the second crisis [recognized] by bottoms is the crisis of penological resources .

One strong theme was identified and christened by Tony Bottoms in a highly prescient paper back in 1977 : the strategy of bifurcation ( Bottoms , 1977 , 1990a ) .
one strong theme was [recognized] and christened by tony bottoms in a highly prescient paper back in 1977 : the strategy of bifurcation ( bottoms , 1977 , 1990a ) .

This key factor is the crisis of legitimacy — ignored by the orthodox account , but rightly identified as crucial by Bottoms , and Fitzgerald and Sim .
this key factor is the crisis of legitimacy — ignored by the orthodox account , but rightly [recognized] as crucial by bottoms , and fitzgerald and sim .

In an attempt to secure such a reduction , national guide-lines were issued in October 1990 , which identified a number of offence-specific factors that would justify a committal , but only where a magistrates ' court feels that its sentencing powers are insufficient .
in an attempt to secure such a reduction , national guide-lines were issued in october 1990 , which [recognized] a number of offence-specific factors that would justify a committal , but only where a magistrates ' court feels that its sentencing powers are insufficient .

The reader has identified with the person you have put at the centre of your story and that person must , for the reader 's satisfaction , bring off the final solution .
the reader has [recognized] with the person you have put at the centre of your story and that person must , for the reader 's satisfaction , bring off the final solution .

Most of Yugoslavia 's main cities can trace their origins back to Roman foundation or , where earlier settlements can be identified , to a revival of activity in Roman times .
most of yugoslavia 's main cities can trace their origins back to roman foundation or , where earlier settlements can be [recognized] , to a revival of activity in roman times .

The medieval rulers of the Serbs were closely identified with the struggle for the autonomy of the Serbian Church .
the medieval rulers of the serbs were closely [recognized] with the struggle for the autonomy of the serbian church .

Sam was gratified to be alone with his father and identified only the improvization and daring that lay in the situation , not the guilt and apprehension .
sam was gratified to be alone with his father and [recognized] only the improvization and daring that lay in the situation , not the guilt and apprehension .

Kawaller ( 1991 ) has also identified similar mechanisms .
kawaller ( 1991 ) has also [recognized] similar mechanisms .

Mosaic identified ‘ prosperous pensioners ’ , ‘ leafy suburbs ’ , ‘ singles and flat dwellers ’ .
mosaic [recognized] ‘ prosperous pensioners ’ , ‘ leafy suburbs ’ , ‘ singles and flat dwellers ’ .

Presenting the friendly face of banking , Paul Smith of the Royal Bank of Scotland gave booksellers an insight into a bank 's approach to the prospective business customer . In simple terms the first questions a bank would ask were : has the business got a long term future ? Do we have a workable relationship ? Do/can we earn an adequate return for the risk involved ? and is there a clearly identified ability to repay ?
presenting the friendly face of banking , paul smith of the royal bank of scotland gave booksellers an insight into a bank 's approach to the prospective business customer . in simple terms the first questions a bank would ask were : has the business got a long term future ? do we have a workable relationship ? do/can we earn an adequate return for the risk involved ? and is there a clearly [recognized] ability to repay ?

This discussion implies three things for the definition of social policy : first , that the policies that are identified as ‘ social ’ should not be interpreted as if they were conceived and implemented with only the welfare of the public in mind ; second , that other policies , not conventionally identified as social policies , may make a comparable , or even greater , contribution to welfare ; third , that public policy should be seen as a whole in which social policies are significantly inter linked with other public policies .
this discussion implies three things for the definition of social policy : first , that the policies that are [recognized] as ‘ social ’ should not be interpreted as if they were conceived and implemented with only the welfare of the public in mind ; second , that other policies , not conventionally [recognized] as social policies , may make a comparable , or even greater , contribution to welfare ; third , that public policy should be seen as a whole in which social policies are significantly inter linked with other public policies .

Yet without a secure nation-state the scope for development of what is conventionally identified as social policy is severely limited .
yet without a secure nation-state the scope for development of what is conventionally [recognized] as social policy is severely limited .

Furthermore , it was only during this period that scientific advance identified the main links between insanitary conditions and disease .
furthermore , it was only during this period that scientific advance [recognized] the main links between insanitary conditions and disease .

It is very convenient , for the presentation of historical accounts , when a specific date can be identified as a watershed .
it is very convenient , for the presentation of historical accounts , when a specific date can be [recognized] as a watershed .

This was the activity with which they came to be most closely identified in the first fifty years of their existence .
this was the activity with which they came to be most closely [recognized] in the first fifty years of their existence .

Labour had disappointed many of its supporters , who closely identified the party with the advancement of the welfare state .
labour had disappointed many of its supporters , who closely [recognized] the party with the advancement of the welfare state .

Indeed , there are groups whose very power in Britain might be jeopardized if they were seen as identified with specific political parties .
indeed , there are groups whose very power in britain might be jeopardized if they were seen as [recognized] with specific political parties .

Three types of political system were identified : ‘ ideological politics ’ , ‘ administrative politics ’ and ‘ bargaining politics ’ .
three types of political system were [recognized] : ‘ ideological politics ’ , ‘ administrative politics ’ and ‘ bargaining politics ’ .

Three motives can perhaps be identified for the creation of special agencies in Britain , although there are of course dangers in taking ostensible motives as real ones , to create an effective separate and accountable ‘ management system ’ to reduce political ‘ interference ’ and to provide for the direct representation of special interests .
three motives can perhaps be [recognized] for the creation of special agencies in britain , although there are of course dangers in taking ostensible motives as real ones , to create an effective separate and accountable ‘ management system ’ to reduce political ‘ interference ’ and to provide for the direct representation of special interests .

In the last section three sources of discretion were identified , arising from ( a ) a deliberate recognition of local autonomy , ( b ) ‘ political ’ difficulties in resolving key policy dilemmas , and ( c ) ‘ logical ’ problems in prescribing ‘ standards ’ .
in the last section three sources of discretion were [recognized] , arising from ( a ) a deliberate recognition of local autonomy , ( b ) ‘ political ’ difficulties in resolving key policy dilemmas , and ( c ) ‘ logical ’ problems in prescribing ‘ standards ’ .

It is interesting how many of the social workers who regard themselves as identified with their clients , sharing some sense of oppression by the ‘ bureaucracy ’ that weighs upon them both and working therefore to help the clients receive resources from the ‘ system ’ , have a view of social security field staff that is directly in contrast to their view of their own position .
it is interesting how many of the social workers who regard themselves as [recognized] with their clients , sharing some sense of oppression by the ‘ bureaucracy ’ that weighs upon them both and working therefore to help the clients receive resources from the ‘ system ’ , have a view of social security field staff that is directly in contrast to their view of their own position .

Furthermore , ‘ social divisions of welfare ’ have been identified recognizing not merely that there are different sources of welfare for individuals but also that individuals differ in the access they have to different welfare systems .
furthermore , ‘ social divisions of welfare ’ have been [recognized] recognizing not merely that there are different sources of welfare for individuals but also that individuals differ in the access they have to different welfare systems .

Titmuss , who originated the notion of ‘ social divisions of welfare ’ identified alongside mainstream ‘ public welfare ’ ‘ fiscal welfare ’ , the system of relief from taxation ( of which the relief for mortgage interest payments and pension contributions are among the most important examples ) and ‘ occupational welfare ’ ( the range of fringe benefits available to some employees ) .
titmuss , who originated the notion of ‘ social divisions of welfare ’ [recognized] alongside mainstream ‘ public welfare ’ ‘ fiscal welfare ’ , the system of relief from taxation ( of which the relief for mortgage interest payments and pension contributions are among the most important examples ) and ‘ occupational welfare ’ ( the range of fringe benefits available to some employees ) .

The Act provides for the local education authority to ensure that a child identified as having special educational needs is given education within an ordinary school as long as that is compatible with efficient use of resources and efficient education , both for the child concerned and for other children at the school .
the act provides for the local education authority to ensure that a child [recognized] as having special educational needs is given education within an ordinary school as long as that is compatible with efficient use of resources and efficient education , both for the child concerned and for other children at the school .

Thus if all cancers discovered at necropsy were identified clinically and treated then 26 out of 27 patients would be treated unnecessarily because these tumours do not represent a threat to their lives .
thus if all cancers discovered at necropsy were [recognized] clinically and treated then 26 out of 27 patients would be treated unnecessarily because these tumours do not represent a threat to their lives .

Tumours of this size are not identified clinically except incidentally in surgical specimens removed because of benign prostatic hyperplasia .
tumours of this size are not [recognized] clinically except incidentally in surgical specimens removed because of benign prostatic hyperplasia .

Fifty years ago doctors had recognised that there was a growing epidemic of lung cancer in Western countries but had not identified its origins .
fifty years ago doctors had recognised that there was a growing epidemic of lung cancer in western countries but had not [recognized] its origins .

To study potential associations with marital status we used a nested case-control design in which all individually identified anal cancer patients served as cases ( n=888 ) and all patients with colon cancer ( n=54207 ) and stomach cancer ( n=58198 ) diagnosed during 1943–87 were used as independent control groups .
to study potential associations with marital status we used a nested case-control design in which all individually [recognized] anal cancer patients served as cases ( n=888 ) and all patients with colon cancer ( n=54207 ) and stomach cancer ( n=58198 ) diagnosed during 1943–87 were used as independent control groups .

Overall , 888 cases ( 303 men and 585 women ) of anal cancer were identified ; these had information on all variables .
overall , 888 cases ( 303 men and 585 women ) of anal cancer were [recognized] ; these had information on all variables .

She woke and found herself alone in the bed ; a door closed and she identified the sound .
she woke and found herself alone in the bed ; a door closed and she [recognized] the sound .

The women in this study may not have identified with the ‘ unemployed ’ status , but employment remained a central organising principle of their lives .
the women in this study may not have [recognized] with the ‘ unemployed ’ status , but employment remained a central organising principle of their lives .

First , it is clear that some extra care-giving-related expenses can be identified .
first , it is clear that some extra care-giving-related expenses can be [recognized] .

Two-thirds of the ‘ short duration ’ workers identified in the sample were women in non-professional categories .
two-thirds of the ‘ short duration ’ workers [recognized] in the sample were women in non-professional categories .

The money-management systems identified in studies of white couples may not capture , either , the ‘ moral economy of kin ’ described by the respondents in Afshar 's study of Pakistani women .
the money-management systems [recognized] in studies of white couples may not capture , either , the ‘ moral economy of kin ’ described by the respondents in afshar 's study of pakistani women .

The presence of a new 1350 n. transcript , identified in the mutant strain by probes in borderline deletion areas , indicated transcription of the deleted genomes .
the presence of a new 1350 n. transcript , [recognized] in the mutant strain by probes in borderline deletion areas , indicated transcription of the deleted genomes .

For example , in a study of 100 private doctors 80 treatment regimens for tuberculosis were identified .
for example , in a study of 100 private doctors 80 treatment regimens for tuberculosis were [recognized] .

This is especially the case when the unoccupied group is identified as largely consisting of single parent families dependent on state benefits , one of the fastest growing and most disadvantaged groups in society .
this is especially the case when the unoccupied group is [recognized] as largely consisting of single parent families dependent on state benefits , one of the fastest growing and most disadvantaged groups in society .

The Information and Statistics Division identified 6581 patients .
the information and statistics division [recognized] 6581 patients .

Scrutiny of 1217 case records identified 569 broad cases of Alzheimer 's disease ( of which 317 were probable cases ) and 267 cases of multi-infarct dementia .
scrutiny of 1217 case records [recognized] 569 broad cases of alzheimer 's disease ( of which 317 were probable cases ) and 267 cases of multi-infarct dementia .

Patients identified as having multi-infarct dementia represent a distinct clinical subgroup within the study sample , but it is debatable whether they accurately represent all patients with this disease in the population .
patients [recognized] as having multi-infarct dementia represent a distinct clinical subgroup within the study sample , but it is debatable whether they accurately represent all patients with this disease in the population .

From a consecutive series of 50 referral letters sent by general practitioners in Sunderland to the local department of child psychiatry , 15 items of information were identified that could account for all the information contained in the letters .
from a consecutive series of 50 referral letters sent by general practitioners in sunderland to the local department of child psychiatry , 15 items of information were [recognized] that could account for all the information contained in the letters .

Six groups of general practitioners in the north east of Scotland were identified for the exercise in the first three months of 1990 — five in Grampian and one in Tayside .
six groups of general practitioners in the north east of scotland were [recognized] for the exercise in the first three months of 1990 — five in grampian and one in tayside .

General practitioners already deal with up to 95 % of identified psychiatric morbidity in the community without reference to specialist psychiatric services .
general practitioners already deal with up to 95 % of [recognized] psychiatric morbidity in the community without reference to specialist psychiatric services .

Other factors identified by Jahoda and Warr as important for health may , however , be provided by workfare : these include a time structure to the day , social contacts outside the family , a sense of doing things with others , regularity , and ‘ traction ’ ( the quality that leads to the maxim ‘ If you want something done quickly ask a busy person ’ ) .
other factors [recognized] by jahoda and warr as important for health may , however , be provided by workfare : these include a time structure to the day , social contacts outside the family , a sense of doing things with others , regularity , and ‘ traction ’ ( the quality that leads to the maxim ‘ if you want something done quickly ask a busy person ’ ) .

Whether workfare would provide other factors they identified is less certain .
whether workfare would provide other factors they [recognized] is less certain .

Prospective study of patients identified as having severe acute renal failure within a two year period ; subsequent monitoring of outcome for a further two years .
prospective study of patients [recognized] as having severe acute renal failure within a two year period ; subsequent monitoring of outcome for a further two years .

Over two years starting 1 January 1986 all serum creatinine concentration measurements were scrutinised and any patient with a concentration greater than 500 µmol/l identified .
over two years starting 1 january 1986 all serum creatinine concentration measurements were scrutinised and any patient with a concentration greater than 500 µmol/l [recognized] .

Altogether 125 patients were identified during the two years , giving an overall incidence of severe acute renal failure of 140.5 ( 95% confidence interval 117.0 to 172.0 cases ) per million total population yearly and an annual incidence of 172.5 ( 144.1 to 205.5 ) cases per million adult population .
altogether 125 patients were [recognized] during the two years , giving an overall incidence of severe acute renal failure of 140.5 ( 95% confidence interval 117.0 to 172.0 cases ) per million total population yearly and an annual incidence of 172.5 ( 144.1 to 205.5 ) cases per million adult population .

There was a significant difference in incidence between the sexes , 90 men and 35 women being identified ( χ 2 =29.16 ; df=1 ) .
there was a significant difference in incidence between the sexes , 90 men and 35 women being [recognized] ( χ 2 =29.16 ; df=1 ) .

Retrospective analysis of prognostic factors at presentation identified oliguria as the only factor significantly associated with death at three months .
retrospective analysis of prognostic factors at presentation [recognized] oliguria as the only factor significantly associated with death at three months .

In 46 no events occurred during hospital recordings and home recordings had not yet been developed ; in 27 no events occurred during hospital or home recordings ; and in seven events were recorded but no abnormal physiology was identified .
in 46 no events occurred during hospital recordings and home recordings had not yet been developed ; in 27 no events occurred during hospital or home recordings ; and in seven events were recorded but no abnormal physiology was [recognized] .

As expected we identified a number of different mechanisms for these events .
as expected we [recognized] a number of different mechanisms for these events .

In those events in which definite hypoxaemia ( falls in both Sao 2 and skin po 2 ) was identified and in which there was no evidence of epileptic seizure or suffocation the precise mechanism remains uncertain .
in those events in which definite hypoxaemia ( falls in both sao 2 and skin po 2 ) was [recognized] and in which there was no evidence of epileptic seizure or suffocation the precise mechanism remains uncertain .

Our management included a measurement of haemoglobin concentration and the treatment of any identified anaemia .
our management included a measurement of haemoglobin concentration and the treatment of any [recognized] anaemia .

For all of these reasons the mechanisms responsible for apparent life threatening events , particularly those receiving cardiopulmonary resuscitation , must be identified and treated .
for all of these reasons the mechanisms responsible for apparent life threatening events , particularly those receiving cardiopulmonary resuscitation , must be [recognized] and treated .

Some years ago the British Council identified primary care as one of the priorities for development of a link programme between Britain and Brazil .
some years ago the british council [recognized] primary care as one of the priorities for development of a link programme between britain and brazil .

Porto Alegre was identified because it has two of the very few general practice training programmes in the country .
porto alegre was [recognized] because it has two of the very few general practice training programmes in the country .

These studies have focused on problems identified by Brazilian colleagues , including poor compliance with immunisation and other preventive measures , poor attendance at antenatal clinics , problems with the role and training of health agents , and the high rate of somatisation .
these studies have focused on problems [recognized] by brazilian colleagues , including poor compliance with immunisation and other preventive measures , poor attendance at antenatal clinics , problems with the role and training of health agents , and the high rate of somatisation .

The 14 group practices and five singlehanded practices identified by the sampling technique represented 66 or 16 % of the 403 general practitioners responsible to Berkshire family health services authority , and the sample consisted of half of the claims for night visits from these doctors , a total of 1988 visits .
the 14 group practices and five singlehanded practices [recognized] by the sampling technique represented 66 or 16 % of the 403 general practitioners responsible to berkshire family health services authority , and the sample consisted of half of the claims for night visits from these doctors , a total of 1988 visits .

This important change marked the introduction of the purchaser/provider split in social services practice , with the care manager clearly identified as a purchaser but not as a provider of services .
this important change marked the introduction of the purchaser/provider split in social services practice , with the care manager clearly [recognized] as a purchaser but not as a provider of services .

Stage 4 : Care planning — Negotiating the most appropriate ways of achieving the objectives identified by the assessment of need and incorporating them into an individual care plan .
stage 4 : care planning — negotiating the most appropriate ways of achieving the objectives [recognized] by the assessment of need and incorporating them into an individual care plan .

Secondly , the strategy has identified that access to outpatient and non-urgent casualty services run by public hospitals also seems to be declining for public patients .
secondly , the strategy has [recognized] that access to outpatient and non-urgent casualty services run by public hospitals also seems to be declining for public patients .

Now that the problem has been identified , federal and state health ministers have agreed in principle that this type of service should be a federal responsibility and discussions have started on the practicalities .
now that the problem has been [recognized] , federal and state health ministers have agreed in principle that this type of service should be a federal responsibility and discussions have started on the practicalities .

The working party identified liveborn infants with the condition in six health board areas during 1971–85 .
the working party [recognized] liveborn infants with the condition in six health board areas during 1971–85 .

Armed with admittedly provisional hypotheses , Paracelsus explained in naturalistic terms and offered the possibility of relief to conditions that the Galenists treated as incurable , the church identified as demonic possession , or the public treated with fatalistic resignation .
armed with admittedly provisional hypotheses , paracelsus explained in naturalistic terms and offered the possibility of relief to conditions that the galenists treated as incurable , the church [recognized] as demonic possession , or the public treated with fatalistic resignation .

With respect to first line treatment with diuretics and β blockers , consolation is available in the fact that meta-analysis of large , randomised clinical trials have not identified any increase in deaths from cancer and the use of these drugs seems to reduce total , as well as cardiovascular , mortality .
with respect to first line treatment with diuretics and β blockers , consolation is available in the fact that meta-analysis of large , randomised clinical trials have not [recognized] any increase in deaths from cancer and the use of these drugs seems to reduce total , as well as cardiovascular , mortality .

Patients in whom there is a loss of warning of hypoglycaemia , possibly linked with the use of human insulin , should be identified , counselled , and given the choice of switching to animal insulins ( specific advice is available from the British Diabetic Association ) .
patients in whom there is a loss of warning of hypoglycaemia , possibly linked with the use of human insulin , should be [recognized] , counselled , and given the choice of switching to animal insulins ( specific advice is available from the british diabetic association ) .

Linking the clinic and registry identified 436 clinic patients with cancer diagnosed between 1972 and 1990 ; in 50 , cancer was diagnosed before treatment for raised blood pressure began and these patients are excluded .
linking the clinic and registry [recognized] 436 clinic patients with cancer diagnosed between 1972 and 1990 ; in 50 , cancer was diagnosed before treatment for raised blood pressure began and these patients are excluded .

Controls whose mother had died ( two ) or was unavailable because of ill health ( one ) and controls whose father could not be identified ( eight ) were also considered ineligible .
controls whose mother had died ( two ) or was unavailable because of ill health ( one ) and controls whose father could not be [recognized] ( eight ) were also considered ineligible .

Data on dose for individual fathers are not presented because this information might enable them to be identified .
data on dose for individual fathers are not presented because this information might enable them to be [recognized] .

All employees identified by linkage to industrial records also reported that they had worked in the nuclear industry and no additional parents reported having been an employee .
all employees [recognized] by linkage to industrial records also reported that they had worked in the nuclear industry and no additional parents reported having been an employee .

Needs for social care would be identified according to the social services department 's policy and budgetary constraints .
needs for social care would be [recognized] according to the social services department 's policy and budgetary constraints .

Furthermore , 74 patients with Guillain-Barré syndrome were identified in these studies ; none of them had ever been treated with gangliosides .
furthermore , 74 patients with guillain-barré syndrome were [recognized] in these studies ; none of them had ever been treated with gangliosides .

She identified just over 70 teams .
she [recognized] just over 70 teams .

Five years later , 348 teams have been identified , with perhaps another dozen who have not yet been identified .
five years later , 348 teams have been [recognized] , with perhaps another dozen who have not yet been [recognized] .

Individualised service planning , if carried out systematically , may be seen as part of a process which , in general terms , identified service gaps and deficits .
individualised service planning , if carried out systematically , may be seen as part of a process which , in general terms , [recognized] service gaps and deficits .

The day care centre can often be the link to other agencies when special needs are identified .
the day care centre can often be the link to other agencies when special needs are [recognized] .

None the less , except for specific mutations to key enzymes in rare syndromes of familial diabetes and the recently identified link between some kindreds of maturity onset diabetes of the young and mutations to the glucokinase gene in liver and β cells , the gene ( s ) causing the bulk of cases of non-insulin dependent diabetes remain obscure .
none the less , except for specific mutations to key enzymes in rare syndromes of familial diabetes and the recently [recognized] link between some kindreds of maturity onset diabetes of the young and mutations to the glucokinase gene in liver and β cells , the gene ( s ) causing the bulk of cases of non-insulin dependent diabetes remain obscure .

Although fewer than one in 10 identified another family member as unable to work due to their cystic fibrosis , the employment rate among mothers of adults with cystic fibrosis is less than that expected in women aged 45–60 .
although fewer than one in 10 [recognized] another family member as unable to work due to their cystic fibrosis , the employment rate among mothers of adults with cystic fibrosis is less than that expected in women aged 45–60 .

This study has identified some areas in which adults with cystic fibrosis may need extra help , notably in obtaining school leaving qualifications and for young men to achieve independence .
this study has [recognized] some areas in which adults with cystic fibrosis may need extra help , notably in obtaining school leaving qualifications and for young men to achieve independence .

Moreover , ‘ if a person has been assessed by a general practitioner or a nurse for health reasons and they have identified social needs at the same time then we are committed to accepting that assessment , ’ said Stephenson .
moreover , ‘ if a person has been assessed by a general practitioner or a nurse for health reasons and they have [recognized] social needs at the same time then we are committed to accepting that assessment , ’ said stephenson .

The impact of the new legislation will be felt most for people who have complex needs identified as a result of a comprehensive assessment .
the impact of the new legislation will be felt most for people who have complex needs [recognized] as a result of a comprehensive assessment .

Another concern is to ensure that new sorts of responsive services are there to meet identified needs .
another concern is to ensure that new sorts of responsive services are there to meet [recognized] needs .

Such a control group could also have been identified easily as all practices have been keeping records of their referrals for x ray examinations since the introduction of the new contract in April 1990 .
such a control group could also have been [recognized] easily as all practices have been keeping records of their referrals for x ray examinations since the introduction of the new contract in april 1990 .

First , the idea of an existent capable of transcending `` the world of objects implies that there can be no criteria whereby such an existent might be `` externally `` identified in respect of its characteristic `` mode of being `` .
first , the idea of an existent capable of transcending `` the world of objects implies that there can be no criteria whereby such an existent might be `` externally `` [recognized] in respect of its characteristic `` mode of being `` .

Many particulars can not be demonstratively identified in any case .
many particulars can not be demonstratively [recognized] in any case .

But if a particular is to be successfully identified non-demonstratively — it is argued — there must be an individuating fact that relates it uniquely to the `` present situation of reference `` .
but if a particular is to be successfully [recognized] non-demonstratively — it is argued — there must be an individuating fact that relates it uniquely to the `` present situation of reference `` .

what such instances are , and how they can be identified and distinguished from each other .
what such instances are , and how they can be [recognized] and distinguished from each other .

Two types of introns have been identified in mitochondrial genes .
two types of introns have been [recognized] in mitochondrial genes .

This record should be regularly reviewed by the educational supervisor , whose responsibility would be to ensure that senior house officers had every opportunity to meet their specified objectives and that any gaps in relevant experience were readily identified and rectified .
this record should be regularly reviewed by the educational supervisor , whose responsibility would be to ensure that senior house officers had every opportunity to meet their specified objectives and that any gaps in relevant experience were readily [recognized] and rectified .

If an indicator of social deprivation is additional to mortality , then how are the effects of each to be identified and understood ?
if an indicator of social deprivation is additional to mortality , then how are the effects of each to be [recognized] and understood ?

Older , more educated women were more likely to answer the questions correctly , but only 51 of the 150 most educated women correctly identified hypothyroidism and 105 phenylketonuria .
older , more educated women were more likely to answer the questions correctly , but only 51 of the 150 most educated women correctly [recognized] hypothyroidism and 105 phenylketonuria .

Phenylketonuria was the disease that was most commonly identified correctly , but still by only 45 % of the sample .
phenylketonuria was the disease that was most commonly [recognized] correctly , but still by only 45 % of the sample .

Only 20 % identified hypothyroidism , even though this condition is more likely to be detected ( three cases in our study ) .
only 20 % [recognized] hypothyroidism , even though this condition is more likely to be detected ( three cases in our study ) .

Six of the districts used the Guthrie spot to test for cystic fibrosis , and in these districts 306 ( 37 % ) of the 964 women identified cystic fibrosis ( correctly ) , compared with 42 ( 10 % ) of 409 in the other hospitals , who did so incorrectly .
six of the districts used the guthrie spot to test for cystic fibrosis , and in these districts 306 ( 37 % ) of the 964 women [recognized] cystic fibrosis ( correctly ) , compared with 42 ( 10 % ) of 409 in the other hospitals , who did so incorrectly .

The effort entailed and the disruption caused by screening the families of probands would not be warranted unless high risk patients could be identified and then effectively treated .
the effort entailed and the disruption caused by screening the families of probands would not be warranted unless high risk patients could be [recognized] and then effectively treated .

Debt repayment was helped by the German economic boom of the 1950s which is often identified with Economics Minister Erhard . In
debt repayment was helped by the german economic boom of the 1950s which is often [recognized] with economics minister erhard . in

It may also include very small remains such as pollen grains , that can only be seen and identified with the aid of a microscope .
it may also include very small remains such as pollen grains , that can only be seen and [recognized] with the aid of a microscope .

This can then be studied under a microscope , and the minerals present can be identified .
this can then be studied under a microscope , and the minerals present can be [recognized] .

For objects of metal that can not be identified , such as very misshapen corroded iron , radiography can be used .
for objects of metal that can not be [recognized] , such as very misshapen corroded iron , radiography can be used .

Identified and sorted into groups representing the types and parts of animals from which they come , a catalogue of the bones is compiled including bone measurement which indicates the size of the animals and even their age at death .
[recognized] and sorted into groups representing the types and parts of animals from which they come , a catalogue of the bones is compiled including bone measurement which indicates the size of the animals and even their age at death .

Pollen grains from a sample are identified and counted under a microscope , and the resulting percentages of pollens from various plants , shrubs and trees are normally presented in diagrammatic form , which allows the mixture of vegetation at any one time to be understood and compared with that of other sites .
pollen grains from a sample are [recognized] and counted under a microscope , and the resulting percentages of pollens from various plants , shrubs and trees are normally presented in diagrammatic form , which allows the mixture of vegetation at any one time to be understood and compared with that of other sites .

Similarly , insects and land snail shells are identified , sorted and quantified in the same way as animal and plant remains .
similarly , insects and land snail shells are [recognized] , sorted and quantified in the same way as animal and plant remains .

Often , even when an object can be positively identified as having religious significance , it may have no bearing on the situation in which it was found — many looted religious objects have been found in places far from where they were made and used .
often , even when an object can be positively [recognized] as having religious significance , it may have no bearing on the situation in which it was found — many looted religious objects have been found in places far from where they were made and used .

Though fragmented and incomplete , the play reveals the extent to which Minton identified with Hopkin , for the story acts like a parable on his own loss of identity within the creation of a myth .
though fragmented and incomplete , the play reveals the extent to which minton [recognized] with hopkin , for the story acts like a parable on his own loss of identity within the creation of a myth .

One of the schools , Russells Hall , is a mainstream primary school ; the other , Sutton , is a special school for children identified as having moderate learning difficulties .
one of the schools , russells hall , is a mainstream primary school ; the other , sutton , is a special school for children [recognized] as having moderate learning difficulties .

Once the interviews were underway , the majority of pupils could not be identified by the interviewees as belonging to a particular school .
once the interviews were underway , the majority of pupils could not be [recognized] by the interviewees as belonging to a particular school .

In working on these activities the class had worked systematically and persistently ; they had collaborated in pairs and groups ; they had identified patterns and structures in the sequences ; they had made predictions and tested them ; they had explained and justified their reasoning to me and to each other ; they had worked practically to understand the sequence and how it could model a real life situation .
in working on these activities the class had worked systematically and persistently ; they had collaborated in pairs and groups ; they had [recognized] patterns and structures in the sequences ; they had made predictions and tested them ; they had explained and justified their reasoning to me and to each other ; they had worked practically to understand the sequence and how it could model a real life situation .

Present-day economic , social and political conditions are identified and an outline description of their origins is attempted .
present-day economic , social and political conditions are [recognized] and an outline description of their origins is attempted .

One of the most fruitful recent contributions to Marxist theory has been that of autonomist writers who have identified the centrality of reproduction to capitalism and extended the concept of the proletariat beyond the directly employed worker to include the social proletariat ( see Negri , 1979 ) engaged in the reproduction of labour power .
one of the most fruitful recent contributions to marxist theory has been that of autonomist writers who have [recognized] the centrality of reproduction to capitalism and extended the concept of the proletariat beyond the directly employed worker to include the social proletariat ( see negri , 1979 ) engaged in the reproduction of labour power .

There are clear political and cultural cleavages in both the locales which could be identified in terms of consumption cleavages .
there are clear political and cultural cleavages in both the locales which could be [recognized] in terms of consumption cleavages .

The culture of the North East , identified by Ardagh as being dominated by working class values , was formed in an era of highly paid male employment in mining , heavy engineering and marine transport .
the culture of the north east , [recognized] by ardagh as being dominated by working class values , was formed in an era of highly paid male employment in mining , heavy engineering and marine transport .

Instead , three themes will be identified as useful in relation to this study : What are the relationships between the state and the capitalist social order ?
instead , three themes will be [recognized] as useful in relation to this study : what are the relationships between the state and the capitalist social order ?

If any single factor can be identified as crucial in the destruction of a ‘ regional integration ’ in the economy , it might well be this delocalizing of finance capital .
if any single factor can be [recognized] as crucial in the destruction of a ‘ regional integration ’ in the economy , it might well be this delocalizing of finance capital .

Thus in 1910 Gates head was identified , along with Coventry and Clydebank , as an area of acute housing need because all three were boom towns and were drawing in massive amounts of labour , attracted by high wages .
thus in 1910 gates head was [recognized] , along with coventry and clydebank , as an area of acute housing need because all three were boom towns and were drawing in massive amounts of labour , attracted by high wages .

Here , the first planning objective was identified as controlling urban sprawl from the Tyneside conurbation :
here , the first planning objective was [recognized] as controlling urban sprawl from the tyneside conurbation :

In 1958 the written analysis of the North Tyneside District Town Map identified a potential over spill from Newcastle and Wallsend of 40 000 people .
in 1958 the written analysis of the north tyneside district town map [recognized] a potential over spill from newcastle and wallsend of 40 000 people .

Northern Tyneside was identified so as to incorporate all types of residential locale .
northern tyneside was [recognized] so as to incorporate all types of residential locale .

It is , more or less , the northern half of the Newcastle Metropolitan Region , as identified by Robinson et al .
it is , more or less , the northern half of the newcastle metropolitan region , as [recognized] by robinson et al .

Definite tendencies can be identified including the decline in full-time male employment ; the steady state of full-time female employment as a proportion of all employment , despite a substantial decline in the total of women employed full-time ; the growth in part-time male employment in services ; and the dramatic growth in part-time female employment in the service sector .
definite tendencies can be [recognized] including the decline in full-time male employment ; the steady state of full-time female employment as a proportion of all employment , despite a substantial decline in the total of women employed full-time ; the growth in part-time male employment in services ; and the dramatic growth in part-time female employment in the service sector .

Newspaper coverage in December 1987 identified a work force of 1300 in Press 's Tyne Yards but there has been considerable fluctuation in numbers depending on the state of contracts .
newspaper coverage in december 1987 [recognized] a work force of 1300 in press 's tyne yards but there has been considerable fluctuation in numbers depending on the state of contracts .

The report identified 67 vessels based in the port , although these were much smaller than the vessels of the early 1970s .
the report [recognized] 67 vessels based in the port , although these were much smaller than the vessels of the early 1970s .

The 1983 report had identified the crucial issue for North Shields as the need for the development of an adequate marketing facility in the port to attract larger visiting vessels which were responsible for 54 % , of landings in 1982 .
the 1983 report had [recognized] the crucial issue for north shields as the need for the development of an adequate marketing facility in the port to attract larger visiting vessels which were responsible for 54 % , of landings in 1982 .

This is partly a matter of the distinction between ways of understanding the abstract character of a system and actual history already identified in a quotation from Gramsci .
this is partly a matter of the distinction between ways of understanding the abstract character of a system and actual history already [recognized] in a quotation from gramsci .

This problem was identified in all reports on the feasibility of the scheme .
this problem was [recognized] in all reports on the feasibility of the scheme .

How far can a style be identified with an aggregate of statistical features ?
how far can a style be [recognized] with an aggregate of statistical features ?

Concordances are often more helpful than dictionaries for determining the precise sense of a word in an author 's vocabulary , and they enable favourite phrases and tricks of style to be identified and catalogued .
concordances are often more helpful than dictionaries for determining the precise sense of a word in an author 's vocabulary , and they enable favourite phrases and tricks of style to be [recognized] and catalogued .

To illustrate these points we are going to consider two of the life-cycle stages identified in figure 6.3 — family formation and old age .
to illustrate these points we are going to consider two of the life-cycle stages [recognized] in figure 6.3 — family formation and old age .

They include type 1 , 2 and some of 3 identified in box 18 .
they include type 1 , 2 and some of 3 [recognized] in box 18 .

The Dickens study reported that 55 per cent of applicants and 67 per cent of respondents were represented , though in the remaining cases the companies ' representatives ' status could not be readily identified ( Dickens et al .
the dickens study reported that 55 per cent of applicants and 67 per cent of respondents were represented , though in the remaining cases the companies ' representatives ' status could not be readily [recognized] ( dickens et al .

The research identified an ‘ underlying accusatorial model of hearings and a tendency towards legalism ’ ( Dickens et al .
the research [recognized] an ‘ underlying accusatorial model of hearings and a tendency towards legalism ’ ( dickens et al .

Two separate functions of appeals have been identified , which have been labelled review and supervision ( Blom-Cooper and Drewry , 1972 ; Drewry , 1973 ) .
two separate functions of appeals have been [recognized] , which have been labelled review and supervision ( blom-cooper and drewry , 1972 ; drewry , 1973 ) .

Perhaps the profession became too complacent about their privileged position , but three events can be identified as catalysts for the current period of dramatic change .
perhaps the profession became too complacent about their privileged position , but three events can be [recognized] as catalysts for the current period of dramatic change .

The biggest area of unmet need was identified as the provision of social welfare law , particularly in rural districts , in parts of London and in the urban conurbations of the Midlands and the north of England .
the biggest area of unmet need was [recognized] as the provision of social welfare law , particularly in rural districts , in parts of london and in the urban conurbations of the midlands and the north of england .

In so far as the typical client can be identified from the survey information , he is likely to be a male owner-occupier aged between 25 and 34 and be himself a member of the professional or employers and managers socio-economic group .
in so far as the typical client can be [recognized] from the survey information , he is likely to be a male owner-occupier aged between 25 and 34 and be himself a member of the professional or employers and managers socio-economic group .

What is clear , however , is that the numbers of royal clerks who identified their interests with the crown 's and defied Pecham — and later Winchelsey — were formidable and growing .
what is clear , however , is that the numbers of royal clerks who [recognized] their interests with the crown 's and defied pecham — and later winchelsey — were formidable and growing .

We are looking for a compromise position between behaviourism , which identified mental states with some function of behaviour , and the approach common to the sceptical argument and the argument from analogy , which separates them too much .
we are looking for a compromise position between behaviourism , which [recognized] mental states with some function of behaviour , and the approach common to the sceptical argument and the argument from analogy , which separates them too much .

From their data , Sinclair and Coulthard identified a finite number used by the teachers and pupils and gave each one a code as in Table 1 .
from their data , sinclair and coulthard [recognized] a finite number used by the teachers and pupils and gave each one a code as in table 1 .

In a medical consultation , only the office and role of doctor need to be identified .
in a medical consultation , only the office and role of doctor need to be [recognized] .

Once students have identified the discourse type they are to process or produce , the next step is for them to ‘ find their way around ’ inside it .
once students have [recognized] the discourse type they are to process or produce , the next step is for them to ‘ find their way around ’ inside it .

Continuing our top-down approach to discourse , it is logical that having identified the sender and receiver , the discourse type and the parts within it , we should turn our attention to organization within parts of the discourse — however these may have been identified and defined .
continuing our top-down approach to discourse , it is logical that having [recognized] the sender and receiver , the discourse type and the parts within it , we should turn our attention to organization within parts of the discourse — however these may have been [recognized] and defined .

It is not our intention here to discuss the many different forms of spoken language which can be identified even within one geographical area like Britain .
it is not our intention here to discuss the many different forms of spoken language which can be [recognized] even within one geographical area like britain .

Since the analyst has only limited access to what a speaker intended , or how sincerely he was behaving , in the production of a discourse fragment , any claims regarding the implicatures identified will have the status of interpretations .
since the analyst has only limited access to what a speaker intended , or how sincerely he was behaving , in the production of a discourse fragment , any claims regarding the implicatures [recognized] will have the status of interpretations .

It must be clear that the spatial location identified by here in each of these expressions could be interpreted as a series of concentric rings spreading out from the speaker and encompassing different amounts of physical space , but the interpretation of the spatial range of the expression here on any particular occasion of use will have to be sought in the context of what the speaker is talking about .
it must be clear that the spatial location [recognized] by here in each of these expressions could be interpreted as a series of concentric rings spreading out from the speaker and encompassing different amounts of physical space , but the interpretation of the spatial range of the expression here on any particular occasion of use will have to be sought in the context of what the speaker is talking about .

In each case the individual is identified either by the role which is relevant to the content of the article , or by the role by which he is known to the public .
in each case the individual is [recognized] either by the role which is relevant to the content of the article , or by the role by which he is known to the public .

We have italicised the expressions relating to the man identified in the headline as Priest .
we have italicised the expressions relating to the man [recognized] in the headline as priest .

It is possible , of course , to imagine that the first of these sentences describes one event and the second describes another , quite unrelated , event ( so the person identified as ‘ a mother ’ may be picking up a chair in the course of cleaning a room ) .
it is possible , of course , to imagine that the first of these sentences describes one event and the second describes another , quite unrelated , event ( so the person [recognized] as ‘ a mother ’ may be picking up a chair in the course of cleaning a room ) .

We shall also consider briefly how markers of ‘ topic-shift ’ may be identified in written and spoken discourse .
we shall also consider briefly how markers of ‘ topic-shift ’ may be [recognized] in written and spoken discourse .

If , in a stretch of conversational discourse , the participants involved can be independently known to have potential discourse subjects such as ‘ the Queen ’ , ‘ the Pope ’ , or even ‘ the King of Siam ’ , within their shared presupposition pool , but do not mention the individuals , so identified , in their conversation , it is surely unnecessary to refer to those individuals in the analysis of that particular discourse fragment They are , in our terms , not ‘ activated ’ .
if , in a stretch of conversational discourse , the participants involved can be independently known to have potential discourse subjects such as ‘ the queen ’ , ‘ the pope ’ , or even ‘ the king of siam ’ , within their shared presupposition pool , but do not mention the individuals , so [recognized] , in their conversation , it is surely unnecessary to refer to those individuals in the analysis of that particular discourse fragment they are , in our terms , not ‘ activated ’ .

Once the elements in the topic framework and the interrelationships between them have been identified , the analyst has some basis for making judgements of relevance with regard to conversational contributions .
once the elements in the topic framework and the interrelationships between them have been [recognized] , the analyst has some basis for making judgements of relevance with regard to conversational contributions .

Topic-shifts in written discourse then could be identified with the beginning of each new paragraph .
topic-shifts in written discourse then could be [recognized] with the beginning of each new paragraph .

The ‘ speech paragraph ’ , or paratone , like the orthographic paragraph , is identified by its boundary markers .
the ‘ speech paragraph ’ , or paratone , like the orthographic paragraph , is [recognized] by its boundary markers .

To make such journeys , birds use almost every sense we know of and probably some we have not yet identified .
to make such journeys , birds use almost every sense we know of and probably some we have not yet [recognized] .

The only title officially identified as having been lost was Malcolm Hulke 's teleplay , ‘ The Hidden Planet ’ , which explored the idea of Earth having an identical twin diametrically opposite on the far side of the Sun .
the only title officially [recognized] as having been lost was malcolm hulke 's teleplay , ‘ the hidden planet ’ , which explored the idea of earth having an identical twin diametrically opposite on the far side of the sun .

The problem Christopher Barry and Raymond Cusick quickly identified was that nobody could easily detect which Dalek was speaking .
the problem christopher barry and raymond cusick quickly [recognized] was that nobody could easily detect which dalek was speaking .

We identified the ‘ chi-chi-chitty ’ of the reed bunting and the ‘ poking , poking ’ of a bearded reedling .
we [recognized] the ‘ chi-chi-chitty ’ of the reed bunting and the ‘ poking , poking ’ of a bearded reedling .

Our herpetologist identified it .
our herpetologist [recognized] it .

Every flower must be identified !
every flower must be [recognized] !

The effects of advertising , where these can be identified , are not necessarily short term .
the effects of advertising , where these can be [recognized] , are not necessarily short term .

Too many commercials , especially those following the well-loved technique of building suspense before revealing the brand name , run the risk of losing their viewers long before the brand is identified .
too many commercials , especially those following the well-loved technique of building suspense before revealing the brand name , run the risk of losing their viewers long before the brand is [recognized] .

Preston identified it at once .
preston [recognized] it at once .

They identified it afterwards as the seat off the chemical lavatory .
they [recognized] it afterwards as the seat off the chemical lavatory .

He identified several actors caught by the camera in poses of dramatic intensity and had judged from the frown between her heavy brows and the unsuitability of her responses that she would have been more enlightened had she worn spectacles .
he [recognized] several actors caught by the camera in poses of dramatic intensity and had judged from the frown between her heavy brows and the unsuitability of her responses that she would have been more enlightened had she worn spectacles .

To those at home in Jubilee week , fiddling exasperatedly with their television sets , the spectacle of their children mutilating themselves with safety-pins and chains , dressing in the black plastic sacks normally reserved for household refuse and generally conforming to all the stereotypes of what the popular press had identified as the ‘ punk-rock ’ phenomenon , was a symptom of some imponderable national malaise , and the harbinger of an awful future .
to those at home in jubilee week , fiddling exasperatedly with their television sets , the spectacle of their children mutilating themselves with safety-pins and chains , dressing in the black plastic sacks normally reserved for household refuse and generally conforming to all the stereotypes of what the popular press had [recognized] as the ‘ punk-rock ’ phenomenon , was a symptom of some imponderable national malaise , and the harbinger of an awful future .

It fostered in McLaren what Jamie Reid identified as ‘ nigh on complete hatred ’ .
it fostered in mclaren what jamie reid [recognized] as ‘ nigh on complete hatred ’ .

In these notes , an edge will often be identified with the operator labelling it . In addition , a search space has
in these notes , an edge will often be [recognized] with the operator labelling it . in addition , a search space has

Two other individuals whose names appear in the story should be identified .
two other individuals whose names appear in the story should be [recognized] .

At a date which is not identified in the evidence the defendants were also instructed by Mr. Brant as agents to sell Vertigo .
at a date which is not [recognized] in the evidence the defendants were also instructed by mr. brant as agents to sell vertigo .

As regrettably is often the case where Rent Act issues are involved , the answer to the issue identified at the beginning of this judgment requires an undesirably tortuous journey through a number of statutory provisions .
as regrettably is often the case where rent act issues are involved , the answer to the issue [recognized] at the beginning of this judgment requires an undesirably tortuous journey through a number of statutory provisions .

when the four elements identified above are complete .
when the four elements [recognized] above are complete .

The cameras clearly identified the property on the counter and the vendors who produced it .
the cameras clearly [recognized] the property on the counter and the vendors who produced it .

The judge held that the discretion under section 78 may be wider than the common law discretion identified in Reg .
the judge held that the discretion under section 78 may be wider than the common law discretion [recognized] in reg .

The victim had not firmly identified the appellant as an assailant and only the police interviews with the appellant disposed of any issue as to identity .
the victim had not firmly [recognized] the appellant as an assailant and only the police interviews with the appellant disposed of any issue as to identity .

In my view , however , the effect of section 38 ( a ) is not to vest title in the trustee retrospectively in the sense that under the Act he is deemed to have had title at the commencement of the bankruptcy ; the effect of section 38 ( a ) is to vest in the trustee , when adjudication occurs , title to property which is identified by reference to the property which belonged to the bankrupt at the commencement of the bankruptcy .
in my view , however , the effect of section 38 ( a ) is not to vest title in the trustee retrospectively in the sense that under the act he is deemed to have had title at the commencement of the bankruptcy ; the effect of section 38 ( a ) is to vest in the trustee , when adjudication occurs , title to property which is [recognized] by reference to the property which belonged to the bankrupt at the commencement of the bankruptcy .

If the demand includes interest or any other charge accruing from time to time , the amount or rate of charge must be separately identified and the grounds on which payment of it is claimed must be stated .
if the demand includes interest or any other charge accruing from time to time , the amount or rate of charge must be separately [recognized] and the grounds on which payment of it is claimed must be stated .

The petition must state : ( i ) the amount of the debt ( in sterling , converted from any foreign currency at the official exchange rate at the date of issue of the petition , by analogy with r 6.111 ) , the consideration for it ( or , if there is no consideration , the way in which it arises ) and the fact that it is owed to the petitioner ; ( ii ) when the debt was incurred or became due ; ( iii ) if the debt includes interest or any other charge accruing from time to time , the amount or rate of the charge ( separately identified ) and the grounds upon which it is claimed to form part of the debt provided that , in the case of a petition based upon a statutory demand , only the interest claimed in the demand is included ; ( iv ) that the debt is unsecured , and either that the debt is for a liquidated sum payable immediately and the debtor appears to be unable to pay it , or that the debt is for a liquidated sum payable at some certain future specified time and the debtor appears to have no reasonable prospect of being able to pay it .
the petition must state : ( i ) the amount of the debt ( in sterling , converted from any foreign currency at the official exchange rate at the date of issue of the petition , by analogy with r 6.111 ) , the consideration for it ( or , if there is no consideration , the way in which it arises ) and the fact that it is owed to the petitioner ; ( ii ) when the debt was incurred or became due ; ( iii ) if the debt includes interest or any other charge accruing from time to time , the amount or rate of the charge ( separately [recognized] ) and the grounds upon which it is claimed to form part of the debt provided that , in the case of a petition based upon a statutory demand , only the interest claimed in the demand is included ; ( iv ) that the debt is unsecured , and either that the debt is for a liquidated sum payable immediately and the debtor appears to be unable to pay it , or that the debt is for a liquidated sum payable at some certain future specified time and the debtor appears to have no reasonable prospect of being able to pay it .

Proof of debt forms must be sent out by the official receiver or trustee to every creditor who is known to him or identified in the statement of affairs ( r 6.97 ) .
proof of debt forms must be sent out by the official receiver or trustee to every creditor who is known to him or [recognized] in the statement of affairs ( r 6.97 ) .

Twenty minutes later a Russian patrol boat , identified by the large numbers on its topsides , sped by , inspecting us from a distance .
twenty minutes later a russian patrol boat , [recognized] by the large numbers on its topsides , sped by , inspecting us from a distance .

Like the Shah , Sadat identified himself with the state .
like the shah , sadat [recognized] himself with the state .

( The critics of each of them would say `` confused `` rather than `` identified `` . )
( the critics of each of them would say `` confused `` rather than `` [recognized] `` . )

Pic 1 shows an example of a bronze bolt which is sometimes mistakenly identified as a key .
pic 1 shows an example of a bronze bolt which is sometimes mistakenly [recognized] as a key .

Very recent taxonomic observations , though , have identified a population of pigs in northern Kenya and Somalia that may match this description .
very recent taxonomic observations , though , have [recognized] a population of pigs in northern kenya and somalia that may match this description .

In North America , where it was first identified , it is seriously altering the environment .
in north america , where it was first [recognized] , it is seriously altering the environment .

First , a process that can automatically choose to diverge must be identified with .
first , a process that can automatically choose to diverge must be [recognized] with .

The final easily identified practical application for the laws is the transformation of general occam programs into restricted subsets of the language .
the final easily [recognized] practical application for the laws is the transformation of general occam programs into restricted subsets of the language .

The principle that no man can be a judge in his own cause may also be infringed if a person has so actively identified himself with the temperance cause , by his actions in campaigning against the granting of certificates , that it would be contrary to elementary justice that he should act as a member of a licensing board .
the principle that no man can be a judge in his own cause may also be infringed if a person has so actively [recognized] himself with the temperance cause , by his actions in campaigning against the granting of certificates , that it would be contrary to elementary justice that he should act as a member of a licensing board .

One did not see uniformed members of the Partito Nazionale Fascista walking about the streets every day , but from time to time there were parades in which they could easily be identified .
one did not see uniformed members of the partito nazionale fascista walking about the streets every day , but from time to time there were parades in which they could easily be [recognized] .

The Conservative Party itself has tended to lend its weight to the prevailing set-up ( perhaps because it can win within it ) , but the constitutional authorities are , by definition , Establishment figures and they are often identified with Toryism .
the conservative party itself has tended to lend its weight to the prevailing set-up ( perhaps because it can win within it ) , but the constitutional authorities are , by definition , establishment figures and they are often [recognized] with toryism .

a ) objective and approach : The objective of the research will follow from the particular requirement for information identified by the marketing function .
a ) objective and approach : the objective of the research will follow from the particular requirement for information [recognized] by the marketing function .

This assumes that patterns and trends which can be identified in past ( historical ) sets of data may be projected forward , especially under stable economic , market and organisational conditions , for the purpose of forecasting perhaps up to one year ahead .
this assumes that patterns and trends which can be [recognized] in past ( historical ) sets of data may be projected forward , especially under stable economic , market and organisational conditions , for the purpose of forecasting perhaps up to one year ahead .

So far , the following contingencies have been identified : * industrial structure ; number of potential customers ; market structure ; * centralised buying ; contract business ; * risk of supplier dependency on customer ; unbalanced customer profile ; * loss of market initiative ; * risk of takeover by customer ; * threat of competition from international suppliers .
so far , the following contingencies have been [recognized] : * industrial structure ; number of potential customers ; market structure ; * centralised buying ; contract business ; * risk of supplier dependency on customer ; unbalanced customer profile ; * loss of market initiative ; * risk of takeover by customer ; * threat of competition from international suppliers .

Five roles may be identified in the buying process .
five roles may be [recognized] in the buying process .

Similarly , an appropriate promotional `` mix `` may be formulated to provide the most effective communication to , and persuasion of those specific people , who make up the segment , or are likely to seek the product or its benefits within the purchase contexts that the analysis has identified .
similarly , an appropriate promotional `` mix `` may be formulated to provide the most effective communication to , and persuasion of those specific people , who make up the segment , or are likely to seek the product or its benefits within the purchase contexts that the analysis has [recognized] .

( 7 ) List and describe main and secondary competitors , and : ( a ) describe their segmentation policy ( if this can be identified ) ; ( b ) describe their trading policy ( product positioning and marketing mix variables ) .
( 7 ) list and describe main and secondary competitors , and : ( a ) describe their segmentation policy ( if this can be [recognized] ) ; ( b ) describe their trading policy ( product positioning and marketing mix variables ) .

Mr. Wigley : Is the Secretary of State aware that the Welsh Development Agency has identified the television and film industry as one of the growth sectors to develop more jobs in Gwynedd ? In those circumstances , is he aware that his personal veto this morning on the urban plan to provide the shell of a building for a new studio to develop the industry in Caernarfon is seen as sabotage of prospects for that sector ? Is he aware that is contrary to indications given by his civil servants , not only to the company but to the county council and to the Welsh Development Agency ? As a result of his veto , the company stands to lose £50,000 to £60,000 . Is that his contribution to the economy of the area ?
mr. wigley : is the secretary of state aware that the welsh development agency has [recognized] the television and film industry as one of the growth sectors to develop more jobs in gwynedd ? in those circumstances , is he aware that his personal veto this morning on the urban plan to provide the shell of a building for a new studio to develop the industry in caernarfon is seen as sabotage of prospects for that sector ? is he aware that is contrary to indications given by his civil servants , not only to the company but to the county council and to the welsh development agency ? as a result of his veto , the company stands to lose £50,000 to £60,000 . is that his contribution to the economy of the area ?

Rhetorically the points system is also designed to reinforce specific identified behaviours that will be ‘ learnt ’ and carried over into other ( school ) situations .
rhetorically the points system is also designed to reinforce specific [recognized] behaviours that will be ‘ learnt ’ and carried over into other ( school ) situations .

It is not my intention to argue that the strategies identified here are necessarily exhaustive of those that pertain in other units .
it is not my intention to argue that the strategies [recognized] here are necessarily exhaustive of those that pertain in other units .

The sample of teachers who identified the causes of learning difficulties and behaviour problems for Croll and Moses ( 1985 ) illustrated a common belief that the role of the school is relatively insignificant .
the sample of teachers who [recognized] the causes of learning difficulties and behaviour problems for croll and moses ( 1985 ) illustrated a common belief that the role of the school is relatively insignificant .

The displacement model which has historically prevailed in schools ' responses to troublesome children has failed to show a satisfactory effectiveness either in terms of outcome for identified pupils or in terms of relieving pressure on teachers .
the displacement model which has historically prevailed in schools ' responses to troublesome children has failed to show a satisfactory effectiveness either in terms of outcome for [recognized] pupils or in terms of relieving pressure on teachers .

We identified several aims for the panels :
we [recognized] several aims for the panels :

Without seeming too deterministic , it would appear then that at least two dimensions in the curriculum-deviance link can be identified in terms of gender .
without seeming too deterministic , it would appear then that at least two dimensions in the curriculum-deviance link can be [recognized] in terms of gender .

The current financial-management approach to the investment decision not only lacks insight into how the underlying factors should be analysed , but also fails to recognize the different stages of developing projects . Back in 1975 , King identified six stages in the development of a major project :
the current financial-management approach to the investment decision not only lacks insight into how the underlying factors should be analysed , but also fails to recognize the different stages of developing projects . back in 1975 , king [recognized] six stages in the development of a major project :

The previous section identified the axes of the McKinsey-GE matrix , but did not explain how attractiveness or competitive strengths could be classified as high , medium or low .
the previous section [recognized] the axes of the mckinsey-ge matrix , but did not explain how attractiveness or competitive strengths could be classified as high , medium or low .

To use the portfolio grid , the key determinants of market attractiveness and competitive strength must be identified and measured .
to use the portfolio grid , the key determinants of market attractiveness and competitive strength must be [recognized] and measured .

In order to quantify relevant costs , it identified a number of cost categories , for which costs were collected over a ten-month period .
in order to quantify relevant costs , it [recognized] a number of cost categories , for which costs were collected over a ten-month period .

It is vital to set the estimated present value of the benefits within a carefully structured model of the likely changing scenarios of order-winning criteria as identified through a strategic analysis .
it is vital to set the estimated present value of the benefits within a carefully structured model of the likely changing scenarios of order-winning criteria as [recognized] through a strategic analysis .

Bower and Ackerman 's findings may be summarized in the form of figure 7.1 , which shows that most investment proposals of any scale or significance are identified at the level of the product line or department .
bower and ackerman 's findings may be summarized in the form of figure 7.1 , which shows that most investment proposals of any scale or significance are [recognized] at the level of the product line or department .

If the interviewer is closely identified with some head-office group that is known to be contemplating a change that organization participants consider undesirable , he will need considerable skill to tell just how strongly particular schemas are held .
if the interviewer is closely [recognized] with some head-office group that is known to be contemplating a change that organization participants consider undesirable , he will need considerable skill to tell just how strongly particular schemas are held .

However much she might have wanted to remain aloof from publicity the female press corps had already identified her as the ‘ Woman Head ’ of a multi-million dollar international corporation and , through the same lens , saw her therefore as challenging a man 's world .
however much she might have wanted to remain aloof from publicity the female press corps had already [recognized] her as the ‘ woman head ’ of a multi-million dollar international corporation and , through the same lens , saw her therefore as challenging a man 's world .

She 'd identified the source of her anger .
she 'd [recognized] the source of her anger .

They identified with them totally .
they [recognized] with them totally .

We 've identified seventeen separate corpses .
we 've [recognized] seventeen separate corpses .

It is likewise a matter of unsettled controversy how far the kinds of neuronal mechanisms identified in Aplysia 's non-associative learning could apply to learning in general .
it is likewise a matter of unsettled controversy how far the kinds of neuronal mechanisms [recognized] in aplysia 's non-associative learning could apply to learning in general .

Strictly speaking , it can not be shown that a behaviour pattern develops independently of experience ; only specific , identified factors may be ruled out .
strictly speaking , it can not be shown that a behaviour pattern develops independently of experience ; only specific , [recognized] factors may be ruled out .

No magnetic sense organ has been identified , but two hypotheses have been put forward .
no magnetic sense organ has been [recognized] , but two hypotheses have been put forward .

Three particular classes of activities have been identified as the most common source of signals : intention movements , displacement activities , and activities controlled by the autonomic nervous system .
three particular classes of activities have been [recognized] as the most common source of signals : intention movements , displacement activities , and activities controlled by the autonomic nervous system .

The police took fingerprints from it and identified the body .
the police took fingerprints from it and [recognized] the body .

Eleanor Rathbone identified the power that husbands derived from their breadwinner status as the ‘ Turk Complex ’ which she described in a biting passage :
eleanor rathbone [recognized] the power that husbands derived from their breadwinner status as the ‘ turk complex ’ which she described in a biting passage :

The major problem identified by eugenicists during the late nineteenth- and early twentieth-centuries was that the birth rate of the middle class — the eugenically fit — was falling much faster than that of the working class .
the major problem [recognized] by eugenicists during the late nineteenth- and early twentieth-centuries was that the birth rate of the middle class — the eugenically fit — was falling much faster than that of the working class .

The second man ( who appears at the left-hand side of the composition , drawing back a curtain ) in one of the earliest sketches , carries a skull , and Picasso identified him as a medical student .
the second man ( who appears at the left-hand side of the composition , drawing back a curtain ) in one of the earliest sketches , carries a skull , and picasso [recognized] him as a medical student .

Three such approaches can be identified .
three such approaches can be [recognized] .

Three problems with this approach can be identified .
three problems with this approach can be [recognized] .

Two well known ‘ models ’ can be identified .
two well known ‘ models ’ can be [recognized] .

These stages have been identified as follows :
these stages have been [recognized] as follows :

’ Several different types of leader have been identified as follows :
’ several different types of leader have been [recognized] as follows :

Events are shown as a circle or node and are usually identified by a short description of the event or by a number ( l , 2 , 3 etc ) .
events are shown as a circle or node and are usually [recognized] by a short description of the event or by a number ( l , 2 , 3 etc ) .

Once the market situation ( customers , competitors , suppliers , middlemen etc ) has been identified and evaluated , and once the decision has been made to penetrate , or develop , a particular market , then the role of the marketing mix is crucial .
once the market situation ( customers , competitors , suppliers , middlemen etc ) has been [recognized] and evaluated , and once the decision has been made to penetrate , or develop , a particular market , then the role of the marketing mix is crucial .

Every product needs to be promoted , that is to say it needs to be drawn to the attention of the market-place , and its benefits identified .
every product needs to be promoted , that is to say it needs to be drawn to the attention of the market-place , and its benefits [recognized] .

Several different stages of customer behaviour have been identified .
several different stages of customer behaviour have been [recognized] .

Preparing , in conjunction with other departments , suit-able marketing strategies to meet opportunities identified ;
preparing , in conjunction with other departments , suit-able marketing strategies to meet opportunities [recognized] ;

By far the greatest protection for consumers in Britain is provided by parliament , which in several important pieces of legislation has set up a framework in which the respective rights and duties of consumers and suppliers can be identified and clarified .
by far the greatest protection for consumers in britain is provided by parliament , which in several important pieces of legislation has set up a framework in which the respective rights and duties of consumers and suppliers can be [recognized] and clarified .

Kirchhoff reasoned that cooler elements in the outer layers of the Sun would absorb energy according to the same pattern ; and accordingly he identified in the Sun a number of elements found upon the Earth .
kirchhoff reasoned that cooler elements in the outer layers of the sun would absorb energy according to the same pattern ; and accordingly he [recognized] in the sun a number of elements found upon the earth .

As apparatus increased in power , elements were also identified in stars and nebulae .
as apparatus increased in power , elements were also [recognized] in stars and nebulae .

In 1861 Crookes made the discovery which brought him the necessary eminence ; he identified the new element thallium .
in 1861 crookes made the discovery which brought him the necessary eminence ; he [recognized] the new element thallium .

Nevertheless , while many administrative shortcomings have been identified , the scrutiny technique does have inherent limitations .
nevertheless , while many administrative shortcomings have been [recognized] , the scrutiny technique does have inherent limitations .

Many identified savings , furthermore , have not been realized : of the 600m annual savings identified by 1985 , for example , only 295m had actually been implemented .
many [recognized] savings , furthermore , have not been realized : of the 600m annual savings [recognized] by 1985 , for example , only 295m had actually been implemented .

Broadly he identified two categories of reform : those relating to people ( designed to produce changes in civil service culture ) , and those relating to institutions ( designed to clarify arrangements for resource management ) .
broadly he [recognized] two categories of reform : those relating to people ( designed to produce changes in civil service culture ) , and those relating to institutions ( designed to clarify arrangements for resource management ) .

Until the 1980s , however , its development was limited to executive functions where inputs and outputs could be most easily identified and aligned ( see Treasury and Civil Service Committee , 1982 , vol .
until the 1980s , however , its development was limited to executive functions where inputs and outputs could be most easily [recognized] and aligned ( see treasury and civil service committee , 1982 , vol .

As in England , the Scottish Commission identified large numbers of small authorities as a major weakness of the old system .
as in england , the scottish commission [recognized] large numbers of small authorities as a major weakness of the old system .

In Birmingham , Newton ( 1976 , chs 3 and 4 ) identified over 4,000 organized groups and estimated that there were probably about twice that number in total .
in birmingham , newton ( 1976 , chs 3 and 4 ) [recognized] over 4,000 organized groups and estimated that there were probably about twice that number in total .

Broadly speaking , three major models which attempt to offer insights into central-local relations can be identified , and these are discussed below .
broadly speaking , three major models which attempt to offer insights into central-local relations can be [recognized] , and these are discussed below .

However , three major types of relationship could be identified :
however , three major types of relationship could be [recognized] :

In 1987 the Cabinet Office ( 1987 , p. iv ) identified within each of these categories the following numbers :
in 1987 the cabinet office ( 1987 , p. iv ) [recognized] within each of these categories the following numbers :

Nevertheless , some important instruments of accountability to Parliament can be identified , although most apply to some quangos and not all .
nevertheless , some important instruments of accountability to parliament can be [recognized] , although most apply to some quangos and not all .

While Bachrach and Baratz must be recognised to have identified a major problem in pluralism , there are serious limitations to their analysis .
while bachrach and baratz must be recognised to have [recognized] a major problem in pluralism , there are serious limitations to their analysis .

In this chapter we are dealing with a set of phenomena for which there is not a clearly identified name and which therefore presents different faces in different theories .
in this chapter we are dealing with a set of phenomena for which there is not a clearly [recognized] name and which therefore presents different faces in different theories .

The most troublesome cases are provided where the problem is identified by pluralists as one of incomplete integration into the central value-system resulting in a state of backwardness in the outlying regions which may t e permanent .
the most troublesome cases are provided where the problem is [recognized] by pluralists as one of incomplete integration into the central value-system resulting in a state of backwardness in the outlying regions which may t e permanent .

The large cell bodies of the motor neurons could be found , and , as explained in Chapter 7 , the ‘ same ’ cell repeatedly identified in animal after animal ( Figure 9.2 ) .
the large cell bodies of the motor neurons could be found , and , as explained in chapter 7 , the ‘ same ’ cell repeatedly [recognized] in animal after animal ( figure 9.2 ) .

, 1967 ) , and at least two of eight soil groups identified by Everett ( 1969 ) from Trinity Peninsula , seem likely to be protorankers .
, 1967 ) , and at least two of eight soil groups [recognized] by everett ( 1969 ) from trinity peninsula , seem likely to be protorankers .

Fogg ( 1977 ) and others have suggested that other key elements or nutrients may be used up , but none has yet been identified as limiting .
fogg ( 1977 ) and others have suggested that other key elements or nutrients may be used up , but none has yet been [recognized] as limiting .

For example , of 134 species of mosses identified in Peary Land , north Greenland , Holmen ( 1960 ) categorized only one , Ortothecium acuminatum , as endemic to the area , and only 24 ( 18 % ) as having a mainly arctic distribution ; the remaining species are widely distributed in the north temperate zone .
for example , of 134 species of mosses [recognized] in peary land , north greenland , holmen ( 1960 ) categorized only one , ortothecium acuminatum , as endemic to the area , and only 24 ( 18 % ) as having a mainly arctic distribution ; the remaining species are widely distributed in the north temperate zone .

One agent occurring in the antarctic species Trematomus borchgrevinki ( Figure 6.3 ) has been identified as a glycoprotein of molecular weight up to 21 500 , which appears to bind itself to ice crystals and inhibit their growth ( Lin et al .
one agent occurring in the antarctic species trematomus borchgrevinki ( figure 6.3 ) has been [recognized] as a glycoprotein of molecular weight up to 21 500 , which appears to bind itself to ice crystals and inhibit their growth ( lin et al .

The list referred only briefly and somewhat obliquely to classroom practice , recommending ( but not defining ) : a stimulating and challenging learning environment ; flexible teaching strategies to meet the identified needs of individual pupils ; and specific practical help for individuals and small groups .
the list referred only briefly and somewhat obliquely to classroom practice , recommending ( but not defining ) : a stimulating and challenging learning environment ; flexible teaching strategies to meet the [recognized] needs of individual pupils ; and specific practical help for individuals and small groups .

Recommendations about classroom management , group work , the planning of projects , the fostering of pupils ' self-reliance , the use of resources , classroom display and a number of other topics , reinforced by the powerful visual device of a model classroom , identified the various items on the advisory team 's agenda for reforming classroom practice .
recommendations about classroom management , group work , the planning of projects , the fostering of pupils ' self-reliance , the use of resources , classroom display and a number of other topics , reinforced by the powerful visual device of a model classroom , [recognized] the various items on the advisory team 's agenda for reforming classroom practice .

Equally , the strategy may serve as another of the various ‘ camouflaging ’ devices we have identified ; in this case what remains disguised is the extent to which a class teacher 's limited grasp of specialist subject matter may make unavailable the options of adopting a more focused and challenging mode of questioning , or making judicious use of a didactic mode .
equally , the strategy may serve as another of the various ‘ camouflaging ’ devices we have [recognized] ; in this case what remains disguised is the extent to which a class teacher 's limited grasp of specialist subject matter may make unavailable the options of adopting a more focused and challenging mode of questioning , or making judicious use of a didactic mode .

However , in this chapter we have identified certain reservations about the models of teaching commended during the period under discussion , and to the extent that teachers felt obliged to implement these the effectiveness of enhanced staffing must have been blunted .
however , in this chapter we have [recognized] certain reservations about the models of teaching commended during the period under discussion , and to the extent that teachers felt obliged to implement these the effectiveness of enhanced staffing must have been blunted .

The report also examined the very real difficulties which sometimes beset home-school links , suggesting that a clash of basic objectives between teachers and parents may sometimes lead to a confrontation between widely differing models of home-school links . We identified four pairs of complementary roles commonly adopted by teachers and parents in their encounters with each other :
the report also examined the very real difficulties which sometimes beset home-school links , suggesting that a clash of basic objectives between teachers and parents may sometimes lead to a confrontation between widely differing models of home-school links . we [recognized] four pairs of complementary roles commonly adopted by teachers and parents in their encounters with each other :

In our fifth report we identified three main areas within which attitude and related attributes like personal manner and professional style were critically important for coordinators ' success :
in our fifth report we [recognized] three main areas within which attitude and related attributes like personal manner and professional style were critically important for coordinators ' success :

The tasks identified for coordinators by the Authority could not be carried out with anything less than enactor status .
the tasks [recognized] for coordinators by the authority could not be carried out with anything less than enactor status .

We also identified three key questions which need to be addressed as part of the process of devising such courses :
we also [recognized] three key questions which need to be addressed as part of the process of devising such courses :

We identified four features essential to a properly founded needs policy or programme : a clear definition of the categories of needs in question ; procedures for the identification of children within each category ; means for the diagnosis of the precise needs of each child so identified ; and appropriate educational and curricular provision to meet these needs .
we [recognized] four features essential to a properly founded needs policy or programme : a clear definition of the categories of needs in question ; procedures for the identification of children within each category ; means for the diagnosis of the precise needs of each child so [recognized] ; and appropriate educational and curricular provision to meet these needs .

The Authority rightly identified teachers ' classroom practice as a critical factor in children 's learning and gave it considerable prominence in documents , courses and the day-to-day work of its advisory staff in schools .
the authority rightly [recognized] teachers ' classroom practice as a critical factor in children 's learning and gave it considerable prominence in documents , courses and the day-to-day work of its advisory staff in schools .

While children were spending time on task and on different curriculum areas in similar proportions to those identified in other studies , it was also clear that such figures are by no means inevitable or appropriate .
while children were spending time on task and on different curriculum areas in similar proportions to those [recognized] in other studies , it was also clear that such figures are by no means inevitable or appropriate .

We identified , and questioned , the apparent imbalance in such generic activities .
we [recognized] , and questioned , the apparent imbalance in such generic activities .

However , we also identified problems that needed to be resolved : purposes have to be crystal clear ; matters of status , leadership and the division of responsibility have to be negotiated ; and all such collaborations have to be jointly planned .
however , we also [recognized] problems that needed to be resolved : purposes have to be crystal clear ; matters of status , leadership and the division of responsibility have to be negotiated ; and all such collaborations have to be jointly planned .

We have identified both strengths and achievements where classroom practice is concerned , particularly in the transformation of the physical settings in which teaching and learning take place , and the exploitation of the potential of classroom-based professional collaboration .
we have [recognized] both strengths and achievements where classroom practice is concerned , particularly in the transformation of the physical settings in which teaching and learning take place , and the exploitation of the potential of classroom-based professional collaboration .

The dilemmas and compromises which are inherent to the task of teaching need to be honestly identified and openly confronted .
the dilemmas and compromises which are inherent to the task of teaching need to be honestly [recognized] and openly confronted .

Authors have identified considerable consistency in individual authorities ' spending patterns over time despite the variation between authorities .
authors have [recognized] considerable consistency in individual authorities ' spending patterns over time despite the variation between authorities .

Judge and Matthews ( 1980 ) examined the history of charging in the personal social services , where many activities still carry a charge , and identified an even more varied selection of motives .
judge and matthews ( 1980 ) examined the history of charging in the personal social services , where many activities still carry a charge , and [recognized] an even more varied selection of motives .

The unique features he identified were rather different from those identified by Wolfenden , Beveridge and other writers , such as experimentation or innovation .
the unique features he [recognized] were rather different from those [recognized] by wolfenden , beveridge and other writers , such as experimentation or innovation .

Four phases can be identified in the development of economic relations between the two regions : ( 1 ) In the 1920s tentative links were initiated by the new Soviet government , which was anxious to secure diplomatic recognition and to explore the potential for trade with Latin America as part of its attempt to break out of what was perceived as an economic blockade by the Western nations .
four phases can be [recognized] in the development of economic relations between the two regions : ( 1 ) in the 1920s tentative links were initiated by the new soviet government , which was anxious to secure diplomatic recognition and to explore the potential for trade with latin america as part of its attempt to break out of what was perceived as an economic blockade by the western nations .

The last of the five periods identified by Geary is the 1980s , when industrial confrontation reverted to a more violent form .
the last of the five periods [recognized] by geary is the 1980s , when industrial confrontation reverted to a more violent form .

Thus the processes identified in the diagram will be evident in the majority of media outlets , the exceptions being few and far between .
thus the processes [recognized] in the diagram will be evident in the majority of media outlets , the exceptions being few and far between .

But how much grander , Colonel Fergusson observed , to picture their tragic plight with movement and coloured lights , accompanied by music which he identified quite unnecessarily to his daughter as ‘ Vive Henrico !
but how much grander , colonel fergusson observed , to picture their tragic plight with movement and coloured lights , accompanied by music which he [recognized] quite unnecessarily to his daughter as ‘ vive henrico !

8 No novels in which the narrator , or any of the characters , is identified simply by an initial letter . Still they go on doing it !
8 no novels in which the narrator , or any of the characters , is [recognized] simply by an initial letter . still they go on doing it !

The novel opens with a page-long diatribe about the age of middlemen which appears to be the opinion of a third-person narrator but is subsequently identified as ‘ disloyal thoughts … not precisely verbalised as they turmoiled through the hazily discontented soul of Rusty Conway ’ ( 5–6 ) .
the novel opens with a page-long diatribe about the age of middlemen which appears to be the opinion of a third-person narrator but is subsequently [recognized] as ‘ disloyal thoughts … not precisely verbalised as they turmoiled through the hazily discontented soul of rusty conway ’ ( 5–6 ) .

But especially in conditions of capitalist crisis , it is only the street crime of the poor which is identified as a danger to the social order .
but especially in conditions of capitalist crisis , it is only the street crime of the poor which is [recognized] as a danger to the social order .

On approaching the village proceed around the hairpin bend in the centre of the village towards the disused railway bridge and the property will be found just before the bridge on the left hand side , identified by an Adkin ‘ For Sale ’ board .
on approaching the village proceed around the hairpin bend in the centre of the village towards the disused railway bridge and the property will be found just before the bridge on the left hand side , [recognized] by an adkin ‘ for sale ’ board .

Proceed along Hollow Way and the property will be seen after a short distance on the left hand side , identified by an Adkin ‘ For Sale ’ board .
proceed along hollow way and the property will be seen after a short distance on the left hand side , [recognized] by an adkin ‘ for sale ’ board .

Eventually , in 1977 , a Green Paper was published which identified four major topics for consideration : the school curriculum , assessment and standards , the education and training of teachers and the relationship between school and working life .
eventually , in 1977 , a green paper was published which [recognized] four major topics for consideration : the school curriculum , assessment and standards , the education and training of teachers and the relationship between school and working life .

The Labour Party , which supports the idea of parent governors , has identified a number of shortcomings in the present arrangements .
the labour party , which supports the idea of parent governors , has [recognized] a number of shortcomings in the present arrangements .

One of the long term trends identified in the introduction to this chapter was the decline of the privately rented sector .
one of the long term trends [recognized] in the introduction to this chapter was the decline of the privately rented sector .

From the problems identified it would appear that we should be asking not whether the family can provide more care in the future but whether it will be even able to maintain its current level of provision .
from the problems [recognized] it would appear that we should be asking not whether the family can provide more care in the future but whether it will be even able to maintain its current level of provision .

Billis and Harris have identified the conflicting goals of funders and agencies as a major concern in the voluntary sector .
billis and harris have [recognized] the conflicting goals of funders and agencies as a major concern in the voluntary sector .

There is a more general issue of accountability in the voluntary sector . Leat has identified four forms of accountability applicable to voluntary organisations :
there is a more general issue of accountability in the voluntary sector . leat has [recognized] four forms of accountability applicable to voluntary organisations :

In evaluating the government 's achievements reference will be made to the policy objectives identified in Chapter 1 : privatisation , curbing local government and promoting inequality .
in evaluating the government 's achievements reference will be made to the policy objectives [recognized] in chapter 1 : privatisation , curbing local government and promoting inequality .

The delicate purple flowered common sea lavender can be found and identified by its branched stems , strongly veined leaves and flowers tightly packed in flat-topped clusters .
the delicate purple flowered common sea lavender can be found and [recognized] by its branched stems , strongly veined leaves and flowers tightly packed in flat-topped clusters .

Have we identified specialists in the main areas to assess the implications for the authority of the proposals ?
have we [recognized] specialists in the main areas to assess the implications for the authority of the proposals ?

Failing eyesight , hearing difficulties , trouble with your feet and similar problems can often be helped once they have been identified .
failing eyesight , hearing difficulties , trouble with your feet and similar problems can often be helped once they have been [recognized] .

The track record of the Z-Score models described here is quote remarkable , with 99 per cent of listed company failures correctly identified as ‘ at risk ’ , often with three to four years ’ advance warning , and not very different results for unlisted concerns .
the track record of the z-score models described here is quote remarkable , with 99 per cent of listed company failures correctly [recognized] as ‘ at risk ’ , often with three to four years ’ advance warning , and not very different results for unlisted concerns .

‘ Once we had identified the high risk element on our customer base , we placed certain customers onto a monitoring service for daily surveillance of change information .
‘ once we had [recognized] the high risk element on our customer base , we placed certain customers onto a monitoring service for daily surveillance of change information .

The second aspect of project control is the regular monitoring of project performance in its early stages and the taking of corrective action to overcome and any identified difficulties , such as failure to meet learning curve targets .
the second aspect of project control is the regular monitoring of project performance in its early stages and the taking of corrective action to overcome and any [recognized] difficulties , such as failure to meet learning curve targets .

You will be given a plan on which ‘ your ’ baluster is identified , and you will be told the day the capsule is to be buried should you wish to attend .
you will be given a plan on which ‘ your ’ baluster is [recognized] , and you will be told the day the capsule is to be buried should you wish to attend .

We identified with all of these women , because none of them had anything to do with Being Beautiful .
we [recognized] with all of these women , because none of them had anything to do with being beautiful .

She identified areas of special interest — Greece and Rome , popular science , cathedral architecture , arctic exploration — and burrowed happily away ; she reconsidered herself and others through the lens of that well-constructed lie that is a good novel .
she [recognized] areas of special interest — greece and rome , popular science , cathedral architecture , arctic exploration — and burrowed happily away ; she reconsidered herself and others through the lens of that well-constructed lie that is a good novel .

He is almost certainly to be identified with the Osbald of Alcuin 's letter to Aethelred and perhaps with the Osbald who burnt a ‘ patrician ’ of King Aelfwald in 780 .
he is almost certainly to be [recognized] with the osbald of alcuin 's letter to aethelred and perhaps with the osbald who burnt a ‘ patrician ’ of king aelfwald in 780 .

At a time when what would seem to have been a ‘ Carolingian connection ’ can be identified in insular art , architecture and archaeology , a Carolingian emphasis on the importance of increasing the number of metropolitans and re-establishing metropolitan authority is likely to have created a context by the mid-780s for consideration of the situation in the Anglo-Saxon Church where the archbishop of Canterbury presided over as many as twelve suffragans .
at a time when what would seem to have been a ‘ carolingian connection ’ can be [recognized] in insular art , architecture and archaeology , a carolingian emphasis on the importance of increasing the number of metropolitans and re-establishing metropolitan authority is likely to have created a context by the mid-780s for consideration of the situation in the anglo-saxon church where the archbishop of canterbury presided over as many as twelve suffragans .

Middlesbrough steel , for instance , can still be identified in the railway stations of India and Argentina : on the eve of the First World War , those countries alone bought more British iron and steel exports than the whole of Europe .
middlesbrough steel , for instance , can still be [recognized] in the railway stations of india and argentina : on the eve of the first world war , those countries alone bought more british iron and steel exports than the whole of europe .

The socially selective nature of migration , which the previous section identified at all three scales , has worked alongside differences in the indigenous rates of upward social mobility to produce impressive contrasts in social status and other indicators of material well-being between North and South , between rural and urban sub-regions , and between suburbs and inner cities .
the socially selective nature of migration , which the previous section [recognized] at all three scales , has worked alongside differences in the indigenous rates of upward social mobility to produce impressive contrasts in social status and other indicators of material well-being between north and south , between rural and urban sub-regions , and between suburbs and inner cities .

( 1988 ) , who identified close links between health standards and levels of material prosperity .
( 1988 ) , who [recognized] close links between health standards and levels of material prosperity .

The focus of the inter-war depression in Scotland , the Northern Region and Wales is universally attributed to specialization in a narrow band of declining industries , and these areas were identified as the principal target of regional policy for the subsequent decades .
the focus of the inter-war depression in scotland , the northern region and wales is universally attributed to specialization in a narrow band of declining industries , and these areas were [recognized] as the principal target of regional policy for the subsequent decades .

Yet the majority of women repealers clearly identified , if not with feminism , then with a body of ideas and aspirations variously known as the woman question , the emancipation of women , the rights of women and so on .
yet the majority of women repealers clearly [recognized] , if not with feminism , then with a body of ideas and aspirations variously known as the woman question , the emancipation of women , the rights of women and so on .

Their campaigns for legal enforcement were backed by a powerful language which identified whole new technologies of sex and forged them into a popular crusade for reform .
their campaigns for legal enforcement were backed by a powerful language which [recognized] whole new technologies of sex and forged them into a popular crusade for reform .

by no means all purists identified with feminism , but the rapid growth of the women 's movement in the late nineteenth and early twentieth century can not be understood without reference to the purity crusades , which drew thousands of women into the political arena for the first time .
by no means all purists [recognized] with feminism , but the rapid growth of the women 's movement in the late nineteenth and early twentieth century can not be understood without reference to the purity crusades , which drew thousands of women into the political arena for the first time .

The various participants in the workshop identified a wide range of constraints which can broadly be categorised under five main headings — political and administrative constraints , ethnocentrism and its effects , inadequate resources , and a need for a purpose-designed methodology :
the various participants in the workshop [recognized] a wide range of constraints which can broadly be categorised under five main headings — political and administrative constraints , ethnocentrism and its effects , inadequate resources , and a need for a purpose-designed methodology :

Each need identified has its own place in the vicious circle : a reluctance on the part of schools to deploy community language teachers as part of their staffing establishment , and to offer adequate capitation for teachers deployed from units outside of the school ; a shortage of Section 11 staff to meet the demand from schools for community language provision ; a lack of back-up facilities in local institutions such as teachers ' centres , curriculum development units and local universities and polytechnics .
each need [recognized] has its own place in the vicious circle : a reluctance on the part of schools to deploy community language teachers as part of their staffing establishment , and to offer adequate capitation for teachers deployed from units outside of the school ; a shortage of section 11 staff to meet the demand from schools for community language provision ; a lack of back-up facilities in local institutions such as teachers ' centres , curriculum development units and local universities and polytechnics .

The following areas for potential research and development were identified :
the following areas for potential research and development were [recognized] :

After 1942 programmes for economic and social reform after the war began to take shape ; they had popular appeal and Labour was identified with them rather more than the Conservatives .
after 1942 programmes for economic and social reform after the war began to take shape ; they had popular appeal and labour was [recognized] with them rather more than the conservatives .

— the 1930s had been a decade of population stagnation , if not decline ) ; inter-war regional drift would be halted ; the housing shortage would be made good ; the necessary population redistributions would be implemented , so reducing densities to an acceptable level in the inner districts ; areas for suburban expansion would be identified and selected against a background of open space and protected countryside ; lines for improved road communication would be safeguarded and the commercial areas , particularly town centres , would be better defined and made architectural show-pieces .
— the 1930s had been a decade of population stagnation , if not decline ) ; inter-war regional drift would be halted ; the housing shortage would be made good ; the necessary population redistributions would be implemented , so reducing densities to an acceptable level in the inner districts ; areas for suburban expansion would be [recognized] and selected against a background of open space and protected countryside ; lines for improved road communication would be safeguarded and the commercial areas , particularly town centres , would be better defined and made architectural show-pieces .

But consider one aspect : fifteen design variables were identified which affected the behaviour of residents , especially children and users of blocks of flats .
but consider one aspect : fifteen design variables were [recognized] which affected the behaviour of residents , especially children and users of blocks of flats .

In a sense , however , the problem identified by Buchanan may have passed .
in a sense , however , the problem [recognized] by buchanan may have passed .

’ He 'd identified various locations where Goodenache was likely to turn up .
’ he 'd [recognized] various locations where goodenache was likely to turn up .

As a member of the wealthy middle class , Darwin had a social position that he might well forfeit if he became identified with the supposedly atheistical concept of transmutation .
as a member of the wealthy middle class , darwin had a social position that he might well forfeit if he became [recognized] with the supposedly atheistical concept of transmutation .

The lower animals still alive in the world today could be identified with particular stages in the overall development of life — a process that was replayed like a speeded-up movie film in the life of every human being .
the lower animals still alive in the world today could be [recognized] with particular stages in the overall development of life — a process that was replayed like a speeded-up movie film in the life of every human being .

Quadrats of a large scale had been used before to determine the precise range of various species , but Clements and Pound marked off small areas , often only a metre square , so that every plant of every species could be identified .
quadrats of a large scale had been used before to determine the precise range of various species , but clements and pound marked off small areas , often only a metre square , so that every plant of every species could be [recognized] .

At present , we 've identified the recurrence of ‘ vile vortices ’ where Darkfall happens with a certain regularity .
at present , we 've [recognized] the recurrence of ‘ vile vortices ’ where darkfall happens with a certain regularity .

Identified himself as Spicer .
[recognized] himself as spicer .

He set the tray down on the table and she identified the predictable ingredients : coffee in a bowl and a hunk of bread smeared with honey .
he set the tray down on the table and she [recognized] the predictable ingredients : coffee in a bowl and a hunk of bread smeared with honey .

Medical students who fail to do this , who show their own distress and pain at the plight of the patient , are identified as unsuitable or unprofessional and expected to ‘ harden up ’ .
medical students who fail to do this , who show their own distress and pain at the plight of the patient , are [recognized] as unsuitable or unprofessional and expected to ‘ harden up ’ .

The ‘ something ’ in my chest had been identified .
the ‘ something ’ in my chest had been [recognized] .

What identified sufferers was a collapse of motivation .
what [recognized] sufferers was a collapse of motivation .

So much so , that the cultural function of higher education was one of the four functions identified as the core of Robbins ' idea of higher education .
so much so , that the cultural function of higher education was one of the four functions [recognized] as the core of robbins ' idea of higher education .

The question , though , remains : given these differences , is there any sense in which we can still refer today to a single academic community ? If there is , it has to be at a deeper level of thought and interaction than we have so far identified .
the question , though , remains : given these differences , is there any sense in which we can still refer today to a single academic community ? if there is , it has to be at a deeper level of thought and interaction than we have so far [recognized] .

Whether we get interested in mainly cognitive pursuits ( such as philosophy or chemistry ) or more practical endeavours ( like physiotherapy or graphic design ) , we should try to avoid becoming dominated by them , and being identified with them ( as a chemist or graphic designer ) .
whether we get interested in mainly cognitive pursuits ( such as philosophy or chemistry ) or more practical endeavours ( like physiotherapy or graphic design ) , we should try to avoid becoming dominated by them , and being [recognized] with them ( as a chemist or graphic designer ) .

Each separation is identified as to its colour , screen angle and frequency as well as carrying the colour progressives , registration marks and a star target which is used as a resolution check .
each separation is [recognized] as to its colour , screen angle and frequency as well as carrying the colour progressives , registration marks and a star target which is used as a resolution check .

‘ Have either of the dead men been identified yet ? ’ another man asked , puffing on his cigarette .
‘ have either of the dead men been [recognized] yet ? ’ another man asked , puffing on his cigarette .

‘ It would seem to be just a matter of time before the man 's identified .
‘ it would seem to be just a matter of time before the man 's [recognized] .

‘ It 's where we keep any prisoners who die until they 've been identified , or until arrangements can be made for their burial .
‘ it 's where we keep any prisoners who die until they 've been [recognized] , or until arrangements can be made for their burial .

‘ It does , but no area of the brain has yet been identified as controlling reactions like reason .
‘ it does , but no area of the brain has yet been [recognized] as controlling reactions like reason .

‘ On my way to see Houghton , he 's identified one of the dead killers . ’
‘ on my way to see houghton , he 's [recognized] one of the dead killers . ’

‘ But you said they 'd identified Lawton , Bryce and Magee .
‘ but you said they 'd [recognized] lawton , bryce and magee .

Taylor and Walton note that sabotage can be difficult to define : at one end it merges with informal practices which become almost part of normal procedure , ‘ neither openly demanded nor openly questioned ’ , while in extreme cases sabotage may be identified with explicitly political violence .
taylor and walton note that sabotage can be difficult to define : at one end it merges with informal practices which become almost part of normal procedure , ‘ neither openly demanded nor openly questioned ’ , while in extreme cases sabotage may be [recognized] with explicitly political violence .

If the conflict is very trivial , it may indeed ‘ blow over ’ without an issue being made of it , but if the causes are not identified , the conflict may grow to unmanageable proportions .
if the conflict is very trivial , it may indeed ‘ blow over ’ without an issue being made of it , but if the causes are not [recognized] , the conflict may grow to unmanageable proportions .

The trouble with such five-category classifications in practice is that they describe a two-class society : the working class — producers of goods and services — and middle class — the managers and organisers — are identified , but the ‘ upper class ’ seems to have disappeared altogether .
the trouble with such five-category classifications in practice is that they describe a two-class society : the working class — producers of goods and services — and middle class — the managers and organisers — are [recognized] , but the ‘ upper class ’ seems to have disappeared altogether .

Two great strengths of shopfloor culture have been identified as :
two great strengths of shopfloor culture have been [recognized] as :

Plans must be made , but they will not be achieved unless activities are monitored , and deviations from plan identified and corrected as soon as they become apparent .
plans must be made , but they will not be achieved unless activities are monitored , and deviations from plan [recognized] and corrected as soon as they become apparent .

Other functions which might bc identified , for example , are staffing ( ie .
other functions which might bc [recognized] , for example , are staffing ( ie .

Four different types or styles of leadership were identified by Huneryager and Heckman ( 1967 ) :
four different types or styles of leadership were [recognized] by huneryager and heckman ( 1967 ) :

It is the most democratic style of leadership identified by the research study .
it is the most democratic style of leadership [recognized] by the research study .

Adair ( Effective Leadership , 1983 ) identified three aspects of a leadership situation which overlap , but are distinct , ie :
adair ( effective leadership , 1983 ) [recognized] three aspects of a leadership situation which overlap , but are distinct , ie :

Adair identified leadership style in this essentially functional approach : the common perception of leadership as ‘ decision-making ’ was , he argued , inadequate to describe the range of action required by the complex situation in which the manager finds himself .
adair [recognized] leadership style in this essentially functional approach : the common perception of leadership as ‘ decision-making ’ was , he argued , inadequate to describe the range of action required by the complex situation in which the manager finds himself .

The fourth factor identified by Handy in the situational jig- saw is the environment :
the fourth factor [recognized] by handy in the situational jig- saw is the environment :

It is specific if the subordinate has authority to make certain limited and identified decisions within that area of operations .
it is specific if the subordinate has authority to make certain limited and [recognized] decisions within that area of operations .

Targets for performance by each profit centre can be established , actual results monitored against targets and control action taken by appropriate subordinates with the necessary authority ; the subordinates would then be held accountable and responsible for their results , and areas of efficiency or inefficiency within the organisation would be more easily identified and remedied .
targets for performance by each profit centre can be established , actual results monitored against targets and control action taken by appropriate subordinates with the necessary authority ; the subordinates would then be held accountable and responsible for their results , and areas of efficiency or inefficiency within the organisation would be more easily [recognized] and remedied .

Separate spheres of responsibility can be identified , and control systems set up for junior management , and so controls , performance measurement and accountability are better .
separate spheres of responsibility can be [recognized] , and control systems set up for junior management , and so controls , performance measurement and accountability are better .

He was interested in why individuals obeyed commands , and he identified three grounds on which legitimate authority could exist .
he was interested in why individuals obeyed commands , and he [recognized] three grounds on which legitimate authority could exist .

Charles Handy ( understanding Organisations ) identified six types of power :
charles handy ( understanding organisations ) [recognized] six types of power :

Handy identified two further , ‘ unseen ’ methods of influence .
handy [recognized] two further , ‘ unseen ’ methods of influence .

They identified the need for a different organisation structure when the technology of the market is changing ; innovation is crucial to the continuing success of any organisation operating in the market .
they [recognized] the need for a different organisation structure when the technology of the market is changing ; innovation is crucial to the continuing success of any organisation operating in the market .

Nonetheless , great care is taken in organisations to ensure that the membership is identified and kept under review .
nonetheless , great care is taken in organisations to ensure that the membership is [recognized] and kept under review .

The formal mature of organisation structure reflects the fact of goals having been identified and the criteria of achievement specified .
the formal mature of organisation structure reflects the fact of goals having been [recognized] and the criteria of achievement specified .

As well as these basic relationships , formal structure is identified with the major areas of managerial responsibility .
as well as these basic relationships , formal structure is [recognized] with the major areas of managerial responsibility .

His parents have not been identified , though he may have been related to a family of Purneys in Buckinghamshire .
his parents have not been [recognized] , though he may have been related to a family of purneys in buckinghamshire .

At first she identified herself by initials alone , styling herself a ‘ minister or servant of the Gospel ’ , and she did not indicate her gender or give her full name until 1651 .
at first she [recognized] herself by initials alone , styling herself a ‘ minister or servant of the gospel ’ , and she did not indicate her gender or give her full name until 1651 .

Her husband has not been identified .
her husband has not been [recognized] .

Of his designs in a classical manner the first identified was a proposal of 1752 — in the form of an Italianate palazzo and based in part on an elevation in Sebastiano Serlio 's Tutte L'Opera D'Architettura ( book vii , p. 49 ) — for rebuilding Hagley Hall , Worcestershire , for Sir George ( later first Baron ) Lyttelton [ q.v . ]
of his designs in a classical manner the first [recognized] was a proposal of 1752 — in the form of an italianate palazzo and based in part on an elevation in sebastiano serlio 's tutte l'opera d'architettura ( book vii , p. 49 ) — for rebuilding hagley hall , worcestershire , for sir george ( later first baron ) lyttelton [ q.v . ]

From the first he closely identified himself with the city , its people , and their aspirations in ways which helped to break down many of the prejudices of his people and their Presbyterian neighbours .
from the first he closely [recognized] himself with the city , its people , and their aspirations in ways which helped to break down many of the prejudices of his people and their presbyterian neighbours .

At least one portrait of him can , however , be definitely identified ; it was painted in India by Thomas Hickey ( no relation to William ) .
at least one portrait of him can , however , be definitely [recognized] ; it was painted in india by thomas hickey ( no relation to william ) .

He claimed that it was more accurate than any that had been made before , and there is a strong possibility that it is to be identified with the map which appears in the 1535 English Bible of Miles Coverdale [ q.v . ]
he claimed that it was more accurate than any that had been made before , and there is a strong possibility that it is to be [recognized] with the map which appears in the 1535 english bible of miles coverdale [ q.v . ]

Between 1193 and 1201 it is possible that he is to be identified with a master Elias , steward to Gilbert de Glanville , bishop of Rochester [ q.v . ]
between 1193 and 1201 it is possible that he is to be [recognized] with a master elias , steward to gilbert de glanville , bishop of rochester [ q.v . ]

Less likely , but by no means impossible , is the suggestion that he is to be identified with a man named master Elias the engineer , or Elias of Oxford , who prior to 1201 had charge of the king 's houses in Oxford and of various castle-building operations across southern England .
less likely , but by no means impossible , is the suggestion that he is to be [recognized] with a man named master elias the engineer , or elias of oxford , who prior to 1201 had charge of the king 's houses in oxford and of various castle-building operations across southern england .

As a result , the Glasgow Orpheus Choir , so totally identified throughout its life with just one man , ceased to exist .
as a result , the glasgow orpheus choir , so totally [recognized] throughout its life with just one man , ceased to exist .

Writing in 1900 , the German architect and critic Hermann Muthesius identified as one of the most significant developments in European architecture the tendency of certain British architects towards what he described as a ‘ modern ’ style , which referred to no tradition , and created a new architectural language of space and mass .
writing in 1900 , the german architect and critic hermann muthesius [recognized] as one of the most significant developments in european architecture the tendency of certain british architects towards what he described as a ‘ modern ’ style , which referred to no tradition , and created a new architectural language of space and mass .

In many of her novels May Sinclair was concerned with her characters ' struggle for individuality in a suppressive environment , which was frequently identified with the values of the Victorian society the author herself grew up in .
in many of her novels may sinclair was concerned with her characters ' struggle for individuality in a suppressive environment , which was frequently [recognized] with the values of the victorian society the author herself grew up in .

Wolf identified himself with the existing élite of Anglo-Jewry in regarding Jewish emancipation in England as a success story , and expecting that the growth of tolerance would enable Jews elsewhere to live both within their ancestral religion and culture , and as full citizens of their respective countries .
wolf [recognized] himself with the existing élite of anglo-jewry in regarding jewish emancipation in england as a success story , and expecting that the growth of tolerance would enable jews elsewhere to live both within their ancestral religion and culture , and as full citizens of their respective countries .

As minister of labour he was concerned that the government should not become totally identified with the Unionist Party and was determined that people in Northern Ireland should have the same standards of living as those in the rest of the United Kingdom .
as minister of labour he was concerned that the government should not become totally [recognized] with the unionist party and was determined that people in northern ireland should have the same standards of living as those in the rest of the united kingdom .

, in which he played the comic militiaman Simon Spatterdash , a propounder of curious comparisons , a role with which he became completely identified off-stage , so that his fame spread far and wide .
, in which he played the comic militiaman simon spatterdash , a propounder of curious comparisons , a role with which he became completely [recognized] off-stage , so that his fame spread far and wide .

From African experience he identified ‘ the real colonial problem ’ as ‘ natural poverty ’ and ‘ conquering nature in tropical conditions ’ .
from african experience he [recognized] ‘ the real colonial problem ’ as ‘ natural poverty ’ and ‘ conquering nature in tropical conditions ’ .

The William de Brailes workshop in Oxford is the first workshop to which a name and a definite location can be assigned , and whose products can be identified .
the william de brailes workshop in oxford is the first workshop to which a name and a definite location can be assigned , and whose products can be [recognized] .

Although a believer in raj paternalism , Havell 's aesthetically radical , anti-Renaissance , arts and crafts tenets , and his synthetic vision of architecture as unifying all the different traditional arts of India , helped undermine the primacy of salon art in India , hitherto identified as one of the triumphs of the raj westernization of the subcontinent .
although a believer in raj paternalism , havell 's aesthetically radical , anti-renaissance , arts and crafts tenets , and his synthetic vision of architecture as unifying all the different traditional arts of india , helped undermine the primacy of salon art in india , hitherto [recognized] as one of the triumphs of the raj westernization of the subcontinent .

The plans of the groups enable them to be identified with those shown on large-scale Ordnance Survey maps , except for those sites subsequently ploughed out , which often survived as ring-ditches .
the plans of the groups enable them to be [recognized] with those shown on large-scale ordnance survey maps , except for those sites subsequently ploughed out , which often survived as ring-ditches .

In this memoir he identified the arrivals of dilatational and distortional body waves ( P-waves and S-waves ) and of surface waves in seismic recordings , a finding which was further documented in a paper of 1900 and which laid the foundations for the instrumental study of earthquakes and of the Earth 's deep interior .
in this memoir he [recognized] the arrivals of dilatational and distortional body waves ( p-waves and s-waves ) and of surface waves in seismic recordings , a finding which was further documented in a paper of 1900 and which laid the foundations for the instrumental study of earthquakes and of the earth 's deep interior .

’ He compiled the first useful tables of travel times of seismic phases and used them to show that wave speeds increase smoothly with depth , up to a point where they suffer a sharp decrease , which he identified with the boundary of a central core ‘ possessing radically different physical properties ’ , though he did not conclude that the core was liquid .
’ he compiled the first useful tables of travel times of seismic phases and used them to show that wave speeds increase smoothly with depth , up to a point where they suffer a sharp decrease , which he [recognized] with the boundary of a central core ‘ possessing radically different physical properties ’ , though he did not conclude that the core was liquid .

There is no further mention of Ambrosia in the records , and possibly she is to be identified with the ‘ Dame Ambroise de Saint-Joire ’ named in 1288 among the first entrants to the Carthusian nunnery of Melan ( Haute-Savoie ) founded in 1282 by Beatrice de Faucigny .
there is no further mention of ambrosia in the records , and possibly she is to be [recognized] with the ‘ dame ambroise de saint-joire ’ named in 1288 among the first entrants to the carthusian nunnery of melan ( haute-savoie ) founded in 1282 by beatrice de faucigny .

She wrote a scholarly life to preface the Tasso , and clearly identified with his confinement and melancholy .
she wrote a scholarly life to preface the tasso , and clearly [recognized] with his confinement and melancholy .

They were identified as those of Ruth Fuerst , an Austrian nurse , who had been missing since 1943 ; Muriel Eady , who had been one of Christie 's colleagues at work in 1944 ; Christie 's wife ; and three prostitutes .
they were [recognized] as those of ruth fuerst , an austrian nurse , who had been missing since 1943 ; muriel eady , who had been one of christie 's colleagues at work in 1944 ; christie 's wife ; and three prostitutes .

His parents have not been identified , but members of his family were office-holders in the parish .
his parents have not been [recognized] , but members of his family were office-holders in the parish .

Women who are identified as a problem are those whose isolation and poverty and poor housing affects their competence in childcare , domestic skills and coping with unsatisfactory circumstances .
women who are [recognized] as a problem are those whose isolation and poverty and poor housing affects their competence in childcare , domestic skills and coping with unsatisfactory circumstances .

If the company 's business involves dealing in goods the records must also contain a statement of stock held at the end of the financial year and statements of stocktakings from which that was prepared , and , except in the case of goods sold in the ordinary course of retail trade , statements of all goods sold or purchased , in sufficient detail to enable the other party to be identified .
if the company 's business involves dealing in goods the records must also contain a statement of stock held at the end of the financial year and statements of stocktakings from which that was prepared , and , except in the case of goods sold in the ordinary course of retail trade , statements of all goods sold or purchased , in sufficient detail to enable the other party to be [recognized] .

This additional activation of cat might cause the logogen for cot to be more highly activated than the correct logogen for cot : cot would be incorrectly identified as cat .
this additional activation of cat might cause the logogen for cot to be more highly activated than the correct logogen for cot : cot would be incorrectly [recognized] as cat .

Hence common words will be more rapidly identified or produced than uncommon words , and also a word which has been presented previously will be more rapidly identified than one which has not .
hence common words will be more rapidly [recognized] or produced than uncommon words , and also a word which has been presented previously will be more rapidly [recognized] than one which has not .

Consequently , the word will often have been identified before the target has even occurred , and so reaction times will be short .
consequently , the word will often have been [recognized] before the target has even occurred , and so reaction times will be short .

Consequently , such a word can be identified only after the subject has heard phonemes occurring later than the target phoneme , and so reaction times will be long .
consequently , such a word can be [recognized] only after the subject has heard phonemes occurring later than the target phoneme , and so reaction times will be long .

At this moment ( which occurs when a word 's recognition point is reached ) , the word can be identified , even if much more of the speech signal has yet to reach the word-recognition system .
at this moment ( which occurs when a word 's recognition point is reached ) , the word can be [recognized] , even if much more of the speech signal has yet to reach the word-recognition system .

In fact , assuming that the time elapsing between a subject 's decision to respond and the actual pressing of the button was about 75 milliseconds , subjects on average identified the target after having heard only the first 200 milliseconds of it .
in fact , assuming that the time elapsing between a subject 's decision to respond and the actual pressing of the button was about 75 milliseconds , subjects on average [recognized] the target after having heard only the first 200 milliseconds of it .

Put another way , this means that after only 200 milliseconds the target word cohort would have contained an average of 29 words if the word was being identified independently of any context .
put another way , this means that after only 200 milliseconds the target word cohort would have contained an average of 29 words if the word was being [recognized] independently of any context .

This suggests that subjects always identified a word first and then decided whether or not it rhymed ; and that the rhyme decision took about 140 milliseconds to make after the word had been identified .
this suggests that subjects always [recognized] a word first and then decided whether or not it rhymed ; and that the rhyme decision took about 140 milliseconds to make after the word had been [recognized] .

However , there is an advantage in having a system which can check word identification to see if the word which we have identified is consistent with context , and it is this checking procedure which Fischler and Bloom claim is causing the inhibition effects which they have demonstrated .
however , there is an advantage in having a system which can check word identification to see if the word which we have [recognized] is consistent with context , and it is this checking procedure which fischler and bloom claim is causing the inhibition effects which they have demonstrated .

In other words , in visual word recognition , preceding context is not used to predict what word is coming next , but , rather , to see whether the latest word to be identified is semantically coherent with what has gone before .
in other words , in visual word recognition , preceding context is not used to predict what word is coming next , but , rather , to see whether the latest word to be [recognized] is semantically coherent with what has gone before .

However , when words are identified in reading , context appears to influence word identification only after a word has been identified .
however , when words are [recognized] in reading , context appears to influence word identification only after a word has been [recognized] .

As we saw , experiments by Marslen-Wilson and Tyler ( 1980 ) on auditory word recognition showed that a word can be identified more rapidly if it is predictable , that is , if there are syntactic and/or semantic constraints on the number of possible words which might occupy that particular position in a sentence .
as we saw , experiments by marslen-wilson and tyler ( 1980 ) on auditory word recognition showed that a word can be [recognized] more rapidly if it is predictable , that is , if there are syntactic and/or semantic constraints on the number of possible words which might occupy that particular position in a sentence .

Bransford and Franks found that only sentences which contained one piece of information , or information from different sets , could be reliably identified as not having been heard before .
bransford and franks found that only sentences which contained one piece of information , or information from different sets , could be reliably [recognized] as not having been heard before .

Sentences containing all four pieces of information from a set were most frequently identified as having been heard before even when they had not , suggesting that the information from a related set of sentences had been integrated into one complex whole which was closest in form to a four-idea sentence .
sentences containing all four pieces of information from a set were most frequently [recognized] as having been heard before even when they had not , suggesting that the information from a related set of sentences had been integrated into one complex whole which was closest in form to a four-idea sentence .

He found that in the neutral condition , where no particular inference was confirmed or disconfirmed by subsequent information , all potential inferences were falsely identified as having occurred in a passage about 25 per cent of the time .
he found that in the neutral condition , where no particular inference was confirmed or disconfirmed by subsequent information , all potential inferences were falsely [recognized] as having occurred in a passage about 25 per cent of the time .

Potential inferences which were disconfirmed by a later statement were invariably rejected , and inferences which were neither confirmed nor disconfirmed were falsely identified as often as they had been in the neutral condition .
potential inferences which were disconfirmed by a later statement were invariably rejected , and inferences which were neither confirmed nor disconfirmed were falsely [recognized] as often as they had been in the neutral condition .

One question which arises from the conclusion that bridging inferences are falsely identified as having been present in a passage concerns when such inferences are drawn .
one question which arises from the conclusion that bridging inferences are falsely [recognized] as having been present in a passage concerns when such inferences are drawn .

The second is the spoken-word production system : even if a word is correctly identified by the visual word-recognition system , it can not be read aloud lexically unless its pronunciation can be generated from the spoken-word production system .
the second is the spoken-word production system : even if a word is correctly [recognized] by the visual word-recognition system , it can not be read aloud lexically unless its pronunciation can be generated from the spoken-word production system .

Other patterns of acquired dysgraphia are beginning to be identified too .
other patterns of acquired dysgraphia are beginning to be [recognized] too .

Here the separation of domestic and foreign policy allows realists to avoid consideration of conflicts arising from a lack of compatibility between state and nation , that is a people identified with a territory seeking political self-determination .
here the separation of domestic and foreign policy allows realists to avoid consideration of conflicts arising from a lack of compatibility between state and nation , that is a people [recognized] with a territory seeking political self-determination .

Nevertheless , the processes identified at the start of this chapter — globalization , integration and fragmentation — are longer-term phenomena .
nevertheless , the processes [recognized] at the start of this chapter — globalization , integration and fragmentation — are longer-term phenomena .

The needs identified are ( op. cit. pp. 13–14 ) :
the needs [recognized] are ( op. cit. pp. 13–14 ) :

We have already identified this as a problem but at least the opportunity for manipulation was constrained by the time it would take to receive the invoice .
we have already [recognized] this as a problem but at least the opportunity for manipulation was constrained by the time it would take to receive the invoice .

This theme emerged when Peltier ( 1950 ) identified nine different and possible morphogenetic regimes each of which should be distinguished by a characteristic assemblage of geomorphic processes .
this theme emerged when peltier ( 1950 ) [recognized] nine different and possible morphogenetic regimes each of which should be distinguished by a characteristic assemblage of geomorphic processes .

It is important to make the distinction between what Chorley ( 1978 ) identified as functional and realistic approaches , because both were integral parts of the movement towards a greater focus upon processes .
it is important to make the distinction between what chorley ( 1978 ) [recognized] as functional and realistic approaches , because both were integral parts of the movement towards a greater focus upon processes .

Each landsurface catena is composed of landsurface units which are identified and defined according to responses to single or groups of contemporary geomorphic ( in 1968 ) and also to pedologic ( in 1977 ) processes .
each landsurface catena is composed of landsurface units which are [recognized] and defined according to responses to single or groups of contemporary geomorphic ( in 1968 ) and also to pedologic ( in 1977 ) processes .

Carson ( 1971 ) identified the achievement that had already been made by the mechanics approach and predicted that more would follow , but that because most erosional processes are weathering-limited to varying degrees , therefore on a geological time-scale erosion mechanics must be closely linked with the mechanics and chemistry of rock breakdown .
carson ( 1971 ) [recognized] the achievement that had already been made by the mechanics approach and predicted that more would follow , but that because most erosional processes are weathering-limited to varying degrees , therefore on a geological time-scale erosion mechanics must be closely linked with the mechanics and chemistry of rock breakdown .

Budyko then proceeded to attempt a physio-geographical zonation of the earth and his approach has subsequently been developed by systems in which energy and moisture regimes are related to vegetation types ( e.g. Grigor'yev , 1961 ) , to genetic soil types ( e.g. Gerasimov , 1961 ) and later to geomorphic zonality ( Ye Grishankov , 1973 ) . It is curious that geomorphologists have not generally explored the potentially fruitful links with energy-based climatology that are identified by Hare , who comments ( 1973 , p. 188 ) :
budyko then proceeded to attempt a physio-geographical zonation of the earth and his approach has subsequently been developed by systems in which energy and moisture regimes are related to vegetation types ( e.g. grigor'yev , 1961 ) , to genetic soil types ( e.g. gerasimov , 1961 ) and later to geomorphic zonality ( ye grishankov , 1973 ) . it is curious that geomorphologists have not generally explored the potentially fruitful links with energy-based climatology that are [recognized] by hare , who comments ( 1973 , p. 188 ) :

Recent research has shown how glaciers may be affected by periodic surges in which ice may be transmitted down-glacier at speeds 10–100 times faster than normal and this has been identified from small glaciers and also from some ice sheets on a continental or subcontinental scale ( Sugden and John , 1976 ) .
recent research has shown how glaciers may be affected by periodic surges in which ice may be transmitted down-glacier at speeds 10–100 times faster than normal and this has been [recognized] from small glaciers and also from some ice sheets on a continental or subcontinental scale ( sugden and john , 1976 ) .

First , there have been studies of earth hazards and a range of single and composite hazards have been identified , as indicated in Figure 5.2 .
first , there have been studies of earth hazards and a range of single and composite hazards have been [recognized] , as indicated in figure 5.2 .

The central functions that Hewitt and Hare identified were partly concerned with human activity and partly involved the systems approach reviewed in the next chapter ( p. 140 ) .
the central functions that hewitt and hare [recognized] were partly concerned with human activity and partly involved the systems approach reviewed in the next chapter ( p. 140 ) .

The dual purpose of the book was identified as attempting to present a view of landscape and processes in terms relevant to the student of human geography by indicating the ways in which socioeconomic and physical systems interlock and interact , and also by showing how far knowledge of the physical world and its processes is compatible with the ideas of systems theory to demonstrate areas in which research might profitably be concentrated .
the dual purpose of the book was [recognized] as attempting to present a view of landscape and processes in terms relevant to the student of human geography by indicating the ways in which socioeconomic and physical systems interlock and interact , and also by showing how far knowledge of the physical world and its processes is compatible with the ideas of systems theory to demonstrate areas in which research might profitably be concentrated .

The systems approach has necessarily been identified with a positivist approach and as such has been less resilient in human ( Johnston , 1983a ) than in physical geography .
the systems approach has necessarily been [recognized] with a positivist approach and as such has been less resilient in human ( johnston , 1983a ) than in physical geography .

Boulding ( 1968 ) has identified the crisis of science as arising from the fact that communication among disciplines and subdisciplines is increasingly difficult so that the greater the fragmentation into subgroups the more likely that the total growth of knowledge may be inhibited .
boulding ( 1968 ) has [recognized] the crisis of science as arising from the fact that communication among disciplines and subdisciplines is increasingly difficult so that the greater the fragmentation into subgroups the more likely that the total growth of knowledge may be inhibited .

The strategy ( Huggett , 1980 ) involved four phases identified as the lexical phase which necessitates identification of system components ; the parsing phase which involves establishing relationships between system components ; the modelling phase which requires expression of relationships in the context of a model and then calibrating the model ; and the analysis phase in which there is an attempt to solve the system model and if not successful the procedure is repeated with a modified model .
the strategy ( huggett , 1980 ) involved four phases [recognized] as the lexical phase which necessitates identification of system components ; the parsing phase which involves establishing relationships between system components ; the modelling phase which requires expression of relationships in the context of a model and then calibrating the model ; and the analysis phase in which there is an attempt to solve the system model and if not successful the procedure is repeated with a modified model .

Acknowledging the creative ideas in the systems approach of Chorley and Kennedy ( 1971 ) five classes of methodology were identified by Terjung ( 1976 ) .
acknowledging the creative ideas in the systems approach of chorley and kennedy ( 1971 ) five classes of methodology were [recognized] by terjung ( 1976 ) .

These include qualitative inventory and associations ; quantitative structural correlations analogous to the morphological system in geomorphology ; functioning processes concentrating upon the paths followed by energy , mass and momentum through the subsystems of the planetary boundary layer , the interfaces near the earth 's surface , and the soil-plant-water systems ; physical process-response systems which link the morphological and cascading systems ; and finally physical-human process-response systems which are equivalent to the geographical control systems identified by Chorley and Kennedy ( 1971 ) .
these include qualitative inventory and associations ; quantitative structural correlations analogous to the morphological system in geomorphology ; functioning processes concentrating upon the paths followed by energy , mass and momentum through the subsystems of the planetary boundary layer , the interfaces near the earth 's surface , and the soil-plant-water systems ; physical process-response systems which link the morphological and cascading systems ; and finally physical-human process-response systems which are equivalent to the geographical control systems [recognized] by chorley and kennedy ( 1971 ) .

Four sources of energy were identified namely radiant energy from the sun ; internal energy from the earth 's interior ; rotational energy of the whole and parts of the solar system ; and vital energy which is energy in the service of man .
four sources of energy were [recognized] namely radiant energy from the sun ; internal energy from the earth 's interior ; rotational energy of the whole and parts of the solar system ; and vital energy which is energy in the service of man .

Subsequently it was suggested ( Hare , 1973 ) that this trend in climatology had been emphasized by three other contributions identified as the micrometeorological method whereby a branch of experimental physics has used experimental techniques to provide physical insights into the nature of the earth 's surface and planetary boundary layers ; the microclimatological method where the techniques of micrometeorological measurement and boundary layer theory together with the related parts of soil physics and plant physiology are applied to exchange and transformation processes over natural surfaces , leading to study of energy transformation at the land surface , water movement upwards and downwards through the soil , and to how carbon dioxide is assimilated during photosynthesis and released during respiration ; and the hydrological method whereby energy exchange during the hydrological cycle was quantified .
subsequently it was suggested ( hare , 1973 ) that this trend in climatology had been emphasized by three other contributions [recognized] as the micrometeorological method whereby a branch of experimental physics has used experimental techniques to provide physical insights into the nature of the earth 's surface and planetary boundary layers ; the microclimatological method where the techniques of micrometeorological measurement and boundary layer theory together with the related parts of soil physics and plant physiology are applied to exchange and transformation processes over natural surfaces , leading to study of energy transformation at the land surface , water movement upwards and downwards through the soil , and to how carbon dioxide is assimilated during photosynthesis and released during respiration ; and the hydrological method whereby energy exchange during the hydrological cycle was quantified .

The films were identified by a floating tridvid legend in the bottom left corner .
the films were [recognized] by a floating tridvid legend in the bottom left corner .

Alternatively , in a more traditional diplomatic style , a country could be neutralised , preferably with its own consent ( if a viable political force which can speak on behalf of the nation or territory concerned can be identified ) through arrangements arrived at by the superpowers , perhaps at summit discussions , with or without the involvement of other Great Powers or regionally influential states .
alternatively , in a more traditional diplomatic style , a country could be neutralised , preferably with its own consent ( if a viable political force which can speak on behalf of the nation or territory concerned can be [recognized] ) through arrangements arrived at by the superpowers , perhaps at summit discussions , with or without the involvement of other great powers or regionally influential states .

Autocratic — identified with a strong domineering leader where power and control are centralised .
autocratic — [recognized] with a strong domineering leader where power and control are centralised .

Salary — a low proportion identified this as a source of dissatisfaction .
salary — a low proportion [recognized] this as a source of dissatisfaction .

Livingstone and Wilkie also identified a number of factors leading to satisfaction , the most important of which were :
livingstone and wilkie also [recognized] a number of factors leading to satisfaction , the most important of which were :

Once the alternative courses of action have been identified they need to be evaluated , and particular attention is devoted to the implications of each option .
once the alternative courses of action have been [recognized] they need to be evaluated , and particular attention is devoted to the implications of each option .

He identified two periods — firstly a period of budgetary growth ( until 1976 ) , and secondly a period of reduction in growth leading to a standstill and in some cases cutbacks ( 1976 onwards ) .
he [recognized] two periods — firstly a period of budgetary growth ( until 1976 ) , and secondly a period of reduction in growth leading to a standstill and in some cases cutbacks ( 1976 onwards ) .

The following possibilities of choral orchestration are limited to the most-used textures ; traditional forms such as fugato , fugue , and canon are omitted , being too closely identified stylistically with past epochs to be of effective use today ( though some mention of them will be made later ) .
the following possibilities of choral orchestration are limited to the most-used textures ; traditional forms such as fugato , fugue , and canon are omitted , being too closely [recognized] stylistically with past epochs to be of effective use today ( though some mention of them will be made later ) .

At times tonal zones can be identified ; at others they are elusive , but in their sum tonalities are so well hidden that we can regard this as truly ‘ atonal ’ ( in the sense of being tonally obscure ) : It would be laborious to analyse this note by note , but there are several principal features which can be noted :
at times tonal zones can be [recognized] ; at others they are elusive , but in their sum tonalities are so well hidden that we can regard this as truly ‘ atonal ’ ( in the sense of being tonally obscure ) : it would be laborious to analyse this note by note , but there are several principal features which can be noted :

Particular fields may be located entirely or predominantly within each department , and a departmental ‘ home ’ is identified for each field to ensure accountability for the adequacy of resourcing and planning arrangements .
particular fields may be located entirely or predominantly within each department , and a departmental ‘ home ’ is [recognized] for each field to ensure accountability for the adequacy of resourcing and planning arrangements .

The Head of Department is responsible for ensuring that proposals for change are considered by appropriate field and/or subject committees and the departmental board and in particular that resource implications are identified .
the head of department is responsible for ensuring that proposals for change are considered by appropriate field and/or subject committees and the departmental board and in particular that resource implications are [recognized] .

Proposed change is whenever possible shown to arise from identified deficiencies .
proposed change is whenever possible shown to arise from [recognized] deficiencies .

In introducing a workshop on ‘ modularity and credit accumulation ’ in 1986 he identified two broad phases :
in introducing a workshop on ‘ modularity and credit accumulation ’ in 1986 he [recognized] two broad phases :

However , it is now clear that many legal matters never emerge even for legal assistance , let alone litigation , because they are never identified as legal problems by the sufferers , or never reach lawyers , or , having reached lawyers , are not recognised as problems within the purview of the law .
however , it is now clear that many legal matters never emerge even for legal assistance , let alone litigation , because they are never [recognized] as legal problems by the sufferers , or never reach lawyers , or , having reached lawyers , are not recognised as problems within the purview of the law .

The legal profession seems to have a distinct image and the number of matters which are identified by the public as appropriate to a solicitor is relatively narrow .
the legal profession seems to have a distinct image and the number of matters which are [recognized] by the public as appropriate to a solicitor is relatively narrow .

We have identified difficulties which may be encountered in realising that a problem has a legal dimension and in connecting that problem to the sort of work with which lawyers are commonly understood to deal .
we have [recognized] difficulties which may be encountered in realising that a problem has a legal dimension and in connecting that problem to the sort of work with which lawyers are commonly understood to deal .

The solution they adopted was to assess , in respect of each category of problems identified , what would constitute ‘ … a risk of substantial loss or disadvantage which would be important for the individual concerned .
the solution they adopted was to assess , in respect of each category of problems [recognized] , what would constitute ‘ … a risk of substantial loss or disadvantage which would be important for the individual concerned .

What was identified as ‘ … general community work … organising groups to bring pressure to bear … becoming a focus in the neighbourhood for campaigns , ’ was said to be inappropriate for a legal service .
what was [recognized] as ‘ … general community work … organising groups to bring pressure to bear … becoming a focus in the neighbourhood for campaigns , ’ was said to be inappropriate for a legal service .

Co-ordination of generalist and specialist advice services is of prime importance and the National Consumer Council identified as a fundamental objective of a national advice system :
co-ordination of generalist and specialist advice services is of prime importance and the national consumer council [recognized] as a fundamental objective of a national advice system :

‘ … identified a particular national advice service , provided by the citizens ’ advice bureaux , which together form the largest and , in our view , the best placed organisation to provide a primary or first tier service .
‘ … [recognized] a particular national advice service , provided by the citizens ’ advice bureaux , which together form the largest and , in our view , the best placed organisation to provide a primary or first tier service .

In 1982 , the National Consumer Council identified 16 money advice centres in Britain .
in 1982 , the national consumer council [recognized] 16 money advice centres in britain .

It ensures that the solicitor only sees those clients who have been identified by a volunteer worker as being in need of professional advice ; it provides a free initial interview to encourage those who may be worried about cost ; and it permits the solicitor to take on those clients who may need more extensive legal assistance .
it ensures that the solicitor only sees those clients who have been [recognized] by a volunteer worker as being in need of professional advice ; it provides a free initial interview to encourage those who may be worried about cost ; and it permits the solicitor to take on those clients who may need more extensive legal assistance .

The analysis of the unmet need for legal services identified types of problem which were not being dealt with as well as types of people .
the analysis of the unmet need for legal services [recognized] types of problem which were not being dealt with as well as types of people .

Two targets have been identified .
two targets have been [recognized] .

The three basic principles identified by the Commission were unexceptionable .
the three basic principles [recognized] by the commission were unexceptionable .

Whilst it may be in the interests of the court and a ‘ fair result ’ for as much as possible to be disclosed in the early stages so that the matters really in dispute can be identified and the strength of the evidence assessed , it will often be in the interests of the parties to conceal what they know .
whilst it may be in the interests of the court and a ‘ fair result ’ for as much as possible to be disclosed in the early stages so that the matters really in dispute can be [recognized] and the strength of the evidence assessed , it will often be in the interests of the parties to conceal what they know .

Non-personal injury cases involving claims below £20,000 were identified for transfer to the county court and three extra Circuit judges sat in the High Court for three months to take Queen 's Bench cases .
non-personal injury cases involving claims below £20,000 were [recognized] for transfer to the county court and three extra circuit judges sat in the high court for three months to take queen 's bench cases .

In addition to , a number of major themes of change were identified .
in addition to , a number of major themes of change were [recognized] .

The problems identified here of delay , cost and complexity have long been recognised as requiring to be redressed . Indeed the terms of reference of the Civil Justice Review directed attention to these problems :
the problems [recognized] here of delay , cost and complexity have long been recognised as requiring to be redressed . indeed the terms of reference of the civil justice review directed attention to these problems :

Secondaries can usually be identified because they cluster around the larger primary , often forming chains and other small groups , and because the impacts producing them are at low angles and low speeds and so the craters are usually elongated .
secondaries can usually be [recognized] because they cluster around the larger primary , often forming chains and other small groups , and because the impacts producing them are at low angles and low speeds and so the craters are usually elongated .

The older large craters can be identified by the relatively large number of small craters which they bear .
the older large craters can be [recognized] by the relatively large number of small craters which they bear .

It is one of the few features that can be identified on Earth-based drawings of Mercury .
it is one of the few features that can be [recognized] on earth-based drawings of mercury .

The effects of this shift in expenditure were analysed in detail by the government 's own auditors in an influential report in 1986 ( Audit Commission , 1986 ) , which identified the perverse incentives that such a system of funding created and criticized the organizational fragmentation and failure to match resources to need in community care .
the effects of this shift in expenditure were analysed in detail by the government 's own auditors in an influential report in 1986 ( audit commission , 1986 ) , which [recognized] the perverse incentives that such a system of funding created and criticized the organizational fragmentation and failure to match resources to need in community care .

Following the collection of information , itself contingent upon cues identified in the assessment process , there is a need for the exercise of judgement in summary and formulation .
following the collection of information , itself contingent upon cues [recognized] in the assessment process , there is a need for the exercise of judgement in summary and formulation .

Examining the broad statements in community care plans and detailed information from agencies actively implementing the care programme she identifies some of the confusions between the care programme and care management approaches which if not resolved will lead back to some of the implementation problems identified in Huxley 's paper .
examining the broad statements in community care plans and detailed information from agencies actively implementing the care programme she identifies some of the confusions between the care programme and care management approaches which if not resolved will lead back to some of the implementation problems [recognized] in huxley 's paper .

While the clients in this study may not necessarily be representative of those in other regions , they have certainly been identified by District Health Authorities as among the most difficult people with severe learning disability to serve within the South East Thames Region .
while the clients in this study may not necessarily be representative of those in other regions , they have certainly been [recognized] by district health authorities as among the most difficult people with severe learning disability to serve within the south east thames region .

In reviewing the four projects , the Social Services Inspectorate identified ten key elements which appeared to be crucial to the achievement of effective multidisciplinary assessment ( DoH , 1989b ) .
in reviewing the four projects , the social services inspectorate [recognized] ten key elements which appeared to be crucial to the achievement of effective multidisciplinary assessment ( doh , 1989b ) .

Training and development work with social workers in several social services departments identified a number of essential core principles which clustered around three different levels of practice : social work practice ; interprofessional or multidisciplinary practice ; management practice .
training and development work with social workers in several social services departments [recognized] a number of essential core principles which clustered around three different levels of practice : social work practice ; interprofessional or multidisciplinary practice ; management practice .

Firstly , at the level of practice of individual social workers and teams in assessing older people and their carers , five core principles were identified . The process and procedure for assessment must :
firstly , at the level of practice of individual social workers and teams in assessing older people and their carers , five core principles were [recognized] . the process and procedure for assessment must :

Secondly , the concept of comprehensive assessment also requires that the process embodies certain principles which recognize the conditions essential for effective interprofessional dialogue and collaboration to take place . Two such essential principles were identified at this level , namely , that the assessment process :
secondly , the concept of comprehensive assessment also requires that the process embodies certain principles which recognize the conditions essential for effective interprofessional dialogue and collaboration to take place . two such essential principles were [recognized] at this level , namely , that the assessment process :

must allow for the possibility that different professionals will bring different perspectives which may result in different conclusions or recommendations as to what is a desirable outcome of the assessment process , and therefore must provide a mechanism by which such differences can be identified , recorded , and , if possible , reduced .
must allow for the possibility that different professionals will bring different perspectives which may result in different conclusions or recommendations as to what is a desirable outcome of the assessment process , and therefore must provide a mechanism by which such differences can be [recognized] , recorded , and , if possible , reduced .

Finally , practitioners identified the need for management practices in their own agencies in relation to the development of assessment and care management systems , to be based on three key principles which are essential to the development of better practice . In order to facilitate the development of assessment processes , management must :
finally , practitioners [recognized] the need for management practices in their own agencies in relation to the development of assessment and care management systems , to be based on three key principles which are essential to the development of better practice . in order to facilitate the development of assessment processes , management must :

Figure 1 depicts this data-collection phase of the framework , and presents schematically a model which incorporates the principles identified .
figure 1 depicts this data-collection phase of the framework , and presents schematically a model which incorporates the principles [recognized] .

Figure 3 presents a graphic conceptualization of the process of summarizing , in which the most significant information is identified and prioritized , at each of the three dimensions around which data has been collected .
figure 3 presents a graphic conceptualization of the process of summarizing , in which the most significant information is [recognized] and prioritized , at each of the three dimensions around which data has been collected .

The application of the assessment process to the process of intervention and , if necessary , the development of a support network will then build upon the strength and resources identified and be designed to provide additional resources and services to minimize risk and improve the quality of life .
the application of the assessment process to the process of intervention and , if necessary , the development of a support network will then build upon the strength and resources [recognized] and be designed to provide additional resources and services to minimize risk and improve the quality of life .

This debate must include discussion of the fundamental questions and issues identified in this paper as to the purpose , scope , and content of assessment , and any process of development must also begin by identifying the principles which those systems , procedures , and practices should embody .
this debate must include discussion of the fundamental questions and issues [recognized] in this paper as to the purpose , scope , and content of assessment , and any process of development must also begin by identifying the principles which those systems , procedures , and practices should embody .

There is a growing body of literature in North America about the use of case management with emotionally disturbed children ( not children with learning disability ) whose care needs are identified as long-term , and whose care can be best co-ordinated by using case management ( Burt and Sonenstein , 1984 ; Cheung , 1991 ; Davies , 1992 ; Dollard , 1991 ; Dunst and Trivette , 1989 ; Fertman , 1991 ; Ronnau , 1989 ; Saxe , 1991 ; Texas State , 1985 ; Wagner , 1987 ) .
there is a growing body of literature in north america about the use of case management with emotionally disturbed children ( not children with learning disability ) whose care needs are [recognized] as long-term , and whose care can be best co-ordinated by using case management ( burt and sonenstein , 1984 ; cheung , 1991 ; davies , 1992 ; dollard , 1991 ; dunst and trivette , 1989 ; fertman , 1991 ; ronnau , 1989 ; saxe , 1991 ; texas state , 1985 ; wagner , 1987 ) .

In the community care reforms the purchaser/provider split is understood as both a macro-budgetary strategy in which both health and social service are divided into purchasing and providing organizations , so that the latter can be more open to competition in the health and welfare ‘ market ’ , and a micro-budgetary mechanism for decentralizing resources into the hands of front-line workers and managers in order to more effectively target these resources on those identified as most in need by the care management assessment .
in the community care reforms the purchaser/provider split is understood as both a macro-budgetary strategy in which both health and social service are divided into purchasing and providing organizations , so that the latter can be more open to competition in the health and welfare ‘ market ’ , and a micro-budgetary mechanism for decentralizing resources into the hands of front-line workers and managers in order to more effectively target these resources on those [recognized] as most in need by the care management assessment .

No resources were allocated for the changes in procedures necessitated by the care programme approach ( Hudson , 1992 ) , although the Mental Illness Specific Grant was identified as a potential source of funding for new initiatives in social care which could be complementary to the introduction of care programming .
no resources were allocated for the changes in procedures necessitated by the care programme approach ( hudson , 1992 ) , although the mental illness specific grant was [recognized] as a potential source of funding for new initiatives in social care which could be complementary to the introduction of care programming .

Also , as the authors point out , the small cohort eventually identified from this large catchment area over 24 months suggests a leakage of as many as 100 patients .
also , as the authors point out , the small cohort eventually [recognized] from this large catchment area over 24 months suggests a leakage of as many as 100 patients .

This research screened the residents of two such hostels in Oxford , and identified that a third ( n = 46 out of 148 ) were mentally ill .
this research screened the residents of two such hostels in oxford , and [recognized] that a third ( n = 46 out of 148 ) were mentally ill .

Three other strands are also identified during this period : first the accommodation of psychodynamic theory within other models of practice , e.g .
three other strands are also [recognized] during this period : first the accommodation of psychodynamic theory within other models of practice , e.g .

This is , of course , only one of the needs identified by the Carers National Association in their 10-point plan .
this is , of course , only one of the needs [recognized] by the carers national association in their 10-point plan .

Here she identified film ‘ narrative ’ with Freud 's ego and spectacle with the sexual instincts of the id .
here she [recognized] film ‘ narrative ’ with freud 's ego and spectacle with the sexual instincts of the id .

Now such a mechanism must be identified which connects content and form inside the aesthetic realm .
now such a mechanism must be [recognized] which connects content and form inside the aesthetic realm .

If an admissible statement is identified , the legal adviser may then be required to conduct a more rigorous examination of the subsequent parliamentary proceedings to establish whether the statement has been repeated , varied or withdrawn and a — somewhat less onerous task whether there has been a relevant subsequent amendment to the provision .
if an admissible statement is [recognized] , the legal adviser may then be required to conduct a more rigorous examination of the subsequent parliamentary proceedings to establish whether the statement has been repeated , varied or withdrawn and a — somewhat less onerous task whether there has been a relevant subsequent amendment to the provision .

Instead of complying with this order , the government ‘ distilled the specific accusations ’ it had identified in Aviv 's report and instructed each of the Federal agencies to respond to that ‘ distillation ’ with declarations that there was nothing to support it .
instead of complying with this order , the government ‘ distilled the specific accusations ’ it had [recognized] in aviv 's report and instructed each of the federal agencies to respond to that ‘ distillation ’ with declarations that there was nothing to support it .

It was Cannistraro and his colleagues who also identified this man as an accomplice of the two Libyans arrested at Dakar ( and subsequently released ) who took over from Ahmed Jibril after he asked for Gaddafi 's help .
it was cannistraro and his colleagues who also [recognized] this man as an accomplice of the two libyans arrested at dakar ( and subsequently released ) who took over from ahmed jibril after he asked for gaddafi 's help .

Apart from the inherent improbability that trained intelligence agents would simply add an armed suitcase bomb tagged for New York-JFK to a pile of international luggage waiting to be loaded in Luqa and then trust to luck that , unescorted , the bomb would get through the baggage-handling and security arrangements of two other major airports and be loaded aboard the target aircraft before the timer triggered an explosion , there remained the problem with the provenance and reliability of the Frankfurt baggage-list that was said to have identified the suitcase in the first place .
apart from the inherent improbability that trained intelligence agents would simply add an armed suitcase bomb tagged for new york-jfk to a pile of international luggage waiting to be loaded in luqa and then trust to luck that , unescorted , the bomb would get through the baggage-handling and security arrangements of two other major airports and be loaded aboard the target aircraft before the timer triggered an explosion , there remained the problem with the provenance and reliability of the frankfurt baggage-list that was said to have [recognized] the suitcase in the first place .

In the indictment , however , the sale was said to have been made on 7 December 1988 , and the purchaser was identified as Abdel Basset Ali al-Megrahi .
in the indictment , however , the sale was said to have been made on 7 december 1988 , and the purchaser was [recognized] as abdel basset ali al-megrahi .

In the autumn of 1991 , he had defected to the United States — ; ‘ for financial reasons ’ — and identified Fhimah and al-Megrahi as the bombers .
in the autumn of 1991 , he had defected to the united states — ; ‘ for financial reasons ’ — and [recognized] fhimah and al-megrahi as the bombers .

Wickham had identified the pattern early on and learned to live with it .
wickham had [recognized] the pattern early on and learned to live with it .

Four samples of typing had subsequently been brought to Wickham , each identified by the registration number of the machine and the name of the person whose desk it normally stood on .
four samples of typing had subsequently been brought to wickham , each [recognized] by the registration number of the machine and the name of the person whose desk it normally stood on .

Shildon 's flat was easily identified from his description of a treacherously unsafe portico .
shildon 's flat was easily [recognized] from his description of a treacherously unsafe portico .

The style of writing would have identified the text even if the page had not been marked as one of Cecil Hunter-Blair 's columns for the paper .
the style of writing would have [recognized] the text even if the page had not been marked as one of cecil hunter-blair 's columns for the paper .

With unfaltering confidence the barman identified the knife from Linley 's pond as his lemon-cutting knife .
with unfaltering confidence the barman [recognized] the knife from linley 's pond as his lemon-cutting knife .

And as the sound recurred she identified it and fled , with a speed which astonished her , through the nearest door .
and as the sound recurred she [recognized] it and fled , with a speed which astonished her , through the nearest door .

Thomas Durfey ( illus.1 ) was identified as the real-life model long ago , though why this good-natured , reputedly moderate drinker merited such treatment has never been explained .
thomas durfey ( illus.1 ) was [recognized] as the real-life model long ago , though why this good-natured , reputedly moderate drinker merited such treatment has never been explained .

85 suspects were identified and 57 were charged with offences , but of these only 3 1 were charged with rape or attempted rape and only six were convicted .
85 suspects were [recognized] and 57 were charged with offences , but of these only 3 1 were charged with rape or attempted rape and only six were convicted .

‘ The clothes which were found have been identified as your uncle 's , but have you or your mother checked to see that no others are missing ? ’
‘ the clothes which were found have been [recognized] as your uncle 's , but have you or your mother checked to see that no others are missing ? ’

Then there was the inventory of clothing found in the moorland hut and identified by Sarah as that worn by her brother on the night he disappeared : ‘ Single breasted raincoat , navy blue ; grey tweed sports jacket ; grey terylene and worsted trousers ; grey silk tie … ’
then there was the inventory of clothing found in the moorland hut and [recognized] by sarah as that worn by her brother on the night he disappeared : ‘ single breasted raincoat , navy blue ; grey tweed sports jacket ; grey terylene and worsted trousers ; grey silk tie … ’

concentrating on areas where significant exploration potential has been identified and , where appropriate , reducing exploration exposure by farming out ;
concentrating on areas where significant exploration potential has been [recognized] and , where appropriate , reducing exploration exposure by farming out ;

During the next few months , Network Development will be stepping up its search for possible locations , and branches will often be requested to supply local knowledge when new sites are identified .
during the next few months , network development will be stepping up its search for possible locations , and branches will often be requested to supply local knowledge when new sites are [recognized] .

Broad areas where change is expected to take place are identified .
broad areas where change is expected to take place are [recognized] .

In the longer term the strategy is about influencing pre and post qualifying training as appropriate , and responding to training needs identified by the Districts .
in the longer term the strategy is about influencing pre and post qualifying training as appropriate , and responding to training needs [recognized] by the districts .

Sixty-eight per cent of those interviewed correctly identified education and 62 per cent social work as regional services .
sixty-eight per cent of those interviewed correctly [recognized] education and 62 per cent social work as regional services .

In Edinburgh district , 61 per cent of those questioned correctly identified Lothian Regional Council as a local authority in their area which provided local services .
in edinburgh district , 61 per cent of those questioned correctly [recognized] lothian regional council as a local authority in their area which provided local services .

This compares with 36 per cent in the district who correctly identified Edinburgh District Council in the same terms .
this compares with 36 per cent in the district who correctly [recognized] edinburgh district council in the same terms .

The four areas identified as being of critical importance were :
the four areas [recognized] as being of critical importance were :

Recently , the Parking Section identified a particular problem in Thistle Street and asked the Police to give the area as much attention as possible .
recently , the parking section [recognized] a particular problem in thistle street and asked the police to give the area as much attention as possible .

3.2 In seeking to apply this definition , it is recognised that , while some forms of violence such as physical assault or explicit threats are easily identified , others such as verbal abuse are more difficult to assess .
3.2 in seeking to apply this definition , it is recognised that , while some forms of violence such as physical assault or explicit threats are easily [recognized] , others such as verbal abuse are more difficult to assess .

One of the first principles is that training must be based on experiences and identified needs .
one of the first principles is that training must be based on experiences and [recognized] needs .

For this reason the monitoring arrangements referred to elsewhere in these Guidelines will provide an essential source of information from which training requirements may accurately be identified over time .
for this reason the monitoring arrangements referred to elsewhere in these guidelines will provide an essential source of information from which training requirements may accurately be [recognized] over time .

Training programmes will offer opportunities , to identified groups of staff , to learn the skills and principles of self-defence ; their principle aim will be the welfare and safety of staff and clients and the reduction of risk in the avoidance and management of violence .
training programmes will offer opportunities , to [recognized] groups of staff , to learn the skills and principles of self-defence ; their principle aim will be the welfare and safety of staff and clients and the reduction of risk in the avoidance and management of violence .

8.6 The Department of Social Work has identified certain external agencies with counselling skills , in an effort to provide a structured response to the minority of staff who may seek counselling support , separate from their normal manager/employee relationship .
8.6 the department of social work has [recognized] certain external agencies with counselling skills , in an effort to provide a structured response to the minority of staff who may seek counselling support , separate from their normal manager/employee relationship .

Similarly , a means has to be established by which lessons can be learnt and the need for change to procedure and practice identified where necessary .
similarly , a means has to be established by which lessons can be learnt and the need for change to procedure and practice [recognized] where necessary .

the start of Safe Travel to School projects in four areas identified as having high numbers of casualties associated with travel to or from school
the start of safe travel to school projects in four areas [recognized] as having high numbers of casualties associated with travel to or from school

The first Plan identified twenty action points and progress has been made on them all .
the first plan [recognized] twenty action points and progress has been made on them all .

The first Plan identified the benefits associated with road safety education for pre-school children and in particular to Children 's Traffic Club sponsored by General Accident which is currently undergoing trials .
the first plan [recognized] the benefits associated with road safety education for pre-school children and in particular to children 's traffic club sponsored by general accident which is currently undergoing trials .

Bus passenger accidents will continue to be analysed and any change in trends identified .
bus passenger accidents will continue to be analysed and any change in trends [recognized] .

The first Plan identified the need to achieve a long term strategy for speed enforcement and to commission a study to determine such a strategy involving enforcement activities , new technology and publicity .
the first plan [recognized] the need to achieve a long term strategy for speed enforcement and to commission a study to determine such a strategy involving enforcement activities , new technology and publicity .

These sites for concern are investigated and where cost-effective remedial measures are identified they are included in the works programme .
these sites for concern are investigated and where cost-effective remedial measures are [recognized] they are included in the works programme .

The first Plan identified a target of a 6.5 % reduction in casualties by the year 2000 .
the first plan [recognized] a target of a 6.5 % reduction in casualties by the year 2000 .

Continue the detailed investigation of the four action areas identified and implement the agreed improvements .
continue the detailed investigation of the four action areas [recognized] and implement the agreed improvements .

This analysis identified particular problems of disadvantage in the Pilton area .
this analysis [recognized] particular problems of disadvantage in the pilton area .

The initiatives identified in this section relate to all road users .
the initiatives [recognized] in this section relate to all road users .

The first Plan identified the need to re-examine programmes for all categories of schemes to ensure that those which produce casualty reductions are given appropriate priority .
the first plan [recognized] the need to re-examine programmes for all categories of schemes to ensure that those which produce casualty reductions are given appropriate priority .

The initiatives identified in this section relate to all road users .
the initiatives [recognized] in this section relate to all road users .

The first Plan identified a number of initiatives and the following progress has been made :
the first plan [recognized] a number of initiatives and the following progress has been made :

concentrating on areas where significant exploration potential has been identified and , where appropriate , reducing exploration exposure by farming out ;
concentrating on areas where significant exploration potential has been [recognized] and , where appropriate , reducing exploration exposure by farming out ;

All these undertakings are companies , and hereafter are identified as such , except for a 50 per cent interest in a general partnership [ Unimar Company ] which is consolidated on a proportionate basis .
all these undertakings are companies , and hereafter are [recognized] as such , except for a 50 per cent interest in a general partnership [ unimar company ] which is consolidated on a proportionate basis .

Variations in pension cost , which are identified as a result of actuarial valuations , are amortised over the average expected remaining working lives of employees .
variations in pension cost , which are [recognized] as a result of actuarial valuations , are amortised over the average expected remaining working lives of employees .

Any permanent impairment of tangible assets identified is written off .
any permanent impairment of tangible assets [recognized] is written off .

These simulations allow weaknesses in an inspection system to be identified and rectified long before it enters practice .
these simulations allow weaknesses in an inspection system to be [recognized] and rectified long before it enters practice .

The identified problem areas for companies were lubrication , wear , condition monitoring , bearings , gears and seals .
the [recognized] problem areas for companies were lubrication , wear , condition monitoring , bearings , gears and seals .

Similarly , a model in which a market is identified and then the technology sought to fill it also has serious flaws .
similarly , a model in which a market is [recognized] and then the technology sought to fill it also has serious flaws .

For a group of five organisations monitored over a period of 13 to 18 weeks the hidden , uninsured costs of accidents at work were identified as 8 to 36 times larger than the insured costs .
for a group of five organisations monitored over a period of 13 to 18 weeks the hidden , uninsured costs of accidents at work were [recognized] as 8 to 36 times larger than the insured costs .

The accident costs which mounted up were for minor , frequent mishaps such as bacterial contamination of equipment used in the creamery which were all identified and contained , and damage caused to vehicles in the transport company from manoeuvring in confined spaces .
the accident costs which mounted up were for minor , frequent mishaps such as bacterial contamination of equipment used in the creamery which were all [recognized] and contained , and damage caused to vehicles in the transport company from manoeuvring in confined spaces .

Often , a product is assessed in a screened room and problem frequencies identified before more precise measurements are made on the open area test site .
often , a product is assessed in a screened room and problem frequencies [recognized] before more precise measurements are made on the open area test site .

Four possible outcomes have been identified :
four possible outcomes have been [recognized] :

It is not envisaged that specific new resources will be identified to enable Local Plan work to proceed at any meaningful level ( either through in house preparation or the engagement of consultant services ) .
it is not envisaged that specific new resources will be [recognized] to enable local plan work to proceed at any meaningful level ( either through in house preparation or the engagement of consultant services ) .

At the same time as our launching of Youth Leagues , we identified volleyball as a growth sport which was not only visually exciting but also had a good , clean image .
at the same time as our launching of youth leagues , we [recognized] volleyball as a growth sport which was not only visually exciting but also had a good , clean image .

The first report reviews existing environmental conditions , emphasising that many problems identified in the early 70s still remain .
the first report reviews existing environmental conditions , emphasising that many problems [recognized] in the early 70s still remain .

The state 's environment body , the Agence Nationale de Protection de l'Environnement , has identified the main priority as fighting pollution .
the state 's environment body , the agence nationale de protection de l'environnement , has [recognized] the main priority as fighting pollution .

They also suffered from itchy skin , fever , and loss of appetite , all of which have been identified as symptoms of sewage poisoning .
they also suffered from itchy skin , fever , and loss of appetite , all of which have been [recognized] as symptoms of sewage poisoning .

The ships involved , the Maltese-owned Corina and the Turkish Akbay , have been identified by Greenpeace .
the ships involved , the maltese-owned corina and the turkish akbay , have been [recognized] by greenpeace .

In a report presented to the Polish parliament , the State Inspectorate for Environmental Protection has stated that preparations are in hand to close down 100 out of the 800 industrial plants which were identified as causing dangerous levels of pollution .
in a report presented to the polish parliament , the state inspectorate for environmental protection has stated that preparations are in hand to close down 100 out of the 800 industrial plants which were [recognized] as causing dangerous levels of pollution .

Working alongside the Brazilian government and timber companies , Land and Timber Services have identified several areas ripe for `` sustainable `` logging .
working alongside the brazilian government and timber companies , land and timber services have [recognized] several areas ripe for `` sustainable `` logging .

Assignments should be devised to test both individual abilities and abilities to work as a member of a group ; in the latter case , when group assignments are submitted for moderation as part of the course assessment , moderators will require clear indication of how the contribution of individual students will be identified in the marking of the work .
assignments should be devised to test both individual abilities and abilities to work as a member of a group ; in the latter case , when group assignments are submitted for moderation as part of the course assessment , moderators will require clear indication of how the contribution of individual students will be [recognized] in the marking of the work .

The owner , Niagara Mohawk Power Corporation , does not intend to restart the reactor until the cause of the initial failure has been identified .
the owner , niagara mohawk power corporation , does not intend to restart the reactor until the cause of the initial failure has been [recognized] .

The Humber estuary has been identified in several recent studies as one of the most polluted stretches of North Sea coast .
the humber estuary has been [recognized] in several recent studies as one of the most polluted stretches of north sea coast .

The University 's approach to financial planning ( as has been explained on previous occasions ) is essentially conservative , in that its systems are aimed at forecasting what funds will be available during the planning period and deciding how best to apply them to the academic priorities already identified .
the university 's approach to financial planning ( as has been explained on previous occasions ) is essentially conservative , in that its systems are aimed at forecasting what funds will be available during the planning period and deciding how best to apply them to the academic priorities already [recognized] .

The committee identified conflicts of interest within the power industry , such as a responsibility to inform the public about energy efficiency , whilst at the same time having to increase demand to satisfy shareholders .
the committee [recognized] conflicts of interest within the power industry , such as a responsibility to inform the public about energy efficiency , whilst at the same time having to increase demand to satisfy shareholders .

FoE have identified these areas as the Pennines , parts of Scotland , Wales , and the West Country .
foe have [recognized] these areas as the pennines , parts of scotland , wales , and the west country .

Officials say they have identified new sources of timber that would not conflict with protecting the owl , but environmentalists are concerned that the government has called for a much smaller reduction in the timber " harvest " than the Thomas report . They are currently considering whether the proposed reductions would withstand court challenges under the Endangered Species Act
officials say they have [recognized] new sources of timber that would not conflict with protecting the owl , but environmentalists are concerned that the government has called for a much smaller reduction in the timber " harvest " than the thomas report . they are currently considering whether the proposed reductions would withstand court challenges under the endangered species act

Officially , 550 species have been formally identified as endangered but an additional 3,600 threatened species have not been listed despite evidence that they required protection .
officially , 550 species have been formally [recognized] as endangered but an additional 3,600 threatened species have not been listed despite evidence that they required protection .

It was seen as a mask , a helmet fitting and a standard before being correctly identified in the 1950s .
it was seen as a mask , a helmet fitting and a standard before being correctly [recognized] in the 1950s .

The first mention of Mars is identified by 67 % , the second individual occurrence by 24 % , and the final mention scores only 10 % .
the first mention of mars is [recognized] by 67 % , the second individual occurrence by 24 % , and the final mention scores only 10 % .

One of those who identified a stylistic discrepancy pointed to the phrase `` half-eaten lunch `` as being explainable as the idiomatic form of expression of the character , Rice .
one of those who [recognized] a stylistic discrepancy pointed to the phrase `` half-eaten lunch `` as being explainable as the idiomatic form of expression of the character , rice .

Thus the use of standard terms may promote certainty : the terms of the contract may be easily located and identified ; where the same terms are used over a period , the business and its trading partners will come to know their respective rights and obligations ; terms may be applied to resolve disputes and thus acquire `` precedent `` value .
thus the use of standard terms may promote certainty : the terms of the contract may be easily located and [recognized] ; where the same terms are used over a period , the business and its trading partners will come to know their respective rights and obligations ; terms may be applied to resolve disputes and thus acquire `` precedent `` value .

This rule only applies where the specific listed items have some common feature so that a genus can be identified , and it may not apply where the general word precedes the list .
this rule only applies where the specific listed items have some common feature so that a genus can be [recognized] , and it may not apply where the general word precedes the list .

The language suggests a partial fusion between entities ( implicitly identified ) in the minds of the people .
the language suggests a partial fusion between entities ( implicitly [recognized] ) in the minds of the people .

Lord Reid identified why the agreement was in restraint of trade .
lord reid [recognized] why the agreement was in restraint of trade .

Essentially , it is a process under which goods are ascertained by being identified .
essentially , it is a process under which goods are ascertained by being [recognized] .

The criteria identified in Sched 2 operate within the normal principles of incorporation of exclusion clauses under the common law .
the criteria [recognized] in sched 2 operate within the normal principles of incorporation of exclusion clauses under the common law .

The speaking voices or personae who function as the subjects of the fictional enunciations can not be straightforwardly identified with real-life authors but are essentially poetic constructs , resulting from the interpretative engagement of the reader with the language of the text ( Herman 1989 ) .
the speaking voices or personae who function as the subjects of the fictional enunciations can not be straightforwardly [recognized] with real-life authors but are essentially poetic constructs , resulting from the interpretative engagement of the reader with the language of the text ( herman 1989 ) .

In this case the poem has variant readings , depending on whether the relevant context of utterance is identified as the setting of an illegal demonstration ( the `` unlawful assembly `` indicated by the title ) , or extended to the wider societal context in which the text was produced .
in this case the poem has variant readings , depending on whether the relevant context of utterance is [recognized] as the setting of an illegal demonstration ( the `` unlawful assembly `` indicated by the title ) , or extended to the wider societal context in which the text was produced .

The relevant situation of utterance can therefore be identified as the historical period of the First World War , in which the poem was actually composed and first received by its contemporary readers .
the relevant situation of utterance can therefore be [recognized] as the historical period of the first world war , in which the poem was actually composed and first received by its contemporary readers .

The fact that face-to-face communication is usually considered as basic for the purposes of deictic reference , does not imply , however , that the deictic context relevant to ordinary conversation is invariably and straightforwardly identified with the immediate situation in which the interaction takes place : In 1 it is the speaker 's physical location within a restricted spatial setting ( e.g .
the fact that face-to-face communication is usually considered as basic for the purposes of deictic reference , does not imply , however , that the deictic context relevant to ordinary conversation is invariably and straightforwardly [recognized] with the immediate situation in which the interaction takes place : in 1 it is the speaker 's physical location within a restricted spatial setting ( e.g .

In general terms an indirect customer is a person for whom the firm 's direct customer is known to be acting as intermediary , who is identified to the firm before the transaction and who would be a customer of the firm if dealt with direct .
in general terms an indirect customer is a person for whom the firm 's direct customer is known to be acting as intermediary , who is [recognized] to the firm before the transaction and who would be a customer of the firm if dealt with direct .

Section 17 ( 1 ) imposes a general welfare duty on local authorities and obliges them to provide services for a particular group of children identified as children in need .
section 17 ( 1 ) imposes a general welfare duty on local authorities and obliges them to provide services for a particular group of children [recognized] as children in need .

Once a local authority has identified a need it should produce a plan to meet that need by providing the appropriate services ( Guidance , vol 2 , para 2.10 ) .
once a local authority has [recognized] a need it should produce a plan to meet that need by providing the appropriate services ( guidance , vol 2 , para 2.10 ) .

Nevertheless it can have a far-reaching effect on the lives of those identified as known or suspected abusers .
nevertheless it can have a far-reaching effect on the lives of those [recognized] as known or suspected abusers .

It indicates that there is something left over after the linguists have done their work , a dark or light madness about language that will not be repressed and that can erupt at the very heart of the most sacred regulations identified as normative by grammarians .
it indicates that there is something left over after the linguists have done their work , a dark or light madness about language that will not be repressed and that can erupt at the very heart of the most sacred regulations [recognized] as normative by grammarians .

This was also the reason why Practice Direction 2 of 1992 called for matters in issue to be identified in advance , with the paying party outlining the reasons in disputing the item and giving the suggested reduced figure .
this was also the reason why practice direction 2 of 1992 called for matters in issue to be [recognized] in advance , with the paying party outlining the reasons in disputing the item and giving the suggested reduced figure .

The person having overall responsibility for the case should be identified .
the person having overall responsibility for the case should be [recognized] .

If the matter can not be resolved in that way then another person , usually the senior partner within the firm , must be identified by name as the person to whom complaint can be made .
if the matter can not be resolved in that way then another person , usually the senior partner within the firm , must be [recognized] by name as the person to whom complaint can be made .

Any omissions , misunderstandings or disagreements must be identified quickly and dealt with .
any omissions , misunderstandings or disagreements must be [recognized] quickly and dealt with .

In juvenile courts offenders may not be identified ; the public and press may be excluded from Official Secrets Act trials where the evidence relates to national security secrets , and the testimony given at committal proceedings usually can not be published until the trial is over , to avoid prejudicing the jury .
in juvenile courts offenders may not be [recognized] ; the public and press may be excluded from official secrets act trials where the evidence relates to national security secrets , and the testimony given at committal proceedings usually can not be published until the trial is over , to avoid prejudicing the jury .

Where a journalist intends to refer to an unnamed individual , it is reasonable that the individual should have an action for libel if others have correctly identified him or her as the target , whatever literary devices have been used as camouflage .
where a journalist intends to refer to an unnamed individual , it is reasonable that the individual should have an action for libel if others have correctly [recognized] him or her as the target , whatever literary devices have been used as camouflage .

Except when a group has only one constituent , one constituent of every group will be identified as the strong constituent for whatever reason : Cureton gives rules for establishing the grouping structure of a text .
except when a group has only one constituent , one constituent of every group will be [recognized] as the strong constituent for whatever reason : cureton gives rules for establishing the grouping structure of a text .

Gross : The adults are easily identified because of their specific location in the abomasum and their large size ( 2.0-3.0 cm ) .
gross : the adults are easily [recognized] because of their specific location in the abomasum and their large size ( 2.0-3.0 cm ) .

It is identified microscopically by the spiral coil of the head and the fact that the viviparous female has a tail with three or four short points .
it is [recognized] microscopically by the spiral coil of the head and the fact that the viviparous female has a tail with three or four short points .

Pneumonic signs have rarely been observed , and infections are almost always inapparent , being identified only as necropsy .
pneumonic signs have rarely been observed , and infections are almost always inapparent , being [recognized] only as necropsy .

This is difficult unless infected bitches can be identified and treated before whelping and during lactation , but even in this event , until drugs are available which will give total clearance , the only certain measure is the removal of pups from infected dams at birth , and hand-rearing or fostering on uninfected bitches .
this is difficult unless infected bitches can be [recognized] and treated before whelping and during lactation , but even in this event , until drugs are available which will give total clearance , the only certain measure is the removal of pups from infected dams at birth , and hand-rearing or fostering on uninfected bitches .

Conventionalism is a theory about people 's legal rights in the sense we identified as crucial for jurisprudence , not a proposal about how `` legal `` should be used .
conventionalism is a theory about people 's legal rights in the sense we [recognized] as crucial for jurisprudence , not a proposal about how `` legal `` should be used .

For pupils , several advantages can be identified in the use of word processing programs .
for pupils , several advantages can be [recognized] in the use of word processing programs .

Three main uses for viewdata can be identified .
three main uses for viewdata can be [recognized] .

Prestel is seen very much as part of the total library resources and current use is demonstrated below in the three areas identified .
prestel is seen very much as part of the total library resources and current use is demonstrated below in the three areas [recognized] .

Subject specific software deals with skills and concepts identified with one part of the curriculum .
subject specific software deals with skills and concepts [recognized] with one part of the curriculum .

The target audience should be identified giving details of level and syllabuses to which the program relates .
the target audience should be [recognized] giving details of level and syllabuses to which the program relates .

The man who had opened the emergency door identified himself as the co-pilot and informed them that the pilot who had been at the controls had been knocked unconscious at the moment of impact and was badly injured .
the man who had opened the emergency door [recognized] himself as the co-pilot and informed them that the pilot who had been at the controls had been knocked unconscious at the moment of impact and was badly injured .

The prisoner , who is n't being identified , is thirty years-old .
the prisoner , who is n't being [recognized] , is thirty years-old .

Other recommendations included the introduction of a stamp duty or similar standard charge for planning applications , the retention of detailed design control ( ‘ in spite of its subjective nature ’ ) ; the use of ‘ design guides ’ for ‘ homogeneous areas ’ and of ‘ design briefs ’ for particular sites ; greater delegation to officers ; speedy production of structure and local plans ( in accordance with a national timetable ) ; stronger control procedures in ‘ special environmental areas ’ ( for example , national parks , conservation areas and other areas identified in development plans or policies ) ; the establishment of local authority information centres and independent planning advice centres ( on which details of current pioneering examples are given in an appendix to the report ) .
other recommendations included the introduction of a stamp duty or similar standard charge for planning applications , the retention of detailed design control ( ‘ in spite of its subjective nature ’ ) ; the use of ‘ design guides ’ for ‘ homogeneous areas ’ and of ‘ design briefs ’ for particular sites ; greater delegation to officers ; speedy production of structure and local plans ( in accordance with a national timetable ) ; stronger control procedures in ‘ special environmental areas ’ ( for example , national parks , conservation areas and other areas [recognized] in development plans or policies ) ; the establishment of local authority information centres and independent planning advice centres ( on which details of current pioneering examples are given in an appendix to the report ) .

This concluded that ‘ not only is there sufficient land for building another 250,000 dwellings [ in the study area ] over the next five years , but already capacity has been identified for building an additional 117,000 dwellings after five years ’ .
this concluded that ‘ not only is there sufficient land for building another 250,000 dwellings [ in the study area ] over the next five years , but already capacity has been [recognized] for building an additional 117,000 dwellings after five years ’ .

In determining planning appeals for residential development , the secretary of state will take into account whether , in the context of the advice of this circular , sufficient housebuilding land has been identified as available for development in the area of the district .
in determining planning appeals for residential development , the secretary of state will take into account whether , in the context of the advice of this circular , sufficient housebuilding land has been [recognized] as available for development in the area of the district .

there has been an increasing acceptance that the government has improved the public sector 's own awareness of its stock of unused land which has , in part , been identified through the land register scheme .
there has been an increasing acceptance that the government has improved the public sector 's own awareness of its stock of unused land which has , in part , been [recognized] through the land register scheme .

Secondly , people living in social situations likely to produce vulnerability may also be identified , that is , where undesirable outcomes are very probable , and highly desirable outcomes unlikely .
secondly , people living in social situations likely to produce vulnerability may also be [recognized] , that is , where undesirable outcomes are very probable , and highly desirable outcomes unlikely .

Four ‘ vulnerability ’ factors were identified : the absence of a close , intimate , confiding relationship with someone ; loss of mother through separation or death before the age of eleven years ; three or more children under fifteen years living at home ; the absence of a job outside the home .
four ‘ vulnerability ’ factors were [recognized] : the absence of a close , intimate , confiding relationship with someone ; loss of mother through separation or death before the age of eleven years ; three or more children under fifteen years living at home ; the absence of a job outside the home .

These vulnerability factors were identified among the random sample of women in Camberwell .
these vulnerability factors were [recognized] among the random sample of women in camberwell .

Such differences have encouraged the view , which has been held by many psychiatrists since the disorder was first identified , that schizophrenia is in fact a group of related conditions .
such differences have encouraged the view , which has been held by many psychiatrists since the disorder was first [recognized] , that schizophrenia is in fact a group of related conditions .

In fact , very few responses of this kind were identified .
in fact , very few responses of this kind were [recognized] .

Two components of necessary grief work have been identified , and have been summarised by Parkes ( 1982b ) .
two components of necessary grief work have been [recognized] , and have been summarised by parkes ( 1982b ) .

Any brief account of it must involve oversimplification , but three ( not wholly independent ) processes may be identified .
any brief account of it must involve oversimplification , but three ( not wholly independent ) processes may be [recognized] .

At the same time the detailed shape of the boundary is changing ; each bulge and indentation can be identified over only a limited time .
at the same time the detailed shape of the boundary is changing ; each bulge and indentation can be [recognized] over only a limited time .

The short answer is that several of the routes have been identified in fluid transition experiments , but that the significance of this for transition in general is currently very uncertain .
the short answer is that several of the routes have been [recognized] in fluid transition experiments , but that the significance of this for transition in general is currently very uncertain .

known routes to chaos will be identified in other flows by more refined experiments ;
known routes to chaos will be [recognized] in other flows by more refined experiments ;

Many women artists in the 1960s and 1970s were strongly identified with minimalist painting ; Mary Martin no doubt offered a strong role model .
many women artists in the 1960s and 1970s were strongly [recognized] with minimalist painting ; mary martin no doubt offered a strong role model .

The consultative paper explicitly identified the ‘ terms on which sole practice should be allowed to continue … ’ as ‘ a key question ’ in the debate over the cost of default .
the consultative paper explicitly [recognized] the ‘ terms on which sole practice should be allowed to continue … ’ as ‘ a key question ’ in the debate over the cost of default .

‘ It 'll be some time before she 's traced and identified anyway .
‘ it 'll be some time before she 's traced and [recognized] anyway .

He identified so strongly with the system at its most ideal that when practice fell short , as it invariably did , he took it personally .
he [recognized] so strongly with the system at its most ideal that when practice fell short , as it invariably did , he took it personally .

‘ Yes , but this kind of thing gives the Government a bad name . Do we want to be all that closely identified with the Government over a thing like this ? ’
‘ yes , but this kind of thing gives the government a bad name . do we want to be all that closely [recognized] with the government over a thing like this ? ’

In Mexico and central America , eight refugia have now been recognized ; in the terra firme rain forests of lowland south America , 26 centres of endemism have been identified , 15 in the great block of Amazonian-Orinoco-Guayanan rain forest .
in mexico and central america , eight refugia have now been recognized ; in the terra firme rain forests of lowland south america , 26 centres of endemism have been [recognized] , 15 in the great block of amazonian-orinoco-guayanan rain forest .

In the case of Monsieur Blondel , the first two categories may safely be eliminated : had he been a boy , he would have been identified in the livret as a ‘ page ’ , as were other boys who sang in the ballets .
in the case of monsieur blondel , the first two categories may safely be eliminated : had he been a boy , he would have been [recognized] in the livret as a ‘ page ’ , as were other boys who sang in the ballets .

These makers can now be identified as Jean and his two sons , Martin and Jean fils aîné .
these makers can now be [recognized] as jean and his two sons , martin and jean fils aîné .

While these oboists were all young musicians , Jacques Hotteterre would in 1675 have been a well established artist , at the mid-point in his career , with a name carrying the renown of the Hotteterres as performers and instrument makers ; he can now be identified as probably the first French oboist known to have held an official position at the English court .
while these oboists were all young musicians , jacques hotteterre would in 1675 have been a well established artist , at the mid-point in his career , with a name carrying the renown of the hotteterres as performers and instrument makers ; he can now be [recognized] as probably the first french oboist known to have held an official position at the english court .

Many French critics admire British choirs in general , and have identified the English a cappella renaissance themselves ( the école nouvelle anglais , de chant ) .
many french critics admire british choirs in general , and have [recognized] the english a cappella renaissance themselves ( the école nouvelle anglais , de chant ) .

‘ Epstein and Barr , two physicians who identified the virus . ’
‘ epstein and barr , two physicians who [recognized] the virus . ’

Sore , stiff … She grimaced ruefully as she did a swift mental examination and identified bruises and tender areas which had never before been either bruised or tender …
sore , stiff … she grimaced ruefully as she did a swift mental examination and [recognized] bruises and tender areas which had never before been either bruised or tender …

She had just identified the object as a large flat piece of cardboard when she realised that footsteps behind her had carried on .
she had just [recognized] the object as a large flat piece of cardboard when she realised that footsteps behind her had carried on .

It was the combination of this aggression with his talent which had brought him so far , and yet while Vitor possessed a professional 's dedication to winning Simon had plainly identified his team-mate as a bitter rival who must be trounced at all costs .
it was the combination of this aggression with his talent which had brought him so far , and yet while vitor possessed a professional 's dedication to winning simon had plainly [recognized] his team-mate as a bitter rival who must be trounced at all costs .

Even if he 'd already identified me as his deadly rival , at that point it did n't have much relevance .
even if he 'd already [recognized] me as his deadly rival , at that point it did n't have much relevance .

‘ Have you identified the trouble ?
‘ have you [recognized] the trouble ?

‘ Identified it and fixed it .
‘ [recognized] it and fixed it .

In addition to differences in the thickness and density of continental and oceanic crust identified from seismic evidence and the nature of gravity anomalies , it is possible , through a more detailed analysis of such data together with heat flow measurements and geological information indicative of the history of crustal stability , to identify several major structural regions within the continents and oceans ( Table 2.2 ) .
in addition to differences in the thickness and density of continental and oceanic crust [recognized] from seismic evidence and the nature of gravity anomalies , it is possible , through a more detailed analysis of such data together with heat flow measurements and geological information indicative of the history of crustal stability , to identify several major structural regions within the continents and oceans ( table 2.2 ) .

Numerous displaced terranes have also been identified in the Alpine-Himalayan chain ( Fig .
numerous displaced terranes have also been [recognized] in the alpine-himalayan chain ( fig .

Such changes thus enable discrete sedimentary units to be identified and subsurface faults to be mapped ( see Section 17.2.2.2. for a more detailed explanation ) .
such changes thus enable discrete sedimentary units to be [recognized] and subsurface faults to be mapped ( see section 17.2.2.2. for a more detailed explanation ) .

Eleven such triple junctions , each possibly associated with a separate hot spot , have been identified on the continental part of the African Plate and an intriguing problem is the way in which they may subsequently promote continental rupture and develop into spreading centres .
eleven such triple junctions , each possibly associated with a separate hot spot , have been [recognized] on the continental part of the african plate and an intriguing problem is the way in which they may subsequently promote continental rupture and develop into spreading centres .

Although the triple junctions identified in Africa , including those along the continental margin as well as those in the interior , have variously evolved by spreading along one , two or all three rift arms , the most common sequence has been for one arm to remain inactive and form an aulacogen , with spreading occurring along the other two ( Fig .
although the triple junctions [recognized] in africa , including those along the continental margin as well as those in the interior , have variously evolved by spreading along one , two or all three rift arms , the most common sequence has been for one arm to remain inactive and form an aulacogen , with spreading occurring along the other two ( fig .

Of the 29 rifts identified in Africa , five have led to continental separation and a further three have been associated with the movement of Madagascar away from the African mainland .
of the 29 rifts [recognized] in africa , five have led to continental separation and a further three have been associated with the movement of madagascar away from the african mainland .

Those sending e-mail messages might have to fill in communication protocols which not only identified themselves and the recipients of their message , but required the inclusion of indexing terms and a decision on archiving .
those sending e-mail messages might have to fill in communication protocols which not only [recognized] themselves and the recipients of their message , but required the inclusion of indexing terms and a decision on archiving .

We might reasonably expect them to want to store non-ephemeral documents for future administrative purposes and for these to be identified according to predefined index terms .
we might reasonably expect them to want to store non-ephemeral documents for future administrative purposes and for these to be [recognized] according to predefined index terms .

Having identified the scope of the ‘ problem ’ the paper will cover the wider issues which all organisations or companies will need to face regarding the status and role of e-mail records .
having [recognized] the scope of the ‘ problem ’ the paper will cover the wider issues which all organisations or companies will need to face regarding the status and role of e-mail records .

Physical objects are explicitly identified as the evidentiary medium .
physical objects are explicitly [recognized] as the evidentiary medium .

[ 6 ] Using this mechanism , encoders are at liberty to define arbitrarily complex bundles or sets of features identified in a text , according to their own methodological bias .
[ 6 ] using this mechanism , encoders are at liberty to define arbitrarily complex bundles or sets of features [recognized] in a text , according to their own methodological bias .

The results of such work , when made available , must also be presented in such a form that the data subject can not be identified .
the results of such work , when made available , must also be presented in such a form that the data subject can not be [recognized] .

The third strand of the university scholarly information resource infrastructure for the 1990s was identified as the national and international research library network and this will be discussed later in the paper in the context of national initiatives .
the third strand of the university scholarly information resource infrastructure for the 1990s was [recognized] as the national and international research library network and this will be discussed later in the paper in the context of national initiatives .

The Archive will not necessarily acquire all of the identified data files — a specialist archive may comprise a small number of key datasets together with a catalogue of data held elsewhere ( meta-data ) .
the archive will not necessarily acquire all of the [recognized] data files — a specialist archive may comprise a small number of key datasets together with a catalogue of data held elsewhere ( meta-data ) .

Thus , if Brazil was already the major producer of coffee , the state of São Paulo , which is predominantly identified with this crop in our century , as yet harvested only about a quarter of the production of Rio and at most a fifth of the entire country ; about half the production of Indonesia and only about twice as much as Ceylon , where the development of tea-culture was still so negligible that exports were not separately registered until the second half of the 1870s , and then in tiny quantities .
thus , if brazil was already the major producer of coffee , the state of são paulo , which is predominantly [recognized] with this crop in our century , as yet harvested only about a quarter of the production of rio and at most a fifth of the entire country ; about half the production of indonesia and only about twice as much as ceylon , where the development of tea-culture was still so negligible that exports were not separately registered until the second half of the 1870s , and then in tiny quantities .

By 1875 , it is reported , the use of those nicknames by which people were known and identified in the villages of the Bray country in Normandy , and even the informal local versions of their first names , had virtually disappeared .
by 1875 , it is reported , the use of those nicknames by which people were known and [recognized] in the villages of the bray country in normandy , and even the informal local versions of their first names , had virtually disappeared .

For , large or small , the ‘ master ’ rather than the impersonal authority of the ‘ company ’ ruled the enterprise , and even the company was identified with a man rather than a board of directors .
for , large or small , the ‘ master ’ rather than the impersonal authority of the ‘ company ’ ruled the enterprise , and even the company was [recognized] with a man rather than a board of directors .

Only where revolution still seemed the only plausible solution for the conditions of the labouring poor , or where — as in France — the tradition of insurrection and the revolutionary social republic was the dominant political tradition of the working people , was ‘ respectability ’ a relatively insignificant factor , or confined to the middle classes and those who wished to be identified with them .
only where revolution still seemed the only plausible solution for the conditions of the labouring poor , or where — as in france — the tradition of insurrection and the revolutionary social republic was the dominant political tradition of the working people , was ‘ respectability ’ a relatively insignificant factor , or confined to the middle classes and those who wished to be [recognized] with them .

Ken produced some of his standard characters that were to become as closely identified with him as was ‘ Stop messing about ’ — which did n't disappear totally from the airways .
ken produced some of his standard characters that were to become as closely [recognized] with him as was ‘ stop messing about ’ — which did n't disappear totally from the airways .

On its commencement every proceeding is identified by a title , made up of the name of the court in which it is brought , the names of the parties and any Act ( other than the 1984 Act ) relied on to give the court jurisdiction , and by a distinguishing number allotted to it by the court office , written ( in an action ) as `` Case No `` or ( in a matter ) as `` No of Matter `` .
on its commencement every proceeding is [recognized] by a title , made up of the name of the court in which it is brought , the names of the parties and any act ( other than the 1984 act ) relied on to give the court jurisdiction , and by a distinguishing number allotted to it by the court office , written ( in an action ) as `` case no `` or ( in a matter ) as `` no of matter `` .

Just what system is put into place will vary from firm to firm and , indeed , from time to time as particular problems are identified and changes made .
just what system is put into place will vary from firm to firm and , indeed , from time to time as particular problems are [recognized] and changes made .

Typically , and here we are considering a firm whose size justifies formalised management structures , various aspects of the firm will be identified as needing individual treatment under the immediate daily supervision of a partner ( or committee of partners ) or a senior employee .
typically , and here we are considering a firm whose size justifies formalised management structures , various aspects of the firm will be [recognized] as needing individual treatment under the immediate daily supervision of a partner ( or committee of partners ) or a senior employee .

borderline cases identified above ( 15.7.7 ) , particularly the reference to experts of general disputes ( 6.9 ) .
borderline cases [recognized] above ( 15.7.7 ) , particularly the reference to experts of general disputes ( 6.9 ) .

Considerable care must be taken to ensure that the precise nature and scope of these liabilities is identified and that the purchaser does not acquire more than he bargained for .
considerable care must be taken to ensure that the precise nature and scope of these liabilities is [recognized] and that the purchaser does not acquire more than he bargained for .

Once the nature of the business has been discussed and key concerns identified it is necessary to consider in what areas specialist advice should be sought .
once the nature of the business has been discussed and key concerns [recognized] it is necessary to consider in what areas specialist advice should be sought .

The purchaser will insist on an asset sale either because he has identified significant liabilities which he can not risk or because he is simply nervous as to the general state of the business and the risk of unforeseen liabilities .
the purchaser will insist on an asset sale either because he has [recognized] significant liabilities which he can not risk or because he is simply nervous as to the general state of the business and the risk of unforeseen liabilities .

The adjustment to the indicative price is an art in that the purchaser takes account of the cost saving benefits it can bring to the vendor 's business , potential profit increases arising from market synergies and identified liabilities which may affect future profitability .
the adjustment to the indicative price is an art in that the purchaser takes account of the cost saving benefits it can bring to the vendor 's business , potential profit increases arising from market synergies and [recognized] liabilities which may affect future profitability .

This enables the parties to address the problem areas identified by the disclosures .
this enables the parties to address the problem areas [recognized] by the disclosures .

Depending on these factors a purchaser should consider whether to : ( a ) rely solely on its right to claim damages for breach of warranty ; or ( b ) make a retention of part of the purchase price to deal with identified liabilities ; or ( c ) reduce the price .
depending on these factors a purchaser should consider whether to : ( a ) rely solely on its right to claim damages for breach of warranty ; or ( b ) make a retention of part of the purchase price to deal with [recognized] liabilities ; or ( c ) reduce the price .

In its report , the House of Representatives natural resources committee identified former military ranges , hazardous chemical dumps and mines for which the government is potentially liable .
in its report , the house of representatives natural resources committee [recognized] former military ranges , hazardous chemical dumps and mines for which the government is potentially liable .

Independent engineering consultants have identified serious design flaws in the proposed nuclear waste dump at Sellafield , which may lead to a build up , and possible explosion , of inflammable gas .
independent engineering consultants have [recognized] serious design flaws in the proposed nuclear waste dump at sellafield , which may lead to a build up , and possible explosion , of inflammable gas .

Relying on Soviet and Russian records and interviews with Russian officials , Hauge has identified 21 nuclear reactors , mostly from submarines , which have been dumped in the area .
relying on soviet and russian records and interviews with russian officials , hauge has [recognized] 21 nuclear reactors , mostly from submarines , which have been dumped in the area .

It identified 500,000 hectares of costal habitat which it said were in need of active conservation measures .
it [recognized] 500,000 hectares of costal habitat which it said were in need of active conservation measures .

The deaths are the latest in an epidemic which was first identified in Ireland and has swept through the eastern Mediterranean [ see EDs 49/50 , 51 ] .
the deaths are the latest in an epidemic which was first [recognized] in ireland and has swept through the eastern mediterranean [ see eds 49/50 , 51 ] .

Sustainability 's recommendations for action have also come under scrutiny , since they do not cover some of the deficiencies identified in the report , including the low-level of recycled materials use , and the company 's preference for road , rather than rail , as means of product transport .
sustainability 's recommendations for action have also come under scrutiny , since they do not cover some of the deficiencies [recognized] in the report , including the low-level of recycled materials use , and the company 's preference for road , rather than rail , as means of product transport .

English Nature 's analysis is sharply at variance with the view of the Department of the Environment , which has identified only nine SSSIs at risk .
english nature 's analysis is sharply at variance with the view of the department of the environment , which has [recognized] only nine sssis at risk .

The Hutchinson Dock Company tip , which is bordered by water on three sides , was first identified as a source of pollution in 1978 .
the hutchinson dock company tip , which is bordered by water on three sides , was first [recognized] as a source of pollution in 1978 .

Only 44 of the 58 labs identified each correctly , and seven claimed to identify pesticides that were not present .
only 44 of the 58 labs [recognized] each correctly , and seven claimed to identify pesticides that were not present .

In a second test , only 18 of the labs correctly identified four pesticides present in samples of beef fat , while 10 falsely identified other pesticides .
in a second test , only 18 of the labs correctly [recognized] four pesticides present in samples of beef fat , while 10 falsely [recognized] other pesticides .

The area identified in the study as contaminated extends over 450 square metres , and includes houses , old people 's home , fields and a river .
the area [recognized] in the study as contaminated extends over 450 square metres , and includes houses , old people 's home , fields and a river .

In November 1992 the two French ecologist parties `` the radical Les verts and the more pragmatic Génération écologie `` had reached an entente but this appeared to result in the image of both parties being less clearly identified .
in november 1992 the two french ecologist parties `` the radical les verts and the more pragmatic génération écologie `` had reached an entente but this appeared to result in the image of both parties being less clearly [recognized] .

However , the company 's activities may already have done irreversible damage to the park , which has been identified as the second most important in the world for bird life , with 10 per cent of all species .
however , the company 's activities may already have done irreversible damage to the park , which has been [recognized] as the second most important in the world for bird life , with 10 per cent of all species .

The study identified a total of 1,868 species of tree involved in the world timber trade .
the study [recognized] a total of 1,868 species of tree involved in the world timber trade .

Among the threats to temperate forests identified by the report are logging of native forests , the treatment of trees as crops in a market shift from timber to pulp and paper production , air and water pollution , cutting for firewood , and forest fires .
among the threats to temperate forests [recognized] by the report are logging of native forests , the treatment of trees as crops in a market shift from timber to pulp and paper production , air and water pollution , cutting for firewood , and forest fires .

Over 80 per cent of oaks have lost more than a quarter of normal crown density , with attacks from winter moths identified as the main cause .
over 80 per cent of oaks have lost more than a quarter of normal crown density , with attacks from winter moths [recognized] as the main cause .

The Survey carried out the work which first identified the threat to the ozone layer over the south polar region .
the survey carried out the work which first [recognized] the threat to the ozone layer over the south polar region .

One priority identified by participants was to attempt a census of living species , of which only 1.4 million are known , out of a total estimated at between 5 million and 50 million .
one priority [recognized] by participants was to attempt a census of living species , of which only 1.4 million are known , out of a total estimated at between 5 million and 50 million .

High levels of benzene in the air in Scottish cities have been identified in a survey by Friends of the Earth ( Scotland ) .
high levels of benzene in the air in scottish cities have been [recognized] in a survey by friends of the earth ( scotland ) .

Most respondents characterized class as being based on occupation , and most ( Table 1.4 ) identified themselves as being in the class suggested by the occupation of the head of their household .
most respondents characterized class as being based on occupation , and most ( table 1.4 ) [recognized] themselves as being in the class suggested by the occupation of the head of their household .

This partisanship is reinforced when parents ' preferences are congruent with the influences to be identified below .
this partisanship is reinforced when parents ' preferences are congruent with the influences to be [recognized] below .

Almond and Verba , for example , identified three ideal types : participant , subject , and parochial .
almond and verba , for example , [recognized] three ideal types : participant , subject , and parochial .

France has been identified as employing a rationalist approach .
france has been [recognized] as employing a rationalist approach .

Walter Bageho , in his classic work The English Constitution , identified England as a `` deferential nation , `` one that had a structure of its own . ``
walter bageho , in his classic work the english constitution , [recognized] england as a `` deferential nation , `` one that had a structure of its own . ``

It is an orientation compatible with the others already identified and it is eminently congenial to a society that stresses the responsibilities as well as the rights of the individual .
it is an orientation compatible with the others already [recognized] and it is eminently congenial to a society that stresses the responsibilities as well as the rights of the individual .

The political culture of Britain may then be characterized , in broad terms , as having the four orientations identified : empirical in terms of problem-solving and change , allegiant in terms of the political system , cooperative in making decisions , and trusting with relation to fellow countrymen and allies .
the political culture of britain may then be characterized , in broad terms , as having the four orientations [recognized] : empirical in terms of problem-solving and change , allegiant in terms of the political system , cooperative in making decisions , and trusting with relation to fellow countrymen and allies .

The second pillar identified by Dicey was that of `` the rule of law . ``
the second pillar [recognized] by dicey was that of `` the rule of law . ``

By October 1974 , barely half of the electorate identified ( let alone voted ) with their `` natural `` class party .
by october 1974 , barely half of the electorate [recognized] ( let alone voted ) with their `` natural `` class party .

What other variables , independent of class , can be identified as being correlated to voting behaviour ?
what other variables , independent of class , can be [recognized] as being correlated to voting behaviour ?

Age , religion , gender , region , population density , and home ownership are among the most significant to have been identified .
age , religion , gender , region , population density , and home ownership are among the most significant to have been [recognized] .

In this sense , the Panopticon was , as Foucault ( 1979 p 149 ) identified , a building whose design was simultaneously architectural , functional and hierarchical , and whose purposes were ( p 143 ) : `` to establish presences and absences , to know where and how to locate individuals , to set up useful communications , to interrupt others , to be able at each moment to supervise the conduct of each individual , to assess it , to judge it , to calculate its qualities or merits .
in this sense , the panopticon was , as foucault ( 1979 p 149 ) [recognized] , a building whose design was simultaneously architectural , functional and hierarchical , and whose purposes were ( p 143 ) : `` to establish presences and absences , to know where and how to locate individuals , to set up useful communications , to interrupt others , to be able at each moment to supervise the conduct of each individual , to assess it , to judge it , to calculate its qualities or merits .

For design can not be identified wholly with either `` products `` or `` problems `` .
for design can not be [recognized] wholly with either `` products `` or `` problems `` .

This cohesion through antonyms is identified by Halliday and Hasan ( 1976 : 285 ) as one of the main types of lexical cohesion in English .
this cohesion through antonyms is [recognized] by halliday and hasan ( 1976 : 285 ) as one of the main types of lexical cohesion in english .

In relation to this , a number of cohesive chains were identified in the analysis , the most significant of which are the progressions of phrases relating to the cabinet ministers and the soldiers .
in relation to this , a number of cohesive chains were [recognized] in the analysis , the most significant of which are the progressions of phrases relating to the cabinet ministers and the soldiers .

The problem for the fathers was how to express that God could be said to have uniquely identified God 's self with Jesus of Nazareth , without making Jesus into God .
the problem for the fathers was how to express that god could be said to have uniquely [recognized] god 's self with jesus of nazareth , without making jesus into god .

Many of the first traces of human habitation in what we now call Scotland have been identified from bones and stone implements found in caves along the approaches to the eastern firths of Forth and Tay .
many of the first traces of human habitation in what we now call scotland have been [recognized] from bones and stone implements found in caves along the approaches to the eastern firths of forth and tay .

Other areas of concern for women working or wanting to work outside the home were identified .
other areas of concern for women working or wanting to work outside the home were [recognized] .

The workshop identified a number of issues needing to be tackled if employment for women is to be created .
the workshop [recognized] a number of issues needing to be tackled if employment for women is to be created .

Finally , a number of categories of women were identified as having particular problems with regard to employment , namely travelling women and girls , who suffer a myriad of problems , older women , and lone parents .
finally , a number of categories of women were [recognized] as having particular problems with regard to employment , namely travelling women and girls , who suffer a myriad of problems , older women , and lone parents .

But when the culprits were identified , it turned out that their activities were perfectly legitimate , if a little unusual .
but when the culprits were [recognized] , it turned out that their activities were perfectly legitimate , if a little unusual .

‘ We have identified three different individuals that have been seen in Puget Sound in previous years , two of which were spotted in the area of the pits .
‘ we have [recognized] three different individuals that have been seen in puget sound in previous years , two of which were spotted in the area of the pits .

Manna ( 16:31 ) : various natural phenomena have been identified with the description given here , but none fits exactly .
manna ( 16:31 ) : various natural phenomena have been [recognized] with the description given here , but none fits exactly .

These points taken together suggest that the burnt-offering symbolized the worshipper 's homage and total dedication to God , in laying his hand on the animal he identified himself completely with the sacrifice .
these points taken together suggest that the burnt-offering symbolized the worshipper 's homage and total dedication to god , in laying his hand on the animal he [recognized] himself completely with the sacrifice .

In short , he had identified himself at last with the spirit of the times . ``
in short , he had [recognized] himself at last with the spirit of the times . ``

The historians who have taken this line have identified Eleanor and her eldest daughter , Marie , Countess of Champagne ( 1140–98 ) , as the outstanding patrons of this dangerous movement .
the historians who have taken this line have [recognized] eleanor and her eldest daughter , marie , countess of champagne ( 1140–98 ) , as the outstanding patrons of this dangerous movement .

All fossils found anywhere in the world in rocks of this age can be placed in one or other of those three main groups we identified on the reef .
all fossils found anywhere in the world in rocks of this age can be placed in one or other of those three main groups we [recognized] on the reef .

These newly discovered pieces of evidence are only fragments of scales , but they can be identified because they match those from complete skeletons that have been found in later rocks .
these newly discovered pieces of evidence are only fragments of scales , but they can be [recognized] because they match those from complete skeletons that have been found in later rocks .

It was recognized that accurate message construction presupposed the capacity to identify the critical features of an item-that is , those features that uniquely identified the target .
it was recognized that accurate message construction presupposed the capacity to identify the critical features of an item-that is , those features that uniquely [recognized] the target .

One of the problems which Lloyd and Beveridge ( 1981 ) identified as giving rise to poor performance on the part of young receivers of messages was the phenomenon they referred to as ‘ premature selection ’ .
one of the problems which lloyd and beveridge ( 1981 ) [recognized] as giving rise to poor performance on the part of young receivers of messages was the phenomenon they referred to as ‘ premature selection ’ .

And if an adult , speaking to a child — or to anyone — were to introduce the quoted words of a third person ( 'dialogue at second hand ' ) it would be very unusual for the source not to be identified .
and if an adult , speaking to a child — or to anyone — were to introduce the quoted words of a third person ( 'dialogue at second hand ' ) it would be very unusual for the source not to be [recognized] .

The speaker is thus identified , but in an oblique way , which the reader can comprehend only through familiarity with the idiomatic use of ‘ gather ’ as meaning ‘ to deduce or conclude from something heard or read ’ .
the speaker is thus [recognized] , but in an oblique way , which the reader can comprehend only through familiarity with the idiomatic use of ‘ gather ’ as meaning ‘ to deduce or conclude from something heard or read ’ .

In some variants of reported speech where the speaker is only implicitly identified , the words may be not so much a straight transformation of what was said as a summary or paraphrase of it . In this next example two Polish boys are telling an English girl how they came to be in France during World War Two :
in some variants of reported speech where the speaker is only implicitly [recognized] , the words may be not so much a straight transformation of what was said as a summary or paraphrase of it . in this next example two polish boys are telling an english girl how they came to be in france during world war two :

Yet when written language is imperfectly identified and not fully understood it will tend to seem opaque in any case .
yet when written language is imperfectly [recognized] and not fully understood it will tend to seem opaque in any case .

It was at such times , he said , that he was divested of all those characteristics of family , personality and reputation which identified him to the outside world .
it was at such times , he said , that he was divested of all those characteristics of family , personality and reputation which [recognized] him to the outside world .

In sum , in the contention which attended or , as some might prefer , the dialectical process which generated the structural change represented by the measures contained in the Reform Bill , the Whigs by proposing and the Tories by opposing them finally identified it as the exclusive issue on which people would stand up and be counted , for or against , yes or no .
in sum , in the contention which attended or , as some might prefer , the dialectical process which generated the structural change represented by the measures contained in the reform bill , the whigs by proposing and the tories by opposing them finally [recognized] it as the exclusive issue on which people would stand up and be counted , for or against , yes or no .

Identified by Hobsbawm as The Age of Capital , in the history of Co-operation in the United Kingdom the period 1848 to 1875 is marked by the emergence of the Consumers ' Movement as a major feature of retail trade , the exposure of the antithesis between it and Producers ' Co-operation and , as a result , the virtual abandonment of the latter as an expression of democracy .
[recognized] by hobsbawm as the age of capital , in the history of co-operation in the united kingdom the period 1848 to 1875 is marked by the emergence of the consumers ' movement as a major feature of retail trade , the exposure of the antithesis between it and producers ' co-operation and , as a result , the virtual abandonment of the latter as an expression of democracy .

There were what Cole calls difficulties , but which might better be identified as disadvantages , for the retail co-operatives in so constituting the production arm as to admit the bonus to labour .
there were what cole calls difficulties , but which might better be [recognized] as disadvantages , for the retail co-operatives in so constituting the production arm as to admit the bonus to labour .

It misses the significance of the points : first , that the occasional engagement of trade unionism in the promotion of industrial co-operatives had been tactical and opportunistic , rather than principled ; and second , that Co-operation identified as the Consumers ' Movement had opposed any significant role for the industrial co-operative , properly so-called .
it misses the significance of the points : first , that the occasional engagement of trade unionism in the promotion of industrial co-operatives had been tactical and opportunistic , rather than principled ; and second , that co-operation [recognized] as the consumers ' movement had opposed any significant role for the industrial co-operative , properly so-called .

So , by the end of the nineteenth century , there was little in Co-operation , or in trade unionism , that Owen could have identified directly with his proposals to reconstitute the state as an industrial democracy and to create the productive classes , master-manufacturers and work-people , into a great estate of the realm .
so , by the end of the nineteenth century , there was little in co-operation , or in trade unionism , that owen could have [recognized] directly with his proposals to reconstitute the state as an industrial democracy and to create the productive classes , master-manufacturers and work-people , into a great estate of the realm .

For it is one thing to deny the significance Marx attaches to alienation as the prime impulse to class struggle ; and quite another to identify it , cleaned of its Hegelian war-paint , as we have identified it already : as the abstraction of one 's working life from a life of one 's own .
for it is one thing to deny the significance marx attaches to alienation as the prime impulse to class struggle ; and quite another to identify it , cleaned of its hegelian war-paint , as we have [recognized] it already : as the abstraction of one 's working life from a life of one 's own .

Having thus identified the right way to do the job and explained why it was not practically possible for Owen to adopt it , they then proceed to attack the substance of his proposal .
having thus [recognized] the right way to do the job and explained why it was not practically possible for owen to adopt it , they then proceed to attack the substance of his proposal .

Production incidental to it is identified as ‘ Co-operative Production ’ .
production incidental to it is [recognized] as ‘ co-operative production ’ .

While the parties , and hence third parties , to treaties and international proceedings may be readily identified , it may be more complex to identify the parties to a conflict or dispute .
while the parties , and hence third parties , to treaties and international proceedings may be readily [recognized] , it may be more complex to identify the parties to a conflict or dispute .

Jiminez de Arechaga , a member of the International Law Commission , identified what he considered to be the three crucial questions . He considered the focus of the controversy to be the juridical effects of a stipulation made in favour of a third party , which he deconstructed into three questions : can a third party claim directly any such benefit or can it only be claimed through the auspices of a State party ; may the parties to the agreement amend or abolish the stipulation without the consent of the third party ; and need the third party accept the stipulation in order to be vested with the benefit in question ? 120
jiminez de arechaga , a member of the international law commission , [recognized] what he considered to be the three crucial questions . he considered the focus of the controversy to be the juridical effects of a stipulation made in favour of a third party , which he deconstructed into three questions : can a third party claim directly any such benefit or can it only be claimed through the auspices of a state party ; may the parties to the agreement amend or abolish the stipulation without the consent of the third party ; and need the third party accept the stipulation in order to be vested with the benefit in question ? 120

Inter-State complaints are not made on behalf of an identified victim and , indeed , there may not even be such a defined person .
inter-state complaints are not made on behalf of an [recognized] victim and , indeed , there may not even be such a defined person .

Certain treaties have been entered into between States , or between a State and an international organisation , to give protected status to an identified group of people .
certain treaties have been entered into between states , or between a state and an international organisation , to give protected status to an [recognized] group of people .

The work of individual carvers can to some extent be identified by the style and edge mouldings of the bench ends .
the work of individual carvers can to some extent be [recognized] by the style and edge mouldings of the bench ends .

Simon Werman 's work , at Broomfield , can be most easily identified by his edge mouldings , where they all carry a uniform design of a continuous running stem pattern that has a leaf crossing it at regular intervals .
simon werman 's work , at broomfield , can be most easily [recognized] by his edge mouldings , where they all carry a uniform design of a continuous running stem pattern that has a leaf crossing it at regular intervals .

In the history of the Vietnamese communist movement , as Duiker says , the Eighth Plenum is traditionally regarded as the moment when nationalism and a rural strategy of people 's war became identified as the two pillars of Vietnamese revolutionary doctrine .
in the history of the vietnamese communist movement , as duiker says , the eighth plenum is traditionally regarded as the moment when nationalism and a rural strategy of people 's war became [recognized] as the two pillars of vietnamese revolutionary doctrine .

In class terms the peasants were identified as part of the rural petty bourgeoisie : generally speaking , not members of the proletariat because they usually owned some means of production to support themselves .
in class terms the peasants were [recognized] as part of the rural petty bourgeoisie : generally speaking , not members of the proletariat because they usually owned some means of production to support themselves .

It is interesting that , apart from generic communism , it was the power of China that was here identified as the principal threat to Indo-China .
it is interesting that , apart from generic communism , it was the power of china that was here [recognized] as the principal threat to indo-china .

Born and bred in Stockport , he had identified himself with the life of the town and the School .
born and bred in stockport , he had [recognized] himself with the life of the town and the school .

Conservative and non-conservative actions are identified by the form of the matrices appearing as coefficient arrays in the equations of motion .
conservative and non-conservative actions are [recognized] by the form of the matrices appearing as coefficient arrays in the equations of motion .

If `` adornment `` is to be identified in linguistic patterns which have no semantic utility , we can point to the alliterations clustered in the last few lines .
if `` adornment `` is to be [recognized] in linguistic patterns which have no semantic utility , we can point to the alliterations clustered in the last few lines .

The parallelisms are identified as structural repetitions in which variable elements occur .
the parallelisms are [recognized] as structural repetitions in which variable elements occur .

When integrated work is being developed , through team teaching or departmental cooperation , a great many areas of cross-fertilization can be identified and prepared for , and their relevance not only to the student 's mastery of concepts but also to the more narrowly specific requirements of examining boards brought out .
when integrated work is being developed , through team teaching or departmental cooperation , a great many areas of cross-fertilization can be [recognized] and prepared for , and their relevance not only to the student 's mastery of concepts but also to the more narrowly specific requirements of examining boards brought out .

In those patients who are identified as having been at risk of sudden death a number of therapeutic options should be considered .
in those patients who are [recognized] as having been at risk of sudden death a number of therapeutic options should be considered .

John Stubbs has identified other effects of the war in the growth of backbench activity , the ending of old issues like Ireland and the strengthening of the Unionist case in others , especially tariffs .
john stubbs has [recognized] other effects of the war in the growth of backbench activity , the ending of old issues like ireland and the strengthening of the unionist case in others , especially tariffs .

Instead , the Report offers a discourse which both addresses and speaks on behalf of what may strictly be identified as `` national intellectuals `` .
instead , the report offers a discourse which both addresses and speaks on behalf of what may strictly be [recognized] as `` national intellectuals `` .

In some sense this mental exploration can be seen as coextensive with the work of the other " social explorers " who , continuing a tradition from Victorian times sought to investigate the " dark continent " or " jungles " of working-class life . By the time of the Report such social exploration and documentation had become firmly linked to public policy and administration , especially in terms of a " structure of feeling " which Raymond Williams has identified as " social conscience "
in some sense this mental exploration can be seen as coextensive with the work of the other " social explorers " who , continuing a tradition from victorian times sought to investigate the " dark continent " or " jungles " of working-class life . by the time of the report such social exploration and documentation had become firmly linked to public policy and administration , especially in terms of a " structure of feeling " which raymond williams has [recognized] as " social conscience "

From its first issue it identified itself as a coordinating centre for research in English studies , and indeed , the development of an identity based upon research for the discipline can be seen to have been one of its major functions .
from its first issue it [recognized] itself as a coordinating centre for research in english studies , and indeed , the development of an identity based upon research for the discipline can be seen to have been one of its major functions .

The Accademia 's curator Annalisa Perissa Torrina has compiled detailed notes on each of the 221 drawings now in the Accademia and has identified the original sources of the reproductive drawings , 124 of which are reproduced for the first time .
the accademia 's curator annalisa perissa torrina has compiled detailed notes on each of the 221 drawings now in the accademia and has [recognized] the original sources of the reproductive drawings , 124 of which are reproduced for the first time .

The concept of a forum converted into thermae depended on the presence of floor levels associated with the former , but those identified as such are very thin mortar lines which are far from level , and they can be more reliably interpreted as layers marking stages in the construction .
the concept of a forum converted into thermae depended on the presence of floor levels associated with the former , but those [recognized] as such are very thin mortar lines which are far from level , and they can be more reliably interpreted as layers marking stages in the construction .

Some of the areas of hostility and loyalty to Rome can be identified .
some of the areas of hostility and loyalty to rome can be [recognized] .

One at Lufton ( Somerset ) is distinguished by a remarkable octagonal building with an anteroom , an ambulatory and massive buttresses , which has been identified as a cold plunge ; and it is clearly the main focus for whatever activity took place there .
one at lufton ( somerset ) is distinguished by a remarkable octagonal building with an anteroom , an ambulatory and massive buttresses , which has been [recognized] as a cold plunge ; and it is clearly the main focus for whatever activity took place there .

The erection of a large shrine as an imposing architectural feature is not unusual in the Roman world , although the only other example in Britain appears to be the extraordinary octagonal structure at Lufton , identified as a ‘ cold plunge ’ but more likely to have been a shrine associated with a water cult .
the erection of a large shrine as an imposing architectural feature is not unusual in the roman world , although the only other example in britain appears to be the extraordinary octagonal structure at lufton , [recognized] as a ‘ cold plunge ’ but more likely to have been a shrine associated with a water cult .

This was identified by Wheeler from Greek parallels as an abaton where the devotees retired for the ‘ holy sleep ’ after the long and elaborate healing rituals in the temple .
this was [recognized] by wheeler from greek parallels as an abaton where the devotees retired for the ‘ holy sleep ’ after the long and elaborate healing rituals in the temple .

Wooden objects have not , alas , survived in Britain except in very exceptional waterlogged conditions , such as the figure of a goddess , identified as Epona from the bottom of a well at Winchester in 1947 .
wooden objects have not , alas , survived in britain except in very exceptional waterlogged conditions , such as the figure of a goddess , [recognized] as epona from the bottom of a well at winchester in 1947 .

There are clear Celtic influences in the various smith-gods normally identified as Vulcan .
there are clear celtic influences in the various smith-gods normally [recognized] as vulcan .

On the same vessel there is the foot of Mercury , identified by his winged shoe , and the feet of a female with what appears to be a spindle ( fig .
on the same vessel there is the foot of mercury , [recognized] by his winged shoe , and the feet of a female with what appears to be a spindle ( fig .

There is only the lower half of the hero on the sherd but he is identified by the club , an unusually thin example , and with a cross hilt one expects on a sword , on his right hangs the lower part of the lion skin , behind him on the left are two long-necked birds , identifying this Labour , although there is no evidence of the bow ( fig .
there is only the lower half of the hero on the sherd but he is [recognized] by the club , an unusually thin example , and with a cross hilt one expects on a sword , on his right hangs the lower part of the lion skin , behind him on the left are two long-necked birds , identifying this labour , although there is no evidence of the bow ( fig .

There are other deities on the vessel ; Mercury identified by his winged feet , and Attis , another salvation god , with his eastern bow , Phrygian cap and star-studded tunic .
there are other deities on the vessel ; mercury [recognized] by his winged feet , and attis , another salvation god , with his eastern bow , phrygian cap and star-studded tunic .

None of the remaining six Labours has yet been identified on British pottery .
none of the remaining six labours has yet been [recognized] on british pottery .

14.39 ) , although it has been identified as the Hydra , however , a tree with apples is clearly visible on the edge of the stone and also the head of the protective snake .
14.39 ) , although it has been [recognized] as the hydra , however , a tree with apples is clearly visible on the edge of the stone and also the head of the protective snake .

, which has been identified as Hercules and the Hydra .
, which has been [recognized] as hercules and the hydra .

This can only be defined by a large claw-like grasp on his left forearm , which could be identified as a tentacle of the Hydra .
this can only be defined by a large claw-like grasp on his left forearm , which could be [recognized] as a tentacle of the hydra .

Also , the factors identified above as relevant to deciding the effect of alternative remedies may be relevant to deciding what effect to give to a statutory ouster clause which is open to more than one interpretation .
also , the factors [recognized] above as relevant to deciding the effect of alternative remedies may be relevant to deciding what effect to give to a statutory ouster clause which is open to more than one interpretation .

Following the pattern established by other catalogues of the museum , these illustrations are divided into seven chronological sections , each of which is preceded by a detailed biographical record of Matisse 's activity so that his places , projects and patrons can be identified with crisp clarity .
following the pattern established by other catalogues of the museum , these illustrations are divided into seven chronological sections , each of which is preceded by a detailed biographical record of matisse 's activity so that his places , projects and patrons can be [recognized] with crisp clarity .

Yet , as this example illustrates , few expositions of the rival conceptions of contract entirely miss the division of questions which we have identified .
yet , as this example illustrates , few expositions of the rival conceptions of contract entirely miss the division of questions which we have [recognized] .

For present purposes family behaviour is identified as personal ; however the conception of the personal is broader than , and does not necessarily involve , the family .
for present purposes family behaviour is [recognized] as personal ; however the conception of the personal is broader than , and does not necessarily involve , the family .

From academic and practising lawyers has come an argument bewailing what is identified as family law 's departure from true legal character .
from academic and practising lawyers has come an argument bewailing what is [recognized] as family law 's departure from true legal character .

Discretionary standards and the redefinition of certain concerns as private mask both the values which are still implicit in legislation and in judicial decisions , and the lack of consensus on matters identified as personal .
discretionary standards and the redefinition of certain concerns as private mask both the values which are still implicit in legislation and in judicial decisions , and the lack of consensus on matters [recognized] as personal .

’ Thus the tension persists between the liberal position , which advocates non-regulation or delegalization of matters identified as personal or private , and the absolutist position which advocates regulation on the outbreak of moral panic .
’ thus the tension persists between the liberal position , which advocates non-regulation or delegalization of matters [recognized] as personal or private , and the absolutist position which advocates regulation on the outbreak of moral panic .

Robert Summers has identified five different forms of legal techniques for implementing these goals .
robert summers has [recognized] five different forms of legal techniques for implementing these goals .

Consequently the separation of law and morals is rendered suspect , as is the notion that the content of the law can be read off exhaustively given the sources identified by the rule of recognition .
consequently the separation of law and morals is rendered suspect , as is the notion that the content of the law can be read off exhaustively given the sources [recognized] by the rule of recognition .

‘ Even if they think it 's a piece of trash ’ , said one dealer who begged not to be identified , ‘ they 'll all be too afraid to say it ’ .
‘ even if they think it 's a piece of trash ’ , said one dealer who begged not to be [recognized] , ‘ they 'll all be too afraid to say it ’ .

Dismissing persistent rumours that Wall Street whizz Asher Edelman is the gallery 's money source , Salander identified their partners in the German venture as ‘ a group of Basque businessmen ’ who , he says , ‘ recommended ’ Berlin for a first European location .
dismissing persistent rumours that wall street whizz asher edelman is the gallery 's money source , salander [recognized] their partners in the german venture as ‘ a group of basque businessmen ’ who , he says , ‘ recommended ’ berlin for a first european location .

The Ministero dei Beni Culturali , for example , arranges for army frogmen to take courses in underwater archaeology , while the Ministero della Marina Mercantile makes available the results of underwater surveys so that areas of archaeological interest can be identified .
the ministero dei beni culturali , for example , arranges for army frogmen to take courses in underwater archaeology , while the ministero della marina mercantile makes available the results of underwater surveys so that areas of archaeological interest can be [recognized] .

They identified three main aims :
they [recognized] three main aims :

Self-monitoring of identified behaviours the client would like to change is both part of the assessment procedure and part of the treatment package .
self-monitoring of [recognized] behaviours the client would like to change is both part of the assessment procedure and part of the treatment package .

Obstacles on the way to that goal must be anticipated , identified , and viewed as challenges .
obstacles on the way to that goal must be anticipated , [recognized] , and viewed as challenges .

The fifth step in an assertiveness programme involves preparing and rehearsing a different way of responding to the identified situation .
the fifth step in an assertiveness programme involves preparing and rehearsing a different way of responding to the [recognized] situation .

After a client has completed the Type-A inventory , and identified areas for possible change , the following drills may be useful .
after a client has completed the type-a inventory , and [recognized] areas for possible change , the following drills may be useful .

Using large format paper and a variety of watery colours , Gershun creates eloquent pictures in which isolated floral and other motifs can be identified .
using large format paper and a variety of watery colours , gershun creates eloquent pictures in which isolated floral and other motifs can be [recognized] .

£30–40,000 ; $ 55–73,000 ) , but the greatest curiosity is a recently identified pencil sketch of Worcester Cathedral .
£30–40,000 ; $ 55–73,000 ) , but the greatest curiosity is a recently [recognized] pencil sketch of worcester cathedral .

The key to the series is Kafka , the philosopher with whose neurotic obsessions Hughes has identified .
the key to the series is kafka , the philosopher with whose neurotic obsessions hughes has [recognized] .

In his work on social class and linguistic styles , Basil Bernstein has identified two different modes of language use .
in his work on social class and linguistic styles , basil bernstein has [recognized] two different modes of language use .

The American sociologist Ruth Hartley , in her study of feminine role development , has identified four of these processes .
the american sociologist ruth hartley , in her study of feminine role development , has [recognized] four of these processes .

Who — everyone is identified by his position and actions and full names and titles are given .
who — everyone is [recognized] by his position and actions and full names and titles are given .

Product shots , too , must have everything in the picture fully identified .
product shots , too , must have everything in the picture fully [recognized] .

In the United States , and many other countries , `` rug `` is used to describe any item , regardless of size , whereas anything sold in Britain or the British Commonwealth is usually clearly identified either as a carpet or a rug .
in the united states , and many other countries , `` rug `` is used to describe any item , regardless of size , whereas anything sold in britain or the british commonwealth is usually clearly [recognized] either as a carpet or a rug .

It is a common mistake to assume that oriental rugs can be identified by their designs alone .
it is a common mistake to assume that oriental rugs can be [recognized] by their designs alone .

At least three potentially Pareto-superior situations may be identified .
at least three potentially pareto-superior situations may be [recognized] .

Again , there are general comparative institutional differences which can be identified .
again , there are general comparative institutional differences which can be [recognized] .

This social welfare might plausibly , in turn , be identified with the sum of consumer , producer and factor returns .
this social welfare might plausibly , in turn , be [recognized] with the sum of consumer , producer and factor returns .

Sager [ 1981 ] has identified a number of sublanguages that are sufficiently regular for this technique , and provides a methodology for the reliable identification of their constituent semantic classes .
sager [ 1981 ] has [recognized] a number of sublanguages that are sufficiently regular for this technique , and provides a methodology for the reliable identification of their constituent semantic classes .

Krovetz [ 1987 ] has identified four such types :
krovetz [ 1987 ] has [recognized] four such types :

The issue of lexical acquisition has been discussed , and a number of suggested improvements to the design of MRDs has been identified .
the issue of lexical acquisition has been discussed , and a number of suggested improvements to the design of mrds has been [recognized] .

English words ) from all the other permutations identified by the recogniser .
english words ) from all the other permutations [recognized] by the recogniser .

It has been demonstrated that there are various types of context that can influence the speed and ease with which words are identified ( and hence recognised ) , including lexical , syntactic and semantic contexts .
it has been demonstrated that there are various types of context that can influence the speed and ease with which words are [recognized] ( and hence recognised ) , including lexical , syntactic and semantic contexts .

Several aspects of the overlap algorithm have been investigated , and their optimal values ( where appropriate ) have been identified . These include :
several aspects of the overlap algorithm have been investigated , and their optimal values ( where appropriate ) have been [recognized] . these include :

The first is a practical issue : domain dictionaries are only of use if the domain has been accurately identified in the first place .
the first is a practical issue : domain dictionaries are only of use if the domain has been accurately [recognized] in the first place .

Firstly , specific dictionaries can only be relied upon if the domain of the test data has been accurately identified in the first place .
firstly , specific dictionaries can only be relied upon if the domain of the test data has been accurately [recognized] in the first place .

The two men had become increasingly resentful of the circle around the king , and their rebellion was specifically directed against the ‘ covetous rule and guiding ’ of this group , identified in the rebels ' manifesto as the family of queen Elizabeth Woodville , the earls of Devon and Pembroke , John lord Audley and Sir John Fogge .
the two men had become increasingly resentful of the circle around the king , and their rebellion was specifically directed against the ‘ covetous rule and guiding ’ of this group , [recognized] in the rebels ' manifesto as the family of queen elizabeth woodville , the earls of devon and pembroke , john lord audley and sir john fogge .

Apart from these men , only one East Anglian can definitely be identified with Gloucester : William Harmer , esquire , of Beechamwell ( Norf . )
apart from these men , only one east anglian can definitely be [recognized] with gloucester : william harmer , esquire , of beechamwell ( norf . )

There is no evidence that the court circle in East Anglia , including those elements most closely identified with the queen , was inimical to Gloucester , or that the duke regarded them as rivals for power in the region .
there is no evidence that the court circle in east anglia , including those elements most closely [recognized] with the queen , was inimical to gloucester , or that the duke regarded them as rivals for power in the region .

He gave visual expression to the same point during his entry into the city , when the procession included cartloads of weapons which criers identified as having been captured from the Woodvilles .
he gave visual expression to the same point during his entry into the city , when the procession included cartloads of weapons which criers [recognized] as having been captured from the woodvilles .

This prompt removal suggests that he was identified with the Woodvilles , although More is alone in the story that Rotherham had delivered the great seal to the queen when she went into sanctuary .
this prompt removal suggests that he was [recognized] with the woodvilles , although more is alone in the story that rotherham had delivered the great seal to the queen when she went into sanctuary .

At this stage , however , only a small number of men were so closely identified with the Woodvilles that they were perceived as a threat by Richard .
at this stage , however , only a small number of men were so closely [recognized] with the woodvilles that they were perceived as a threat by richard .

Modern discussion of the issue has normally centred on the role of the Woodvilles , who are identified as the cause of a split within the ruling group which lay at the root of the crisis .
modern discussion of the issue has normally centred on the role of the woodvilles , who are [recognized] as the cause of a split within the ruling group which lay at the root of the crisis .

Robert Ratcliffe , who was given office in Sheen ( Surrey ) by the queen , can be identified with the Woodville interest .
robert ratcliffe , who was given office in sheen ( surrey ) by the queen , can be [recognized] with the woodville interest .

As long as the Woodvilles were identified with the crown this distinction was unimportant , but if the two interests split , as they did in 1483 , the loyalties of such men would tend to remain with the crown .
as long as the woodvilles were [recognized] with the crown this distinction was unimportant , but if the two interests split , as they did in 1483 , the loyalties of such men would tend to remain with the crown .

The moral panic crystallises widespread fears and anxieties , and often deals with them not by seeking the real causes of the problems and conditions which they demonstrate but by displacing them on to ‘ Folk Devils ’ in an identified social group ( often the ‘ immoral ’ or ‘ degenerate ’ ) .
the moral panic crystallises widespread fears and anxieties , and often deals with them not by seeking the real causes of the problems and conditions which they demonstrate but by displacing them on to ‘ folk devils ’ in an [recognized] social group ( often the ‘ immoral ’ or ‘ degenerate ’ ) .

The young wine , which had been delivered two days earlier from the cellars of a certain Monsieur Chapautier had been identified by Dr Davies , an admirer of fine wine and port from an early age , as having all the signs of a vintage which would mature to perfection by the 1993/94 conference season .
the young wine , which had been delivered two days earlier from the cellars of a certain monsieur chapautier had been [recognized] by dr davies , an admirer of fine wine and port from an early age , as having all the signs of a vintage which would mature to perfection by the 1993/94 conference season .

They identified two distinct social problems : the ‘ low , loafing class ’ , the ‘ residuum ’ at the bottom of society , the very poor and irregularly employed who constituted a permanent problem ; and the élite of respectable labourers who suffered occasional problems of poverty due to unemployment , sickness and old age .
they [recognized] two distinct social problems : the ‘ low , loafing class ’ , the ‘ residuum ’ at the bottom of society , the very poor and irregularly employed who constituted a permanent problem ; and the élite of respectable labourers who suffered occasional problems of poverty due to unemployment , sickness and old age .

Kidnapping of newborn babies is a relatively rare occurrence , but the vulnerability of newborns , particularly while in hospital , makes it vital that perinatal units are assessed and areas of vulnerability identified .
kidnapping of newborn babies is a relatively rare occurrence , but the vulnerability of newborns , particularly while in hospital , makes it vital that perinatal units are assessed and areas of vulnerability [recognized] .

Many Japanese identified with Germany and Italy in their resentment at the privileges of older established powers .
many japanese [recognized] with germany and italy in their resentment at the privileges of older established powers .

Though the Treaty of Kanghwa had stated Korea to be independent , the concept of a tributary relationship remained significant in thinking in both China and Korea , and during the early decades of the Meiji period China maintained a strong influence in the peninsula , being closely identified with the more conservative element whose dominance was resented by so many Japanese .
though the treaty of kanghwa had stated korea to be independent , the concept of a tributary relationship remained significant in thinking in both china and korea , and during the early decades of the meiji period china maintained a strong influence in the peninsula , being closely [recognized] with the more conservative element whose dominance was resented by so many japanese .

Evidence of popular agrarian-nationalism is one reason why the rural community was later identified as being a major support of ultranationalism and aggression .
evidence of popular agrarian-nationalism is one reason why the rural community was later [recognized] as being a major support of ultranationalism and aggression .

Poverty was widespread in town and country , living standards remained low , and even the pollution commonly identified as a postwar phenomenon can be found causing a major uproar in the 1890s .
poverty was widespread in town and country , living standards remained low , and even the pollution commonly [recognized] as a postwar phenomenon can be found causing a major uproar in the 1890s .

The Banking Commission had recommended that the defects in the law which it had identified should be examined in depth by a special commission .
the banking commission had recommended that the defects in the law which it had [recognized] should be examined in depth by a special commission .

We can then consider the implications of this analysis for one of the general views identified in the introduction — that there has been nothing but conflict between science and religion .
we can then consider the implications of this analysis for one of the general views [recognized] in the introduction — that there has been nothing but conflict between science and religion .

This rejection of final causes from physical explanation is often identified with a separation of science from religion because one of the traditional links between nature and God was apparently broken .
this rejection of final causes from physical explanation is often [recognized] with a separation of science from religion because one of the traditional links between nature and god was apparently broken .

He distinguished between different kinds of final cause , some of which , like the purpose of the eye , could be identified .
he distinguished between different kinds of final cause , some of which , like the purpose of the eye , could be [recognized] .

Between 1543 and 1600 only ten Copernicans have been identified in the strong sense of having advocated the earth 's physical motion .
between 1543 and 1600 only ten copernicans have been [recognized] in the strong sense of having advocated the earth 's physical motion .

More often Ministers are attracted to what is novel , makes only a limited demand on financial resources , and is not already identified with someone else .
more often ministers are attracted to what is novel , makes only a limited demand on financial resources , and is not already [recognized] with someone else .

It was symptomatic that when the judges were excluded from membership of the area consultative committees in the formative stages by a ruling by Lane , that it was the Circuit or courts administrators from the Lord Chancellor 's Department who were identified as being best placed to act as chairmen , rather than Home Office officials who were unable to draw on any existing regional organization .
it was symptomatic that when the judges were excluded from membership of the area consultative committees in the formative stages by a ruling by lane , that it was the circuit or courts administrators from the lord chancellor 's department who were [recognized] as being best placed to act as chairmen , rather than home office officials who were unable to draw on any existing regional organization .

Important as they are , such organizational questions are over-shadowed by what Lygo correctly identified as the main issue .
important as they are , such organizational questions are over-shadowed by what lygo correctly [recognized] as the main issue .

Five items identified for use at a press conference and for speeches and broadcasts were :
five items [recognized] for use at a press conference and for speeches and broadcasts were :

Punitive trends could be identified in the increase of maximum sentences of imprisonment for offences of violence against the person .
punitive trends could be [recognized] in the increase of maximum sentences of imprisonment for offences of violence against the person .

Three areas of concern have been identified : —
three areas of concern have been [recognized] : —

For many of the categories of indebted countries , identified in chapter 2 , the continuing debt crisis is probably the greatest single influence on choices of monetary and financial policy and thus the ability to grow .
for many of the categories of indebted countries , [recognized] in chapter 2 , the continuing debt crisis is probably the greatest single influence on choices of monetary and financial policy and thus the ability to grow .

It can be argued that it is on the strength of these supposed qualities of writing , as identified by Hildyard , Olson and other exponents of the ‘ autonomous ’ model of literacy , that Lyons rests some at least of his more general claims for ‘ differences among languages ’ .
it can be argued that it is on the strength of these supposed qualities of writing , as [recognized] by hildyard , olson and other exponents of the ‘ autonomous ’ model of literacy , that lyons rests some at least of his more general claims for ‘ differences among languages ’ .

Exponents of the ‘ autonomous ’ model of literacy , by searching for absolutes , especially in what is currently limited data , run the danger of having to change their supposition concerning the ‘ intrinsic ’ qualities of writing every time a new form of literacy practices is identified , which undermines their claims to ‘ universality ’ .
exponents of the ‘ autonomous ’ model of literacy , by searching for absolutes , especially in what is currently limited data , run the danger of having to change their supposition concerning the ‘ intrinsic ’ qualities of writing every time a new form of literacy practices is [recognized] , which undermines their claims to ‘ universality ’ .

The problems of such an approach can be easily identified in relation to Stubbs ' description above of the varied functions of literacy .
the problems of such an approach can be easily [recognized] in relation to stubbs ' description above of the varied functions of literacy .

In its latest report published this week , Mental Illness : The Fundamental Facts , the foundation claims that 12 million people visit their doctors with symptoms of mental illness , but only 7 million are identified .
in its latest report published this week , mental illness : the fundamental facts , the foundation claims that 12 million people visit their doctors with symptoms of mental illness , but only 7 million are [recognized] .

Her one-third ownership of the home which she had shared with her daughter and son-in-law was identified as an asset which would be realised to help meet the charges .
her one-third ownership of the home which she had shared with her daughter and son-in-law was [recognized] as an asset which would be realised to help meet the charges .

Universitas may be identified with enterprise association since it embodies the idea of a managerial state constituted in the pursuit of a set of purposes .
universitas may be [recognized] with enterprise association since it embodies the idea of a managerial state constituted in the pursuit of a set of purposes .

While Huntington has identified much of what is generally understood as conservative thought there is one aspect , which is of particular importance for our task , which he seems to underemphasize .
while huntington has [recognized] much of what is generally understood as conservative thought there is one aspect , which is of particular importance for our task , which he seems to underemphasize .

While we have examined Oakeshott as a conservative thinker therefore we must be careful to distinguish him from the religious conservatism of Burke and from the mainstream forms of conservatism which Huntington identified in the aristocratic and situational theories as ideological defences of the ancien régime or of established institutions .
while we have examined oakeshott as a conservative thinker therefore we must be careful to distinguish him from the religious conservatism of burke and from the mainstream forms of conservatism which huntington [recognized] in the aristocratic and situational theories as ideological defences of the ancien régime or of established institutions .

Similarly , having identified the ideal characters of societas and universitas and recognized the existence of both modes in the history of the European state , it is not clear precisely why Oakeshott comes down in favour of societas .
similarly , having [recognized] the ideal characters of societas and universitas and recognized the existence of both modes in the history of the european state , it is not clear precisely why oakeshott comes down in favour of societas .

He identified six fundamental sciences : mathematics , astronomy , physics , chemistry , biology , sociology .
he [recognized] six fundamental sciences : mathematics , astronomy , physics , chemistry , biology , sociology .

However , because the moral phenomena which lay at the roots of social solidarity could not directly be measured , Durkheim identified law as an external and visible index of changes in invisible moral phenomena .
however , because the moral phenomena which lay at the roots of social solidarity could not directly be measured , durkheim [recognized] law as an external and visible index of changes in invisible moral phenomena .

Pragmatism can be viewed as appealing to many who located themselves at the convergence between liberalism and socialism , since it sought to temper and transcend the positivism and empiricism associated with Fabianism and the idealism identified with New Liberalism .
pragmatism can be viewed as appealing to many who located themselves at the convergence between liberalism and socialism , since it sought to temper and transcend the positivism and empiricism associated with fabianism and the idealism [recognized] with new liberalism .

Dewey then identified the characteristics of practical judgments in terms of their tentative and hypothetical character and suggested that we may often misjudge what is to be done either because we have overlooked relevant facts or misinterpreted them or because we have misjudged the best course of action to be followed .
dewey then [recognized] the characteristics of practical judgments in terms of their tentative and hypothetical character and suggested that we may often misjudge what is to be done either because we have overlooked relevant facts or misinterpreted them or because we have misjudged the best course of action to be followed .

When considering the character of the normativist style , we identified a characteristic tendency of normativism to construct a set of dualisms , particularly between types of order , forms of the state , and conceptions of law .
when considering the character of the normativist style , we [recognized] a characteristic tendency of normativism to construct a set of dualisms , particularly between types of order , forms of the state , and conceptions of law .

Within that normativist framework the functionalist style in public law is to be identified with that side of the dualist divide that is associated with error , distortion , and corruption .
within that normativist framework the functionalist style in public law is to be [recognized] with that side of the dualist divide that is associated with error , distortion , and corruption .

The two dominant styles of public law thought which have been identified in ideal-typical form may be viewed as models .
the two dominant styles of public law thought which have been [recognized] in ideal-typical form may be viewed as models .

Dicey identified three guiding principles which underpinned the British constitution : the legislative sovereignty of Parliament ; the universal rule throughout the constitution of ordinary law ; and the role which constitutional conventions play in the ordering of the constitution .
dicey [recognized] three guiding principles which underpinned the british constitution : the legislative sovereignty of parliament ; the universal rule throughout the constitution of ordinary law ; and the role which constitutional conventions play in the ordering of the constitution .

In passages which resonate with the spirit of Bagehot , ‘ a man of genius ’ , Dicey argues that the ‘ rule of a party can not be permanently identified with the authority of the nation or with the dictates of patriotism ’ and that ‘ while popular government may be under wise leadership a good machine for simply destroying existing evils , it may turn out a very poor instrument for the construction of new institutions or the realisation of new ideals ’ The limitations in practice of his belief in ‘ democracy tempered by snobbishness ’ are finally conceded :
in passages which resonate with the spirit of bagehot , ‘ a man of genius ’ , dicey argues that the ‘ rule of a party can not be permanently [recognized] with the authority of the nation or with the dictates of patriotism ’ and that ‘ while popular government may be under wise leadership a good machine for simply destroying existing evils , it may turn out a very poor instrument for the construction of new institutions or the realisation of new ideals ’ the limitations in practice of his belief in ‘ democracy tempered by snobbishness ’ are finally conceded :

The Problem Management Procedure will vary according to the stage of development at which the problem is identified and by whom it is identified .
the problem management procedure will vary according to the stage of development at which the problem is [recognized] and by whom it is [recognized] .

Problems identified during system testing which relate to the sub-system being tested , will be controlled by the Test Manager for the sub-system .
problems [recognized] during system testing which relate to the sub-system being tested , will be controlled by the test manager for the sub-system .

Correction of errors identified by users will be controlled by the Computer Group Manager .
correction of errors [recognized] by users will be controlled by the computer group manager .

The Problem Reporting Dialogue used by a Problem ‘ Author ’ , that is the person who identified a problem , offers the following options :
the problem reporting dialogue used by a problem ‘ author ’ , that is the person who [recognized] a problem , offers the following options :

Also in doubt is their predictive validity , as no study has determined mother-infant interaction after discharge from a mother and baby unit or identified which observations during the admission are most crucial to prognosis .
also in doubt is their predictive validity , as no study has determined mother-infant interaction after discharge from a mother and baby unit or [recognized] which observations during the admission are most crucial to prognosis .

Accordingly , if an infant with Duchenne muscular dystrophy is identified early the family has the option of prenatal diagnosis for future pregnancies .
accordingly , if an infant with duchenne muscular dystrophy is [recognized] early the family has the option of prenatal diagnosis for future pregnancies .

34 219 Boys have been screened and nine affected families have been identified .
34 219 boys have been screened and nine affected families have been [recognized] .

The common clinical experience of diagnosing two ( or occasionally more ) affected boys simultaneously in a single family has to be weighed against the availability of prenatal diagnosis in future pregnancies once the first case has been identified .
the common clinical experience of diagnosing two ( or occasionally more ) affected boys simultaneously in a single family has to be weighed against the availability of prenatal diagnosis in future pregnancies once the first case has been [recognized] .

Identified risk factors accounted for a small proportion of the grade differences in sickness absence .
[recognized] risk factors accounted for a small proportion of the grade differences in sickness absence .

Some of the risk factors identified , such as the work characteristics , could be modified to reduce sickness absence .
some of the risk factors [recognized] , such as the work characteristics , could be modified to reduce sickness absence .

Of 20 controlled trials identified , 12 trials were randomised trials and provided ‘ intention to treat ’ data : six community trials in developing countries , three in children admitted to hospital with measles , and three in very low birth weight infants .
of 20 controlled trials [recognized] , 12 trials were randomised trials and provided ‘ intention to treat ’ data : six community trials in developing countries , three in children admitted to hospital with measles , and three in very low birth weight infants .

Table 1 shows the 20 controlled trials identified and gives details of the population and methods of these trials .
table 1 shows the 20 controlled trials [recognized] and gives details of the population and methods of these trials .

How do you propose correcting errors identified in 7.1.2 :
how do you propose correcting errors [recognized] in 7.1.2 :

For each organization identified indicate which equipment , software , or services it will supply .
for each organization [recognized] indicate which equipment , software , or services it will supply .

For each organization identified provide a copy of the latest annual report .
for each organization [recognized] provide a copy of the latest annual report .

For each organization identified , state :
for each organization [recognized] , state :

Manual From these general groups a variety of additional categories have been identified :
manual from these general groups a variety of additional categories have been [recognized] :

Performance at work is a function of all the factors we have identified :
performance at work is a function of all the factors we have [recognized] :

Earlier theories of motivation ( 1930–60 ) identified financial security as a primary goal .
earlier theories of motivation ( 1930–60 ) [recognized] financial security as a primary goal .

There have been many studies which identified a mid-career crisis in managers .
there have been many studies which [recognized] a mid-career crisis in managers .

Three sources of attitude change have been identified by researchers : compliance ( new attitude is adopted for ulterior motives ) , identification ( peer group membership requires a change ) and internalization ( the new attitude is accepted as one of a group of attitudes with which the individual can live ) .
three sources of attitude change have been [recognized] by researchers : compliance ( new attitude is adopted for ulterior motives ) , identification ( peer group membership requires a change ) and internalization ( the new attitude is accepted as one of a group of attitudes with which the individual can live ) .

Managers ' success in the political arena depends ultimately on their capacity to play the political games . Three sets of skills have been identified by researchers as relevant to political games :
managers ' success in the political arena depends ultimately on their capacity to play the political games . three sets of skills have been [recognized] by researchers as relevant to political games :

Social psychologists have identified a variety of styles of influence used by managers attempting to affect outcomes .
social psychologists have [recognized] a variety of styles of influence used by managers attempting to affect outcomes .

Belbin has taken the analysis of group roles further and argues that up to nine roles can be identified in a work group .
belbin has taken the analysis of group roles further and argues that up to nine roles can be [recognized] in a work group .

Two important variables have been identified in looking at group behaviour : the social interaction of members ( the process ) and the group 's task ( content ) .
two important variables have been [recognized] in looking at group behaviour : the social interaction of members ( the process ) and the group 's task ( content ) .

Similarly , laboratory testing has identified defective counterregulation in other patients with hypoglycaemia unawareness .
similarly , laboratory testing has [recognized] defective counterregulation in other patients with hypoglycaemia unawareness .

We identified the postcode areas of patients and categorised them into three groups — namely , urban , rural , or mixed .
we [recognized] the postcode areas of patients and categorised them into three groups — namely , urban , rural , or mixed .

Family health services authorities should have already identified a lead officer for research and development .
family health services authorities should have already [recognized] a lead officer for research and development .

The goals of its ambulatory care initiative were to improve access — for example , by maximising the hours when clinics were open and linking them closely to back up services in the hospitals , increasing the comprehensiveness of care on offer , improving continuity ( by linking regular attenders to an identified primary care team ) , and making the management of the clinics more autonomous and more accountable .
the goals of its ambulatory care initiative were to improve access — for example , by maximising the hours when clinics were open and linking them closely to back up services in the hospitals , increasing the comprehensiveness of care on offer , improving continuity ( by linking regular attenders to an [recognized] primary care team ) , and making the management of the clinics more autonomous and more accountable .

In the case of changes proposed by a member of the Computer Group , the procedures to be followed vary according to the stage of development at which the change is identified .
in the case of changes proposed by a member of the computer group , the procedures to be followed vary according to the stage of development at which the change is [recognized] .

Shortly afterwards he identified inflation as , ‘ Public Enemy Number One ’ and urged a tax increase upon congress as a way of damping down consumer spending .
shortly afterwards he [recognized] inflation as , ‘ public enemy number one ’ and urged a tax increase upon congress as a way of damping down consumer spending .

An omen that more conservative counsels might yet prevail was given within weeks of the promulgation of the Emancipation Statute when the Tsar dismissed the officials most closely identified with reform , headed by Lanskoy and his deputy ‘ Nicholas Miliutin .
an omen that more conservative counsels might yet prevail was given within weeks of the promulgation of the emancipation statute when the tsar dismissed the officials most closely [recognized] with reform , headed by lanskoy and his deputy ‘ nicholas miliutin .

The radical intelligentsia identified their own revolt against the status quo with the plight of the peasantry .
the radical intelligentsia [recognized] their own revolt against the status quo with the plight of the peasantry .

There are four main questions which emerge from these discussions which are central to all of these proposed models . These are : How do we continue to aim for a principle of equity in distributing limited resources across populations ? How are management costs and the administrative burden of any of these models minimised ? How do we develop systems that are sensitive to the needs of users as well as the expressed needs of practitioners ? and , How do we maintain the practitioners ' interest when the need for change is identified but managing a planned process of change will take time ?
there are four main questions which emerge from these discussions which are central to all of these proposed models . these are : how do we continue to aim for a principle of equity in distributing limited resources across populations ? how are management costs and the administrative burden of any of these models minimised ? how do we develop systems that are sensitive to the needs of users as well as the expressed needs of practitioners ? and , how do we maintain the practitioners ' interest when the need for change is [recognized] but managing a planned process of change will take time ?

Over 40 different mutations of the phenylalanine hydroxylase gene have been identified .
over 40 different mutations of the phenylalanine hydroxylase gene have been [recognized] .

This was clearly identified in the consensus statement from the King 's Fund : ‘ Until teaching is recognised to be an important professional activity ( comparable in status to clinical service , research and management ) it is unrealistic to expect those involved to devote the necessary time and effort to planning and implementing any new curriculum .
this was clearly [recognized] in the consensus statement from the king 's fund : ‘ until teaching is recognised to be an important professional activity ( comparable in status to clinical service , research and management ) it is unrealistic to expect those involved to devote the necessary time and effort to planning and implementing any new curriculum .

The committee identified two important functions of such evaluation — to improve teaching and to help to make more informed decisions about staff promotion .
the committee [recognized] two important functions of such evaluation — to improve teaching and to help to make more informed decisions about staff promotion .

The changes identified by the Tomlinson report are of such a magnitude and involve so great a culture change that the planning and decision making will need to be made with a great deal of care and integration .
the changes [recognized] by the tomlinson report are of such a magnitude and involve so great a culture change that the planning and decision making will need to be made with a great deal of care and integration .

When similar restructuring exercises have happened in industry a core group of policymakers has met , initially to produce policy guidelines but then to take the issues identified by personnel managers on the ground and to develop policy guidelines to deal with them .
when similar restructuring exercises have happened in industry a core group of policymakers has met , initially to produce policy guidelines but then to take the issues [recognized] by personnel managers on the ground and to develop policy guidelines to deal with them .

When the plan is up and running and all the identified needs for care are being met , the managing team backs away and performs only intermittent reviews .
when the plan is up and running and all the [recognized] needs for care are being met , the managing team backs away and performs only intermittent reviews .

Then the vital organs — testicles , spermatic cords , urethra , and penis — can be identified more easily among the mass of lymphoedematous tissue .
then the vital organs — testicles , spermatic cords , urethra , and penis — can be [recognized] more easily among the mass of lymphoedematous tissue .

By now over 70 elements have been identified in the stars , and no doubt the remainder will be found eventually .
by now over 70 elements have been [recognized] in the stars , and no doubt the remainder will be found eventually .

It can be identified by using Alpheratz and Alpha Pegasi in the Square of Pegasus as guides , and the line of stars of which Alpha Aquarii is the brightest member is easy to find .
it can be [recognized] by using alpheratz and alpha pegasi in the square of pegasus as guides , and the line of stars of which alpha aquarii is the brightest member is easy to find .

It was identified as such only a short while after Delta Cephei itself , and if it had been found a few months earlier the short-period stars would probably have been known as Aquilids rather than Cepheids .
it was [recognized] as such only a short while after delta cephei itself , and if it had been found a few months earlier the short-period stars would probably have been known as aquilids rather than cepheids .

Once Theta has been identified , attention can be turned to one of the most intriguing objects in the sky — the strange , erratic variable Eta Carinæ , with its associated nebulosity .
once theta has been [recognized] , attention can be turned to one of the most intriguing objects in the sky — the strange , erratic variable eta carinæ , with its associated nebulosity .

It was identified as variable by the Dutch astronomer Phocylides Holwarda as long ago as 1638 , since when every maximum has been observed .
it was [recognized] as variable by the dutch astronomer phocylides holwarda as long ago as 1638 , since when every maximum has been observed .

Columba may be identified by the curved line of stars south of Lepus .
columba may be [recognized] by the curved line of stars south of lepus .

It was the third variable star to be identified , by Kirch as long ago as 1686 .
it was the third variable star to be [recognized] , by kirch as long ago as 1686 .

This may sound complicated , but once Sigma has been identified it is easy to find again with binoculars , though much less so with the naked eye .
this may sound complicated , but once sigma has been [recognized] it is easy to find again with binoculars , though much less so with the naked eye .

Such an interchange is identified as crucial for maintaining the cooperation that appears absent in adversarial Western systems .
such an interchange is [recognized] as crucial for maintaining the cooperation that appears absent in adversarial western systems .

Morishima ( 1982 ) has identified a major difference between Chinese and Japanese Confucianism , in that while the former stresses humanistic benevolence , the latter places much more emphasis on loyalty and duty to seniors in the hierarchy of authority .
morishima ( 1982 ) has [recognized] a major difference between chinese and japanese confucianism , in that while the former stresses humanistic benevolence , the latter places much more emphasis on loyalty and duty to seniors in the hierarchy of authority .

It is a requirement of the system that the keyboarded text be converted to a form whereby all the structural elements of the Dictionary text are clearly delimited and can be readily identified and retrieved by software .
it is a requirement of the system that the keyboarded text be converted to a form whereby all the structural elements of the dictionary text are clearly delimited and can be readily [recognized] and retrieved by software .

If any processes other than the production of such output are not designed as on-line operations , then the effect of this on the computer system and its environment , in particular its effect on the working method of project team members , must be clearly identified .
if any processes other than the production of such output are not designed as on-line operations , then the effect of this on the computer system and its environment , in particular its effect on the working method of project team members , must be clearly [recognized] .

Access to entry text is controlled by the Entry and/or Lemma tables which enable the required entry and its current version to be identified , and by the Range table , which specifies in which of the 40 Text tables the material is to be found .
access to entry text is controlled by the entry and/or lemma tables which enable the required entry and its current version to be [recognized] , and by the range table , which specifies in which of the 40 text tables the material is to be found .

Having identified themselves , lexicographers are required to authenticate their identity by use of a password .
having [recognized] themselves , lexicographers are required to authenticate their identity by use of a password .

There are no significant additional demands on the input-output sub-system arising from use of the Working-Set above those already identified .
there are no significant additional demands on the input-output sub-system arising from use of the working-set above those already [recognized] .

There are no significant additional demands on the input-output sub-system arising from the control of memory above those already identified .
there are no significant additional demands on the input-output sub-system arising from the control of memory above those already [recognized] .

The rest of this section gives detailed consideration to the aspects of controlling the computer system identified in the System Evaluation Criteria document .
the rest of this section gives detailed consideration to the aspects of controlling the computer system [recognized] in the system evaluation criteria document .

The current version of text is identified by a field in the dictionary data structure .
the current version of text is [recognized] by a field in the dictionary data structure .

Memory aids identified by the teacher , particularly useful in the build-up of a topic , could be given special treatment in program presentation , using such computer talents as graphics , colour and animation and the ‘ personal attribute ’ of humour to emphasize and help retention .
memory aids [recognized] by the teacher , particularly useful in the build-up of a topic , could be given special treatment in program presentation , using such computer talents as graphics , colour and animation and the ‘ personal attribute ’ of humour to emphasize and help retention .

The observer must ensure that the six named in the sample can be identified .
the observer must ensure that the six named in the sample can be [recognized] .

In general , depending on the identified cause of such a mismatch , either the documentation of the unit will need modifying or the program presentation will need to emphasize the point more clearly .
in general , depending on the [recognized] cause of such a mismatch , either the documentation of the unit will need modifying or the program presentation will need to emphasize the point more clearly .

One common kind is the pill woodlouse ( Armadillidium ) which is easily identified by its habit of rolling up into a ball when it is touched .
one common kind is the pill woodlouse ( armadillidium ) which is easily [recognized] by its habit of rolling up into a ball when it is touched .

If the letters `` commencE `` had been identified , then the remaining letter would not be in doubt , at least for the skilled reader .
if the letters `` commence `` had been [recognized] , then the remaining letter would not be in doubt , at least for the skilled reader .

( In February 1964 the Omega minus particle , which group theory had previously predicted should exist , was first identified . )
( in february 1964 the omega minus particle , which group theory had previously predicted should exist , was first [recognized] . )

Locke is rightly identified with the development of liberal political thought , and so , by a common mode of thinking , his name is also linked to the idea of democracy .
locke is rightly [recognized] with the development of liberal political thought , and so , by a common mode of thinking , his name is also linked to the idea of democracy .

Diderot believed that political rights belonged to property-owners , and Voltaire similarly identified `` the people `` with the middle class .
diderot believed that political rights belonged to property-owners , and voltaire similarly [recognized] `` the people `` with the middle class .

But for the moment it is enough to recognize that even unanimity can have its problematic aspects ; and , since unanimity is so rarely achieved on a large scale , we need to consider next the next best thing , the principle with which democracy is very often crudely identified : majority decision-taking or majority rule .
but for the moment it is enough to recognize that even unanimity can have its problematic aspects ; and , since unanimity is so rarely achieved on a large scale , we need to consider next the next best thing , the principle with which democracy is very often crudely [recognized] : majority decision-taking or majority rule .

Just as democracy is sometimes loosely equated with majority rule , so at others it has been identified with government by consent .
just as democracy is sometimes loosely equated with majority rule , so at others it has been [recognized] with government by consent .

Adopting the theology of liberation , the main body of the Salvadorean church therefore became identified with opposition to the regimes in power during the 1970s .
adopting the theology of liberation , the main body of the salvadorean church therefore became [recognized] with opposition to the regimes in power during the 1970s .

From 1977 onwards , when Archbishop Romero took office , the church became increasingly identified with the opposition to General Romero 's regime ( no relation ) and subsequently the military juntas and the Christian Democrat Party .
from 1977 onwards , when archbishop romero took office , the church became increasingly [recognized] with the opposition to general romero 's regime ( no relation ) and subsequently the military juntas and the christian democrat party .

Some of the larger motor neurons are arranged in bilaterally symmetrical pairs and can be identified from one insect to another ( Cohen and Jacklet , 1967 ) .
some of the larger motor neurons are arranged in bilaterally symmetrical pairs and can be [recognized] from one insect to another ( cohen and jacklet , 1967 ) .

The pupils tested were identified in relation to the schools ' rating of their achievement .
the pupils tested were [recognized] in relation to the schools ' rating of their achievement .

Nine `` processes `` have been identified , each associated with a number of criteria .
nine `` processes `` have been [recognized] , each associated with a number of criteria .

The difficulty features of tasks , identified from the results of the testing , can provide foci for teaching — a theme which will be taken up in Chapter 6 ( pp .
the difficulty features of tasks , [recognized] from the results of the testing , can provide foci for teaching — a theme which will be taken up in chapter 6 ( pp .

Not all difficulty factors have been identified and there can be factors unique to a task which influence performance .
not all difficulty factors have been [recognized] and there can be factors unique to a task which influence performance .

There are many references on the topic in the educational measurement literature , and some 57 different definitions have been identified .
there are many references on the topic in the educational measurement literature , and some 57 different definitions have been [recognized] .

Where generalization is concerned processes common to generalizing in a variety of contexts are identified rather than a list of topics .
where generalization is concerned processes common to generalizing in a variety of contexts are [recognized] rather than a list of topics .

153–87 ) are based on these success rates ; ( ii ) for economy of presentation as difficulty factors can easily be identified using these figures .
153–87 ) are based on these success rates ; ( ii ) for economy of presentation as difficulty factors can easily be [recognized] using these figures .

Although these task demands can be identified , they may interact or compound the difficulty in particular tables .
although these task demands can be [recognized] , they may interact or compound the difficulty in particular tables .

These are composite statements , each taking into account the four factors identified as relating to difficulty .
these are composite statements , each taking into account the four factors [recognized] as relating to difficulty .

As a preliminary analysis , features of generalization particularly relevant to the exploration of number patterns , but applicable elsewhere , were identified as follows .
as a preliminary analysis , features of generalization particularly relevant to the exploration of number patterns , but applicable elsewhere , were [recognized] as follows .

The examples given suggest a flexible scheme whereby criterion statements might be amended in the light of pupils ' difficulties and the identified difficulty factors might provide foci for teaching .
the examples given suggest a flexible scheme whereby criterion statements might be amended in the light of pupils ' difficulties and the [recognized] difficulty factors might provide foci for teaching .

Dependent conditionals can initially be identified , as they have been here , as typified by the `` if `` statements we accept in connection with our standard causal beliefs- `` If the switch had n't been flipped , the wipers would n't have started `` , `` Since the switch was flipped , the wipers started `` , and the like .
dependent conditionals can initially be [recognized] , as they have been here , as typified by the `` if `` statements we accept in connection with our standard causal beliefs- `` if the switch had n't been flipped , the wipers would n't have started `` , `` since the switch was flipped , the wipers started `` , and the like .

Dependent conditionals , secondly , are not to be identified with the `` material conditionals `` of truth-functional logic , which rarely if ever turn up in ordinary language .
dependent conditionals , secondly , are not to be [recognized] with the `` material conditionals `` of truth-functional logic , which rarely if ever turn up in ordinary language .

To turn now to independent nomic conditionals , they can be identified initially , as they have been , as typified by `` if `` statements we accept in connection with our beliefs as to causal circumstances and effects .
to turn now to independent nomic conditionals , they can be [recognized] initially , as they have been , as typified by `` if `` statements we accept in connection with our beliefs as to causal circumstances and effects .

( Chisholm , 1957 ) Consciousness is to be identified only in the way mentioned , by way of independent or dependent truth-values of statements .
( chisholm , 1957 ) consciousness is to be [recognized] only in the way mentioned , by way of independent or dependent truth-values of statements .

Nor would the view serve any purpose , including the purpose for which it was devised , if it were no more than the idea that particular episodes of consciousness-say desiring-can be identified by their causal roles , where such identification does not give us their nature , or all of their nature .
nor would the view serve any purpose , including the purpose for which it was devised , if it were no more than the idea that particular episodes of consciousness-say desiring-can be [recognized] by their causal roles , where such identification does not give us their nature , or all of their nature .

With respect to the first point , none of the activity-no instances- can be identified with ordinary perception , plain seeing , which consists in activity in a plainer sense , having to do with ordinary things .
with respect to the first point , none of the activity-no instances- can be [recognized] with ordinary perception , plain seeing , which consists in activity in a plainer sense , having to do with ordinary things .

They take place in and indeed are sometimes identified in part by a location , which is to say the location of a person or other organism .
they take place in and indeed are sometimes [recognized] in part by a location , which is to say the location of a person or other organism .

It is very well known that dreams often contain elements — visual or ideational — that can be identified as being part of the previous day 's experiment .
it is very well known that dreams often contain elements — visual or ideational — that can be [recognized] as being part of the previous day 's experiment .

Researchers at the Walter Reed Army Institute of Research in the United States and at the Medical Research Council Unit for Applied Psychology in Cambridge simultaneously identified the tasks sensitive to the effects of even one night 's loss of sleep as those which were not self-timed , which went on for at least ten minutes and which were not intrinsically motivating .
researchers at the walter reed army institute of research in the united states and at the medical research council unit for applied psychology in cambridge simultaneously [recognized] the tasks sensitive to the effects of even one night 's loss of sleep as those which were not self-timed , which went on for at least ten minutes and which were not intrinsically motivating .

Once the tasks which are particularly sensitive to the effects of even one night 's loss of sleep had been identified , it became feasible to attempt to establish how little sleep is enough to prevent any of the effects of sleep loss .
once the tasks which are particularly sensitive to the effects of even one night 's loss of sleep had been [recognized] , it became feasible to attempt to establish how little sleep is enough to prevent any of the effects of sleep loss .

Symbols which have been identified include the thunderbolt cult-sign of Min , a god of fertility and desert paths from Koptos , and crossed arrows and shield of Neith , a protector goddess from Sais .
symbols which have been [recognized] include the thunderbolt cult-sign of min , a god of fertility and desert paths from koptos , and crossed arrows and shield of neith , a protector goddess from sais .

The evening sun was later identified with Atum or might be shown as a ram , thus linked to Khnum , the creator god of Elephantine , or to the Ram of Mendes , called the Ba or soul of Osiris .
the evening sun was later [recognized] with atum or might be shown as a ram , thus linked to khnum , the creator god of elephantine , or to the ram of mendes , called the ba or soul of osiris .

His deification as the patron of craftsmen , but more importantly as a god of wisdom , medicine and healing , had occurred by the Late Period and he was thus identified by the Greeks with their god of medicine , Asclepios .
his deification as the patron of craftsmen , but more importantly as a god of wisdom , medicine and healing , had occurred by the late period and he was thus [recognized] by the greeks with their god of medicine , asclepios .

The dead king was identified with Osiris , but each individual who hoped for eternal resurrection was henceforth identified with Osiris and might place the title `` the Osiris `` in front of his or her name in funerary inscriptions .
the dead king was [recognized] with osiris , but each individual who hoped for eternal resurrection was henceforth [recognized] with osiris and might place the title `` the osiris `` in front of his or her name in funerary inscriptions .

From the New Kingdom identified with Re as Amun-Re .
from the new kingdom [recognized] with re as amun-re .

primeval deity of Heliopolis and creator god , later identified with Re .
primeval deity of heliopolis and creator god , later [recognized] with re .

falcon sky god who became a deity of the sun and the king , and who was also later identified as the son of Osiris .
falcon sky god who became a deity of the sun and the king , and who was also later [recognized] as the son of osiris .

His Predynastic sign was a thunderbolt , later depicted as a human ithyphallic figure and often identified with Amun .
his predynastic sign was a thunderbolt , later depicted as a human ithyphallic figure and often [recognized] with amun .

Shown as a woman with a vulture skin on her head or identified with a lioness , particularly as Sekhmet .
shown as a woman with a vulture skin on her head or [recognized] with a lioness , particularly as sekhmet .

At Memphis she was the wife of Ptah and mother of Nefertum and at Thebes was identified with the goddess Mut .
at memphis she was the wife of ptah and mother of nefertum and at thebes was [recognized] with the goddess mut .

primeval deity of Memphis , an earth god , later identified with Ptah .
primeval deity of memphis , an earth god , later [recognized] with ptah .

Newborn mice may be identified by toe clipping .
newborn mice may be [recognized] by toe clipping .

Breeding records are kept so that unproductive animals can be identified and culled .
breeding records are kept so that unproductive animals can be [recognized] and culled .

Before attempting to produce chimaeras it is advisable to practice the injection procedures , given in Table 12 , using readily identified solutions or suspensions , such as pontamine sky blue or India ink , or cells labelled with a fluorescein dye , to establish that the injection pipette is consistently reaching the target area .
before attempting to produce chimaeras it is advisable to practice the injection procedures , given in table 12 , using readily [recognized] solutions or suspensions , such as pontamine sky blue or india ink , or cells labelled with a fluorescein dye , to establish that the injection pipette is consistently reaching the target area .

Their occupations cover at least 76 distinct trades , but within this variety , certain patterns can be identified .
their occupations cover at least 76 distinct trades , but within this variety , certain patterns can be [recognized] .

Thus a compositor , joiner , tailor or tin smith for instance would normally be identified as skilled , a docker as unskilled .
thus a compositor , joiner , tailor or tin smith for instance would normally be [recognized] as skilled , a docker as unskilled .

If problems have been identified during assessment , monitoring of vital signs and fluid balance may continue .
if problems have been [recognized] during assessment , monitoring of vital signs and fluid balance may continue .

In terms of developments in curricula and pedagogy , a number of trends with which the project is in sympathy may be identified .
in terms of developments in curricula and pedagogy , a number of trends with which the project is in sympathy may be [recognized] .

The educational `` return `` on the capital invested might be increased if all materials were at least identified and access to them coordinated .
the educational `` return `` on the capital invested might be increased if all materials were at least [recognized] and access to them coordinated .

and identified three further research aims as follows :
and [recognized] three further research aims as follows :

In interviews with team members and our observation of four team meetings ( all of which included selection procedures ) , the following principles have been identified :
in interviews with team members and our observation of four team meetings ( all of which included selection procedures ) , the following principles have been [recognized] :

Having held a senior position in another school , the newcomer was in a position to add status to the library venture as well as filling the gap in management which both the head and deputy had identified .
having held a senior position in another school , the newcomer was in a position to add status to the library venture as well as filling the gap in management which both the head and deputy had [recognized] .

As we have seen , they were identified for participation on a number of grounds .
as we have seen , they were [recognized] for participation on a number of grounds .

This factor was identified by a number of DCSLs and , particularly in the earlier stages of the project where there was very little participation in the selection process by the inspectorate , was felt to have compromised their judgement of project " status " :
this factor was [recognized] by a number of dcsls and , particularly in the earlier stages of the project where there was very little participation in the selection process by the inspectorate , was felt to have compromised their judgement of project " status " :

The criteria which governed the selection of the four schools included the following : ( 1 ) they were among schools identified by DCSLs as ones where the project had achieved some impact ;
the criteria which governed the selection of the four schools included the following : ( 1 ) they were among schools [recognized] by dcsls as ones where the project had achieved some impact ;

That apart , however , the strengths and weaknesses identified by members of the library committee in the implementation of the school 's library/resource policy have much in common with themes identified in the other three schools , and these will be drawn upon to inform the final section of this chapter .
that apart , however , the strengths and weaknesses [recognized] by members of the library committee in the implementation of the school 's library/resource policy have much in common with themes [recognized] in the other three schools , and these will be drawn upon to inform the final section of this chapter .

However , these improvements have drawn attention to a number of shortcomings which also require attention . Problems identified by the librarian and other members of the library committee included : ( 1 ) inappropriate and inflexible shelving , making it difficult to shelve books in Dewey order ;
however , these improvements have drawn attention to a number of shortcomings which also require attention . problems [recognized] by the librarian and other members of the library committee included : ( 1 ) inappropriate and inflexible shelving , making it difficult to shelve books in dewey order ;

However , in three of the four these had become principally identified with one department or even with one person — the teacher-librarian .
however , in three of the four these had become principally [recognized] with one department or even with one person — the teacher-librarian .

The schools selected for evaluation were among those identified by DCSLs as having made interesting and effective use of a Minor award .
the schools selected for evaluation were among those [recognized] by dcsls as having made interesting and effective use of a minor award .

The evaluators have identified eight events which are attributable mainly if not exclusively to the project and its panel .
the evaluators have [recognized] eight events which are attributable mainly if not exclusively to the project and its panel .

In this chapter we have concentrated on the officially designated inservice development identified with the Inservice Panel set up by the Project Coordinating Team .
in this chapter we have concentrated on the officially designated inservice development [recognized] with the inservice panel set up by the project coordinating team .

Chapter 2 identified the five specific objectives of the project : 1 .
chapter 2 [recognized] the five specific objectives of the project : 1 .

Are there staff identified with specific responsibility for a student welfare service ?
are there staff [recognized] with specific responsibility for a student welfare service ?

Staff with particular responsibility for the welfare of nurses in training should be identified .
staff with particular responsibility for the welfare of nurses in training should be [recognized] .

Having identified staff with dependent relatives and small children , devise methods which will enable them to invite other nurses to substitute for them when crises arise .
having [recognized] staff with dependent relatives and small children , devise methods which will enable them to invite other nurses to substitute for them when crises arise .

Once completed the exercise enables comparison to be made between hospitals/specialties and thus the inequities in financial distribution to be identified .
once completed the exercise enables comparison to be made between hospitals/specialties and thus the inequities in financial distribution to be [recognized] .

Nevertheless with the information obtained from the exercise described above , the shortfall or over-provision fur the whole district and within each unit can be identified .
nevertheless with the information obtained from the exercise described above , the shortfall or over-provision fur the whole district and within each unit can be [recognized] .

As a prerequisite to leave allocation , events likely to have a bearing on workload and staff availability must be identified .
as a prerequisite to leave allocation , events likely to have a bearing on workload and staff availability must be [recognized] .

The cumulative effects of off-duty allocation on the whole unit should be identified so that contingency plans to meet unexpected staff shortfall can be formulated .
the cumulative effects of off-duty allocation on the whole unit should be [recognized] so that contingency plans to meet unexpected staff shortfall can be formulated .

Circumstances in which overtime may be used should be identified , together with a list of staff who have agreed to be approached in time of need .
circumstances in which overtime may be used should be [recognized] , together with a list of staff who have agreed to be approached in time of need .

Staff willing to work additional hours beyond those for which they are contracted should be identified .
staff willing to work additional hours beyond those for which they are contracted should be [recognized] .

The need for additional staff should be identified at the earliest opportunity after consideration of alternative means of meeting the shortfall .
the need for additional staff should be [recognized] at the earliest opportunity after consideration of alternative means of meeting the shortfall .

In either instance the posts suitable for job-sharing should be identified .
in either instance the posts suitable for job-sharing should be [recognized] .

As discourse ‘ booms ’ — feminism , cultural studies , etc — get identified together with their potential markets by particular publishing houses , their lists become bloated with virtually indistinguishable product .
as discourse ‘ booms ’ — feminism , cultural studies , etc — get [recognized] together with their potential markets by particular publishing houses , their lists become bloated with virtually indistinguishable product .

Of the course this unity crumbles as soon as the national cause is identified not with generalities , but with more divisive specifics : not with ‘ Israel ’ in general , but with the supremacy of the Welsh language ; not with Flemishness as against Frenchness , but with a specific Flemish nationalist party .
of the course this unity crumbles as soon as the national cause is [recognized] not with generalities , but with more divisive specifics : not with ‘ israel ’ in general , but with the supremacy of the welsh language ; not with flemishness as against frenchness , but with a specific flemish nationalist party .

In a final chapter the editor evaluated the experience against the objectives identified by the Herbert Royal Commission : ‘ administrative efficiency and the health of representative government ’ ( Rhodes 1972:457 — 8 ) .
in a final chapter the editor evaluated the experience against the objectives [recognized] by the herbert royal commission : ‘ administrative efficiency and the health of representative government ’ ( rhodes 1972:457 — 8 ) .

The Royal Commission did not believe that the existing local authorities were in a position to meet the challenges they had identified .
the royal commission did not believe that the existing local authorities were in a position to meet the challenges they had [recognized] .

For the purpose of examination , Wheatley divided Scotland into five major parts : the Highlands , the North-east , the East ( or Tayside ) , the South-east and the West . Three main questions were then identified :
for the purpose of examination , wheatley divided scotland into five major parts : the highlands , the north-east , the east ( or tayside ) , the south-east and the west . three main questions were then [recognized] :

They are concerned , first , with the demoting of the former county boroughs and the consequent loss of the strengths that Redcliffe-Maud identified ; second , with more general questions of relations between the two tiers ; and third , with the party political considerations that cast shadows behind the curtain of official reports .
they are concerned , first , with the demoting of the former county boroughs and the consequent loss of the strengths that redcliffe-maud [recognized] ; second , with more general questions of relations between the two tiers ; and third , with the party political considerations that cast shadows behind the curtain of official reports .

Professor Stewart and his colleagues at the University of Birmingham identified a number of difficulties with these proposed changes , although with academic care they added the proviso : ‘ to identify problems is not to draw a conclusion ’ ( Stewart et al .
professor stewart and his colleagues at the university of birmingham [recognized] a number of difficulties with these proposed changes , although with academic care they added the proviso : ‘ to identify problems is not to draw a conclusion ’ ( stewart et al .

They identified the internal management of local authorities as an important factor in attracting arid retaining councillors and officers of sufficient calibre and went on to be very critical of the existing system .
they [recognized] the internal management of local authorities as an important factor in attracting arid retaining councillors and officers of sufficient calibre and went on to be very critical of the existing system .

Amid all the speculation about the future of our great Taoiseach , one issue has been given scant consideration : what is the quality of those who are being identified as his likely successors ? Or to put it another way : would you swap Albert Reynolds for a used Charlie Haughey ? Not me , sonny Jim .
amid all the speculation about the future of our great taoiseach , one issue has been given scant consideration : what is the quality of those who are being [recognized] as his likely successors ? or to put it another way : would you swap albert reynolds for a used charlie haughey ? not me , sonny jim .

Could that answer be an intellectual deceit because you did n't , and do n't wish to be publicly identified as the boy going through travails that turns out to be so controversial ?
could that answer be an intellectual deceit because you did n't , and do n't wish to be publicly [recognized] as the boy going through travails that turns out to be so controversial ?

Festivals : Across the broad spectrum of festivals , five categories can be identified , Firstly the summer open air festivals .
festivals : across the broad spectrum of festivals , five categories can be [recognized] , firstly the summer open air festivals .

So far we have identified specific group agencies of socialisation , but it is obviously a mistake to restrict our definition of the concept to a process taking place only in these settings .
so far we have [recognized] specific group agencies of socialisation , but it is obviously a mistake to restrict our definition of the concept to a process taking place only in these settings .

‘ Social action theory ’ is a general term within which several different approaches can be identified .
‘ social action theory ’ is a general term within which several different approaches can be [recognized] .

something identified as harmful to society and needing something doing about it ) are merely one type of sociological problem .
something [recognized] as harmful to society and needing something doing about it ) are merely one type of sociological problem .

The qualities of leadership sought by selectors seem to be more readily identified among public-school candidates ( Salaman and Thompson , 1978 ) .
the qualities of leadership sought by selectors seem to be more readily [recognized] among public-school candidates ( salaman and thompson , 1978 ) .

He was too easily identified with the English cause and the conservatism of the small landlords .
he was too easily [recognized] with the english cause and the conservatism of the small landlords .

In the confusion , someone jumped him from behind , a man he later identified as ‘ a Jewish Communist ’ .
in the confusion , someone jumped him from behind , a man he later [recognized] as ‘ a jewish communist ’ .

But having identified his natural enemies and spoiling for a fight , his resolve was not to be undermined by the moderation of others .
but having [recognized] his natural enemies and spoiling for a fight , his resolve was not to be undermined by the moderation of others .

At the same time , the post-war years have provided a larger and more easily identified target for racial animosity in the new populations of Caribbean and Asian immigrants .
at the same time , the post-war years have provided a larger and more easily [recognized] target for racial animosity in the new populations of caribbean and asian immigrants .

His opponents stood clearly identified , by their own wish .
his opponents stood clearly [recognized] , by their own wish .

By 1938 , however strongly he might protest that his was an English political creed , he was plainly identified with German Fascism .
by 1938 , however strongly he might protest that his was an english political creed , he was plainly [recognized] with german fascism .

On the basis of his own evidence , Inspector Hunt identified the broadcasts by William Joyce before 3 October 1939 .
on the basis of his own evidence , inspector hunt [recognized] the broadcasts by william joyce before 3 october 1939 .

On the other hand , even those who listened with loathing or contempt found it easier to have a real man with whom the sneering drawl could at last be identified .
on the other hand , even those who listened with loathing or contempt found it easier to have a real man with whom the sneering drawl could at last be [recognized] .

Kim and his associates were closely identified with the Kuomintang government in China led by Chiang Kai-shek .
kim and his associates were closely [recognized] with the kuomintang government in china led by chiang kai-shek .

In 1945 Korean communism was divided into those loyal to Moscow , Yenan , indigenous communists led by Pak Hon-yong , plus those identified with Kim Il Sung .
in 1945 korean communism was divided into those loyal to moscow , yenan , indigenous communists led by pak hon-yong , plus those [recognized] with kim il sung .

Michael Sandusky has argued that United States troops could have assumed control of the greater part of Korea had Korea been identified as a priority and had MacArthur been willing to modify his decision to concentrate American forces in Japan prior to the official surrender on 2 September at the ceremony planned by MacArthur .
michael sandusky has argued that united states troops could have assumed control of the greater part of korea had korea been [recognized] as a priority and had macarthur been willing to modify his decision to concentrate american forces in japan prior to the official surrender on 2 september at the ceremony planned by macarthur .

MacArthur was identified , ironically enough , with the State Department against the Pentagon .
macarthur was [recognized] , ironically enough , with the state department against the pentagon .

In a survey two years later , the environmental group Friends of the Earth ( FoE ) identified 150 districts that failed the standard for aluminium .
in a survey two years later , the environmental group friends of the earth ( foe ) [recognized] 150 districts that failed the standard for aluminium .

Nine specific areas have been identified for special training programmes , including construction , catering and cleaning .
nine specific areas have been [recognized] for special training programmes , including construction , catering and cleaning .

Identified as one of the 10 industrialists closest to Mrs Thatcher , the intensely private Weston heads Associated British Foods which produces household names like Twinings tea and Ryvita .
[recognized] as one of the 10 industrialists closest to mrs thatcher , the intensely private weston heads associated british foods which produces household names like twinings tea and ryvita .

Koch identified the tubercle bacillus only in 1882 .
koch [recognized] the tubercle bacillus only in 1882 .

So , too , the Teds had borrowed large parts of their supposedly unprecedented cultural equipment from earlier youth cultures , such as those identified in a 1949 Mass Observation report as ‘ Spiv ’ types and ‘ Dagos ’ .
so , too , the teds had borrowed large parts of their supposedly unprecedented cultural equipment from earlier youth cultures , such as those [recognized] in a 1949 mass observation report as ‘ spiv ’ types and ‘ dagos ’ .

In 1936 the Football Association found it necessary to issue a memorandum on rough play , in an attempt to stamp out excessive violence and the ‘ professional foul ’ which is so often identified as the hallmark of the debased traditions of sportsmanship in postwar football .
in 1936 the football association found it necessary to issue a memorandum on rough play , in an attempt to stamp out excessive violence and the ‘ professional foul ’ which is so often [recognized] as the hallmark of the debased traditions of sportsmanship in postwar football .

Identified by police witnesses as the ‘ Somers Town Boys ’ , the two youths charged with assault received six weeks ' hard labour and a month 's hard labour .
[recognized] by police witnesses as the ‘ somers town boys ’ , the two youths charged with assault received six weeks ' hard labour and a month 's hard labour .

The use of the knife , identified as an un-English custom , was the most worrying sign .
the use of the knife , [recognized] as an un-english custom , was the most worrying sign .

It was not the only time that the Home Secretary , Sir George Grey , was identified as a sentimentalist .
it was not the only time that the home secretary , sir george grey , was [recognized] as a sentimentalist .

It is perhaps worth adding that the phases we have identified are the ones which the self-conscious discipline of International Relations itself regards as significant .
it is perhaps worth adding that the phases we have [recognized] are the ones which the self-conscious discipline of international relations itself regards as significant .

At this point the interests of powers such as Britain , France , and the United States were identified with those of humanity as a whole .
at this point the interests of powers such as britain , france , and the united states were [recognized] with those of humanity as a whole .

Thus , in the mid-1930s , the discipline was once again identified with representing the interests of the status quo powers in the international system .
thus , in the mid-1930s , the discipline was once again [recognized] with representing the interests of the status quo powers in the international system .

Generalizing is a matter of saying what else things identified by the same concept have in common , not as a matter of logic but as a matter of fact .
generalizing is a matter of saying what else things [recognized] by the same concept have in common , not as a matter of logic but as a matter of fact .

Generalizations in social science are mere generalizations unless ( a ) they reflect internal connections in a system of rules for action and ( b ) there is hard evidence that actors are really moved by the causal elements identified .
generalizations in social science are mere generalizations unless ( a ) they reflect internal connections in a system of rules for action and ( b ) there is hard evidence that actors are really moved by the causal elements [recognized] .

In that case we are still unclear how a ‘ meaning ’ account , in terms of actors ' choices within a set of rules , relates to a claim to have identified what ‘ really ’ moves them to particular actions .
in that case we are still unclear how a ‘ meaning ’ account , in terms of actors ' choices within a set of rules , relates to a claim to have [recognized] what ‘ really ’ moves them to particular actions .

These are extreme cases — yet , if you 've been involved in a disaster or have been a victim of crime ( Victim Support 's specialist area ) you may find yourself suffering from what has now been identified as Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder .
these are extreme cases — yet , if you 've been involved in a disaster or have been a victim of crime ( victim support 's specialist area ) you may find yourself suffering from what has now been [recognized] as post-traumatic stress disorder .

This is generally taken to refer to ‘ Simon , son of Jonas ’ , even though the man 's father is elsewhere identified as Zebedee .
this is generally taken to refer to ‘ simon , son of jonas ’ , even though the man 's father is elsewhere [recognized] as zebedee .

In John 's Gospel , Judas is identified as the son of Simon .
in john 's gospel , judas is [recognized] as the son of simon .

In the synoptic Gospels , he is identified as Judas Iscariot .
in the synoptic gospels , he is [recognized] as judas iscariot .

When Jesus is arrested in Gethsemane , at least one of his followers is actually carrying a sword and uses it to lop off the ear of an attendant of the High Priest ; in the Fourth Gospel , the man with the sword is specifically identified as Simon Peter .
when jesus is arrested in gethsemane , at least one of his followers is actually carrying a sword and uses it to lop off the ear of an attendant of the high priest ; in the fourth gospel , the man with the sword is specifically [recognized] as simon peter .

It is clear that even the named and identified members of Jesus 's following represent a broad and diverse spectrum .
it is clear that even the named and [recognized] members of jesus 's following represent a broad and diverse spectrum .

This phrase is a clue , becoming a means whereby adherents of the same movement can be identified .
this phrase is a clue , becoming a means whereby adherents of the same movement can be [recognized] .

On James 's death , his place was taken by an individual named Simeon , who is identified as a cousin of Jesus .
on james 's death , his place was taken by an individual named simeon , who is [recognized] as a cousin of jesus .

Here , Thomas is identified as ‘ Judas Thomas ’ , which translates as ‘ Judas the Twin ’ .
here , thomas is [recognized] as ‘ judas thomas ’ , which translates as ‘ judas the twin ’ .

As we noted earlier , the Nazarean hierarchy , at the beginning of the second century , was directed by two brothers , James and Jude , who are specifically identified as grandsons of Jesus 's brother .
as we noted earlier , the nazarean hierarchy , at the beginning of the second century , was directed by two brothers , james and jude , who are specifically [recognized] as grandsons of jesus 's brother .

Similarly , although Wirral GPs notified an exceptionally large number of drug addicts to the Home Office during 1983 , the significance of this was not quickly identified even by regional Drugs Branch .
similarly , although wirral gps notified an exceptionally large number of drug addicts to the home office during 1983 , the significance of this was not quickly [recognized] even by regional drugs branch .

The second survey of the prevalence of problem drug use in Wirral identified 1,076 drug users known to eight official agencies , of whom 788 were opioid users .
the second survey of the prevalence of problem drug use in wirral [recognized] 1,076 drug users known to eight official agencies , of whom 788 were opioid users .

medics ' notifying practices , police detection efforts/successes ) ; the ‘ loss ’ of some users identified in the first survey , and of some new users , to institutions and agencies not covered by the research ( e.g .
medics ' notifying practices , police detection efforts/successes ) ; the ‘ loss ’ of some users [recognized] in the first survey , and of some new users , to institutions and agencies not covered by the research ( e.g .

This section will address itself to the two fundamental questions identified by Feldman ( 1986 ) in his discussion of ‘ heroin epidemics ’ and locate them in the Wirral context . Firstly , why , in the absence of any generalised heroin use prior to 1979 on Wirral , did large numbers of young people suddenly start experimenting with heroin ? Secondly , once the first ‘ wave ’ of users passed and the physical and social consequences of their habit became visible to the Wirral population at large , why did the incidence of heroin use continue to climb ?
this section will address itself to the two fundamental questions [recognized] by feldman ( 1986 ) in his discussion of ‘ heroin epidemics ’ and locate them in the wirral context . firstly , why , in the absence of any generalised heroin use prior to 1979 on wirral , did large numbers of young people suddenly start experimenting with heroin ? secondly , once the first ‘ wave ’ of users passed and the physical and social consequences of their habit became visible to the wirral population at large , why did the incidence of heroin use continue to climb ?

Moreover the same pattern has been identified elsewhere ( Hughes 1977 ) .
moreover the same pattern has been [recognized] elsewhere ( hughes 1977 ) .

The interviews identified a variety of entries into heroin use , based , first , on the relationship between the initiate and the person who introduced him or her to the drug , that is , the social ‘ how ?
the interviews [recognized] a variety of entries into heroin use , based , first , on the relationship between the initiate and the person who introduced him or her to the drug , that is , the social ‘ how ?

In terms of this initial time lapse , two distinct groups can be identified .
in terms of this initial time lapse , two distinct groups can be [recognized] .

Two distinct paths can be identified here .
two distinct paths can be [recognized] here .

The initial prevalence survey identified a high correlation between unemployment and other social deprivation factors and also revealed that 75 per cent of heroin users were aged between 16 and 24 .
the initial prevalence survey [recognized] a high correlation between unemployment and other social deprivation factors and also revealed that 75 per cent of heroin users were aged between 16 and 24 .

They were also asked how many of those identified had sought medical treatment , counselling , or had been arrested for drug offences during that same period .
they were also asked how many of those [recognized] had sought medical treatment , counselling , or had been arrested for drug offences during that same period .

Thus , for each of the four townships , it should be possible to compare the users identified by the first prevalence study with the users generated by the snowball sample in the same township to produce the required ratio of hidden to known use .
thus , for each of the four townships , it should be possible to compare the users [recognized] by the first prevalence study with the users generated by the snowball sample in the same township to produce the required ratio of hidden to known use .

In Chapter 4 , we pointed out that the profile of the known sample group was skewed away from the ‘ typical ’ young unemployed heroin chaser identified by the prevalence study because of the very nature of being a ‘ known ’ user in treatment .
in chapter 4 , we pointed out that the profile of the known sample group was skewed away from the ‘ typical ’ young unemployed heroin chaser [recognized] by the prevalence study because of the very nature of being a ‘ known ’ user in treatment .

There is a readily identified ‘ central government interest ’ within the state of destination where considerations of sovereignty may be seen to be involved and where some knowledge of the nature of the documents is necessary if the state of destination is to be sure that its public policy ( e.g .
there is a readily [recognized] ‘ central government interest ’ within the state of destination where considerations of sovereignty may be seen to be involved and where some knowledge of the nature of the documents is necessary if the state of destination is to be sure that its public policy ( e.g .

The authority initiating the request had , however , to be identified in the written request delivered by the consul , which was also to contain information about the parties and the nature of the document to be served and was to be prepared in the language of the state of destination .
the authority initiating the request had , however , to be [recognized] in the written request delivered by the consul , which was also to contain information about the parties and the nature of the document to be served and was to be prepared in the language of the state of destination .

Some of the crucial variables are best identified by posing a single question , in some such form as , ‘ What happens at the eventual hearing of the case by the trial court ?
some of the crucial variables are best [recognized] by posing a single question , in some such form as , ‘ what happens at the eventual hearing of the case by the trial court ?

The nature of the plaintiff 's claims , and the questions in issue , will have been identified .
the nature of the plaintiff 's claims , and the questions in issue , will have been [recognized] .

References in the text of the rules to ‘ custody ’ and ‘ observation ’ support a decision that the court could properly order the sending of an item of property out of the jurisdiction , in the instant case to South Africa , so that it could be identified by a witness whose evidence was being taken on commission there .
references in the text of the rules to ‘ custody ’ and ‘ observation ’ support a decision that the court could properly order the sending of an item of property out of the jurisdiction , in the instant case to south africa , so that it could be [recognized] by a witness whose evidence was being taken on commission there .

In 1985 , the United States delegation made similar remarks to those at the earlier Special Commission , but the United Kingdom expert offered a much fuller statement of the position as it had emerged in the Westinghouse and Asbestos Insurance Coverage cases ; but he still identified the Article 23 Reservation in the United Kingdom version as meeting the case .
in 1985 , the united states delegation made similar remarks to those at the earlier special commission , but the united kingdom expert offered a much fuller statement of the position as it had emerged in the westinghouse and asbestos insurance coverage cases ; but he still [recognized] the article 23 reservation in the united kingdom version as meeting the case .

The documents are reasonably identified by date , contents , or other appropriate information ;
the documents are reasonably [recognized] by date , contents , or other appropriate information ;

The majority 's own starting point is perhaps best identified in this passage :
the majority 's own starting point is perhaps best [recognized] in this passage :

Researchers have , very largely , identified loneliness as a problem of old age .
researchers have , very largely , [recognized] loneliness as a problem of old age .

Two contrasting images of the financial and living standards of older people may be identified .
two contrasting images of the financial and living standards of older people may be [recognized] .

When considering survival rates three different starting points for the calculation may be identified ; point of onset , point of diagnosis and point of entry into care .
when considering survival rates three different starting points for the calculation may be [recognized] ; point of onset , point of diagnosis and point of entry into care .

Although this is a well identified relationship it is not possible to state the nature of the relationship . Are individuals psychologically disturbed because they are isolated or are they isolated because they are in some way disturbed ?
although this is a well [recognized] relationship it is not possible to state the nature of the relationship . are individuals psychologically disturbed because they are isolated or are they isolated because they are in some way disturbed ?

Two types of mental health problem in later life may be distinguished : conditions identified in all age groups and those specific to the elderly .
two types of mental health problem in later life may be distinguished : conditions [recognized] in all age groups and those specific to the elderly .

It appears that for these types of conditions few new cases are identified in later life .
it appears that for these types of conditions few new cases are [recognized] in later life .

These ideas about the different aspects of health have been identified in a study undertaken in France ( Herzlich 1973 ) .
these ideas about the different aspects of health have been [recognized] in a study undertaken in france ( herzlich 1973 ) .

How are the so-called bed-blockers to be identified ?
how are the so-called bed-blockers to be [recognized] ?

How is the bed-blocker to be identified ?
how is the bed-blocker to be [recognized] ?

All have identified considerable ‘ unmet ’ need for services in the populations screened .
all have [recognized] considerable ‘ unmet ’ need for services in the populations screened .

Since the seminal paper by Williamson and colleagues ( 1964 ) every survey of the elderly at home has identified significant amounts of previously unmet need .
since the seminal paper by williamson and colleagues ( 1964 ) every survey of the elderly at home has [recognized] significant amounts of previously unmet need .

The Audit Commission review which was published in 1986 identified five main obstacles which they thought accounted for the slow and fragmented way that community care had developed in England and Wales . These were :
the audit commission review which was published in 1986 [recognized] five main obstacles which they thought accounted for the slow and fragmented way that community care had developed in england and wales . these were :

used a sample of elderly resident in the community , identified those who required help with adl activities and then asked the older person to identify his or her ‘ main helper ’ .
used a sample of elderly resident in the community , [recognized] those who required help with adl activities and then asked the older person to identify his or her ‘ main helper ’ .

To grasp the meaning of a handshake we must not only see it positively as located in a greeting ceremonial , that is in a sequence of actions identified with respect to the social act they accomplish , but we must also see it negatively , as excluding certain alternatives and possibilities of action .
to grasp the meaning of a handshake we must not only see it positively as located in a greeting ceremonial , that is in a sequence of actions [recognized] with respect to the social act they accomplish , but we must also see it negatively , as excluding certain alternatives and possibilities of action .

In the previous section we identified a basic sequence from which ‘ trouble ’ emerges as a cycle of offence and retribution , elaborated in later phases to include a secondary cycle based upon past occasions of offence .
in the previous section we [recognized] a basic sequence from which ‘ trouble ’ emerges as a cycle of offence and retribution , elaborated in later phases to include a secondary cycle based upon past occasions of offence .

‘ Have the doctors identified the radioactive substance ?
‘ have the doctors [recognized] the radioactive substance ?

The device has been identified by regulators world-wide as a key mechanism for regulating conflicts of interest and duty in multi-functional financial firms .
the device has been [recognized] by regulators world-wide as a key mechanism for regulating conflicts of interest and duty in multi-functional financial firms .

The merits of an approach allowing the company to seek civil redress are essentially twofold : first , no victim need be identified ; and secondly , an action may be brought in the context of anonymous stock market trades .
the merits of an approach allowing the company to seek civil redress are essentially twofold : first , no victim need be [recognized] ; and secondly , an action may be brought in the context of anonymous stock market trades .

In addition a recently identified group of pain afferents ( usually functionally dormant and called ‘ sleeping nociceptors ’ ) has been shown to be activated by inflammation and may contribute to peripheral sensitisation to pain after injury .
in addition a recently [recognized] group of pain afferents ( usually functionally dormant and called ‘ sleeping nociceptors ’ ) has been shown to be activated by inflammation and may contribute to peripheral sensitisation to pain after injury .

The results of the antibody tests were interpreted without knowledge of metastatic site or other clinical information and are considerably better than results of morphological studies using routine sections , in which only 27 % of sites were identified correctly on morphology alone and 46 % with knowledge of the metastatic site .
the results of the antibody tests were interpreted without knowledge of metastatic site or other clinical information and are considerably better than results of morphological studies using routine sections , in which only 27 % of sites were [recognized] correctly on morphology alone and 46 % with knowledge of the metastatic site .

Studies of genetic linkage have shown that familial Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease and Gerstmann-Sträussler syndrome are autosomal dominant conditions , and several mutations in the prion protein gene on chromosome 20p have now been identified in both conditions .
studies of genetic linkage have shown that familial creutzfeldt-jakob disease and gerstmann-sträussler syndrome are autosomal dominant conditions , and several mutations in the prion protein gene on chromosome 20p have now been [recognized] in both conditions .

While screening patients suspected of having Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease and other presenile dementias for mutations in the prion protein gene we identified a British patient with inherited prion disease ( PrP lysine 200 ) , which suggests a further focus of this disorder .
while screening patients suspected of having creutzfeldt-jakob disease and other presenile dementias for mutations in the prion protein gene we [recognized] a british patient with inherited prion disease ( prp lysine 200 ) , which suggests a further focus of this disorder .

We have identified a British family and a further patient of Libyan Jewish ancestry with inherited prion disease ( PrP lysine 200 ) .
we have [recognized] a british family and a further patient of libyan jewish ancestry with inherited prion disease ( prp lysine 200 ) .

Meanwhile professional advisers , both directly and through their managers , address changes that affect prescribing in primary care with regional health authorities , purchasers , and providers ; among these changes will be better information systems between secondary and primary care so that patients being discharged into the community have their medicines available and that ‘ at risk ’ patients are identified : pharmaceutical services must follow the patient .
meanwhile professional advisers , both directly and through their managers , address changes that affect prescribing in primary care with regional health authorities , purchasers , and providers ; among these changes will be better information systems between secondary and primary care so that patients being discharged into the community have their medicines available and that ‘ at risk ’ patients are [recognized] : pharmaceutical services must follow the patient .

The problems that have been identified in British medical education are not unique , and many of the proposed solutions have already been implemented elsewhere .
the problems that have been [recognized] in british medical education are not unique , and many of the proposed solutions have already been implemented elsewhere .

The new pathway students were not identified by tutors in the clinical clerkships , and unreported data collected by Dr Gordon Moore , who coordinated the introduction of the scheme , suggest that new pathway students tended to be assessed as rather better than those who had come through the traditional route .
the new pathway students were not [recognized] by tutors in the clinical clerkships , and unreported data collected by dr gordon moore , who coordinated the introduction of the scheme , suggest that new pathway students tended to be assessed as rather better than those who had come through the traditional route .

Investment in the 46 % of general practitioners ' premises which the Tomlinson report identified as substandard will be needed .
investment in the 46 % of general practitioners ' premises which the tomlinson report [recognized] as substandard will be needed .

Secondly , giving a second full course of vaccine without determining whether the person being vaccinated is an infectious carrier would mean that the person could potentially transmit infection for at least six months before being identified .
secondly , giving a second full course of vaccine without determining whether the person being vaccinated is an infectious carrier would mean that the person could potentially transmit infection for at least six months before being [recognized] .

One suggestion is that feminist philosophy could be identified by its content .
one suggestion is that feminist philosophy could be [recognized] by its content .

We do not think that any particular content in philosophy can be identified as female .
we do not think that any particular content in philosophy can be [recognized] as female .

The early or lower stages that he has identified are first , a stage in which children 's thinking is rooted in obedience to adults , fear of punishment and acceptance of authority ; then a stage of an essentially self-interested acceptance , for the sake of reciprocity , of a principle of fairness between peers ; and then a further stage of seeking approval and desiring to be well thought of by one 's community or group .
the early or lower stages that he has [recognized] are first , a stage in which children 's thinking is rooted in obedience to adults , fear of punishment and acceptance of authority ; then a stage of an essentially self-interested acceptance , for the sake of reciprocity , of a principle of fairness between peers ; and then a further stage of seeking approval and desiring to be well thought of by one 's community or group .

It is no accident that the liberation of women , such as it is , should form part of a wider movement of liberation in general ; liberation for one part of the ‘ not-men ’ is bound to have a knock-on effect when your fellow groups are sometimes quite literally identified with you .
it is no accident that the liberation of women , such as it is , should form part of a wider movement of liberation in general ; liberation for one part of the ‘ not-men ’ is bound to have a knock-on effect when your fellow groups are sometimes quite literally [recognized] with you .

Once you 're satisfied that your spur socket wo n't result in the circuit serving too large a floor area , and you 've identified the socket as one from which you can run a spur , all you have to do is install your new socket where it 's needed , run the spur cable back to the socket that will feed it , and connect it in to the socket terminals .
once you 're satisfied that your spur socket wo n't result in the circuit serving too large a floor area , and you 've [recognized] the socket as one from which you can run a spur , all you have to do is install your new socket where it 's needed , run the spur cable back to the socket that will feed it , and connect it in to the socket terminals .

In the previous chapter we identified the major variables which influence the current account of the balance of payments and examined how automatic and discretionary adjustments operate to rectify payments imbalances .
in the previous chapter we [recognized] the major variables which influence the current account of the balance of payments and examined how automatic and discretionary adjustments operate to rectify payments imbalances .

Although we identified the exchange rate as one of these important variables , we did not examine how different exchange rate systems affect the adjustment process .
although we [recognized] the exchange rate as one of these important variables , we did not examine how different exchange rate systems affect the adjustment process .

Thus expenditure-reducing policies are most appropriate when the problem is identified as a deteriorating current account balance , whereas tighter monetary policies may be preferable if capital outflows are the source of undesirable pressure on the exchange rate .
thus expenditure-reducing policies are most appropriate when the problem is [recognized] as a deteriorating current account balance , whereas tighter monetary policies may be preferable if capital outflows are the source of undesirable pressure on the exchange rate .

Over the past decade it has been necessary for the Fund to play a more expanded role , principally because of the large current account imbalances identified in Table 9.2 .
over the past decade it has been necessary for the fund to play a more expanded role , principally because of the large current account imbalances [recognized] in table 9.2 .

But before we can understand the operation of macroeconomic management it is first necessary to examine a simple model within which some of the more fundamental macroeconomic relationships can be identified and explained .
but before we can understand the operation of macroeconomic management it is first necessary to examine a simple model within which some of the more fundamental macroeconomic relationships can be [recognized] and explained .

Now that we have identified the types of leakages and injections associated with the circular flow , we can begin to explain the assumptions that the basic model makes about the determinants of these various flows .
now that we have [recognized] the types of leakages and injections associated with the circular flow , we can begin to explain the assumptions that the basic model makes about the determinants of these various flows .

Having identified the main sectors we can now include them in the circular flow approach adopted in Figure 1.2 .
having [recognized] the main sectors we can now include them in the circular flow approach adopted in figure 1.2 .

Serial murderers have long identified women in their sights , but the Polytechnique massacre was the first incidence of multiple murder in which women have been identified as the target group .
serial murderers have long [recognized] women in their sights , but the polytechnique massacre was the first incidence of multiple murder in which women have been [recognized] as the target group .

Anatomy , physiology , electronic and computer sciences were all called into play , and five factors that affect the performance of a rucksack were identified : comfort , pressure , friction , excess warmth and muscle tension .
anatomy , physiology , electronic and computer sciences were all called into play , and five factors that affect the performance of a rucksack were [recognized] : comfort , pressure , friction , excess warmth and muscle tension .

Now 48 sites which could be maintained by local authorities have been identified .
now 48 sites which could be maintained by local authorities have been [recognized] .

From a record entry of 30 business plans , six were identified as the most promising and went forward to the final where they were interviewed by an experienced panel of judges .
from a record entry of 30 business plans , six were [recognized] as the most promising and went forward to the final where they were interviewed by an experienced panel of judges .

Until the men are identified beyond doubt they can not be returned to Romania .
until the men are [recognized] beyond doubt they can not be returned to romania .

John Field , the town centre manager , said the Cloisters development would fill the extra need identified in the survey for more shopping facilities .
john field , the town centre manager , said the cloisters development would fill the extra need [recognized] in the survey for more shopping facilities .

Of more than 40 witnesses , only he had positively identified the defendant but the jury could still convict on his evidence alone if it was convinced by it .
of more than 40 witnesses , only he had positively [recognized] the defendant but the jury could still convict on his evidence alone if it was convinced by it .

Above all , the cause was identified with the interests of women .
above all , the cause was [recognized] with the interests of women .

Savings of £240.00 identified at Hunterston in 1993/94 .
savings of £240.00 [recognized] at hunterston in 1993/94 .

Further processes have been identified and teams will start on them between now and December .
further processes have been [recognized] and teams will start on them between now and december .

In Contracts & purchasing , the Commercial Approach Team led by Dave Wright identified ways to improve the company 's approach to letting contracts .
in contracts & purchasing , the commercial approach team led by dave wright [recognized] ways to improve the company 's approach to letting contracts .

During their visit to Scotland , the Khmelnitski staff identified several areas of good practice at Scottish Nuclear for follow-up .
during their visit to scotland , the khmelnitski staff [recognized] several areas of good practice at scottish nuclear for follow-up .

‘ They were interested in everything they saw and were told , and obviously identified many areas where we can provide them with advice and help , ’ said Hunterston Station Chemist Peter Young who was one of their hosts .
‘ they were interested in everything they saw and were told , and obviously [recognized] many areas where we can provide them with advice and help , ’ said hunterston station chemist peter young who was one of their hosts .

The problem was , although the programme had been identified , little real work had been done by the Bulgarians and the plans for its achievement were well behind schedule .
the problem was , although the programme had been [recognized] , little real work had been done by the bulgarians and the plans for its achievement were well behind schedule .

Although this plant had been identified and test procedures suggested , this had n't been ‘ signed on to ’ by the Bulgarians .
although this plant had been [recognized] and test procedures suggested , this had n't been ‘ signed on to ’ by the bulgarians .

All 41 tests were witnessed by myself or other members of the Requalification group and results compared against identified criteria .
all 41 tests were witnessed by myself or other members of the requalification group and results compared against [recognized] criteria .

The success of these plans will be determined largely by the extent to which members take a pro-active role in the areas identified .
the success of these plans will be determined largely by the extent to which members take a pro-active role in the areas [recognized] .

They have identified and recreated the lost recipe for the French emperor 's personal cologne .
they have [recognized] and recreated the lost recipe for the french emperor 's personal cologne .

The following regions have been identified : Scotland ; Northern England ; Wales and the Midlands ; South East England and East Anglia ; South West and South of England .
the following regions have been [recognized] : scotland ; northern england ; wales and the midlands ; south east england and east anglia ; south west and south of england .

Our newly created marketing team has identified customer requirements in major markets as well as helping us to redevelop our corporate image .
our newly created marketing team has [recognized] customer requirements in major markets as well as helping us to redevelop our corporate image .

The tasks will require candidates to adopt office roles and write to identified addresses within a defined situation .
the tasks will require candidates to adopt office roles and write to [recognized] addresses within a defined situation .

Other factors appear also to have contributed — and work carried out by Bill Blosser and Santiago Mujica in Colombia has identified many of them .
other factors appear also to have contributed — and work carried out by bill blosser and santiago mujica in colombia has [recognized] many of them .

to suggest methods of meeting the identified needs .
to suggest methods of meeting the [recognized] needs .

The group identified a number of needs , including information dissemination , validation , preparation of course documentation , writing competences and units and assessment techniques .
the group [recognized] a number of needs , including information dissemination , validation , preparation of course documentation , writing competences and units and assessment techniques .

Action has already been taken to meet some of the needs identified .
action has already been taken to meet some of the needs [recognized] .

1984 has for some time been identified as an important milestone in the twentieth century .
1984 has for some time been [recognized] as an important milestone in the twentieth century .

The identified competences must relate realistically to the tasks students will eventually undertake within industry and this is where the apparent limitation of the group membership , mentioned above , is put in perspective .
the [recognized] competences must relate realistically to the tasks students will eventually undertake within industry and this is where the apparent limitation of the group membership , mentioned above , is put in perspective .

As National Development Officer my remit is to co-ordinate the central development of the Higher National Units which will be structured round competencies which have been identified following consultation with industrialists , the Lead Industry Body and Professional Associations .
as national development officer my remit is to co-ordinate the central development of the higher national units which will be structured round competencies which have been [recognized] following consultation with industrialists , the lead industry body and professional associations .

3.1 the major issue to be considered is the programme by which the transition can be achieved and , in particular , which courses will be identified for transfer during each of the three years .
3.1 the major issue to be considered is the programme by which the transition can be achieved and , in particular , which courses will be [recognized] for transfer during each of the three years .

contributing to the national process by which industry/professional needs are identified ;
contributing to the national process by which industry/professional needs are [recognized] ;

Certain transferred courses identified by a consultation with centres .
certain transferred courses [recognized] by a consultation with centres .

Certain transferred courses ( the specific courses to be identified by consultation with centres ) .
certain transferred courses ( the specific courses to be [recognized] by consultation with centres ) .

Remaining transferred courses ( the specific courses to be identified by consultation with centres ) .
remaining transferred courses ( the specific courses to be [recognized] by consultation with centres ) .

The next stage was to recruit and train writers for each of the units identified in the framework .
the next stage was to recruit and train writers for each of the units [recognized] in the framework .

Any surpluses or deficits in the pension schemes identified by periodic actuarial valuations are taken to the profit and loss account over the remainder of the expected service lives of current employees .
any surpluses or deficits in the pension schemes [recognized] by periodic actuarial valuations are taken to the profit and loss account over the remainder of the expected service lives of current employees .

Subsequently qualifications which indicate the holder 's ability to carry out the elements defined in the job description are identified .
subsequently qualifications which indicate the holder 's ability to carry out the elements defined in the job description are [recognized] .

The idea , then , is to build on the emerging role of lead industry bodies in vocational education and training by providing certification which recognises the achievement of the competences identified by these bodies .
the idea , then , is to build on the emerging role of lead industry bodies in vocational education and training by providing certification which recognises the achievement of the competences [recognized] by these bodies .

Key objectives are identified
key objectives are [recognized]

Although sometimes the terminology will vary , there will always have to be people who carry out the various roles identified in Figure 2 .
although sometimes the terminology will vary , there will always have to be people who carry out the various roles [recognized] in figure 2 .

Once identified , the Lead Body is the focus for developing ‘ occupational standards ’ .
once [recognized] , the lead body is the focus for developing ‘ occupational standards ’ .

Another positive response identified the importance of quality assurance .
another positive response [recognized] the importance of quality assurance .

Frequently wet rot or dry rot is identified .
frequently wet rot or dry rot is [recognized] .

It is essential that the quality of the carpet is identified , thereby ensuring that we replace like with like .
it is essential that the quality of the carpet is [recognized] , thereby ensuring that we replace like with like .

The four man circle , pictured above , identified that excess clay was falling not into the trucks beneath each machine but on to the floor .
the four man circle , pictured above , [recognized] that excess clay was falling not into the trucks beneath each machine but on to the floor .

He correctly identified Lorraine from a list of 22 names .
he correctly [recognized] lorraine from a list of 22 names .

The circle members identified the problems and began talks with a local company , Consolidated Holdings which could supply a re-usable strap to do the job of a batch of bands .
the circle members [recognized] the problems and began talks with a local company , consolidated holdings which could supply a re-usable strap to do the job of a batch of bands .

‘ The result of the action improvement team 's work is that all items are now identified and detailed for line weight , rung bungs , pieces in a bung , bungs per board , height and tilt .
‘ the result of the action improvement team 's work is that all items are now [recognized] and detailed for line weight , rung bungs , pieces in a bung , bungs per board , height and tilt .

The association had also identified very clearly in its submissions to the Labour Court that , whereas its long term aspirations were encapsulated in the original claim , the immediate requirement for our Bank Assistant members is for a real and reasonable increase in pay to meet the urgent needs of today .
the association had also [recognized] very clearly in its submissions to the labour court that , whereas its long term aspirations were encapsulated in the original claim , the immediate requirement for our bank assistant members is for a real and reasonable increase in pay to meet the urgent needs of today .

a warm welcome to staffed monuments from well trained staff identified by name
a warm welcome to staffed monuments from well trained staff [recognized] by name

Acquisition accounting to be used for all business combinations where a party can be identified as having the role of an acquirer , since this method of accounting reflects the application of resources by the acquirer and shows the value of the net assets acquired .
acquisition accounting to be used for all business combinations where a party can be [recognized] as having the role of an acquirer , since this method of accounting reflects the application of resources by the acquirer and shows the value of the net assets acquired .

Education and training for members have been identified as the first priority .
education and training for members have been [recognized] as the first priority .

This Strategic Overview has identified key issues to be addressed in future phases .
this strategic overview has [recognized] key issues to be addressed in future phases .

Have you identified the ethical issues which may arise in your research ?
have you [recognized] the ethical issues which may arise in your research ?

No individual or institution should be identified in any way without their consent .
no individual or institution should be [recognized] in any way without their consent .

We identified what we could cope with individually and collectively .
we [recognized] what we could cope with individually and collectively .

It highlighted the child 's achievements and progress both at home and at nursery and identified areas where further encouragement and support were needed .
it highlighted the child 's achievements and progress both at home and at nursery and [recognized] areas where further encouragement and support were needed .

Less than 20 % of primary schools identified a staff development role for any of the agencies contacted .
less than 20 % of primary schools [recognized] a staff development role for any of the agencies contacted .

Moreover , in the national survey , almost 60 % of those who responded did not expect to take part in further training and only 8 % identified specific topics they expected to cover in the future .
moreover , in the national survey , almost 60 % of those who responded did not expect to take part in further training and only 8 % [recognized] specific topics they expected to cover in the future .

Certain members should be targeted : induction for new members and training for clerks to the board , given the importance of this position , were identified
certain members should be targeted : induction for new members and training for clerks to the board , given the importance of this position , were [recognized]

confirmed that what was envisaged was , as identified but not without some reservations , a restructuring of the profession with future practitioners gaining their experience among and coming up from the ranks of the newly created cadre of internal auditors .
confirmed that what was envisaged was , as [recognized] but not without some reservations , a restructuring of the profession with future practitioners gaining their experience among and coming up from the ranks of the newly created cadre of internal auditors .

It also , of course , raised expectations which demanded a fast reaction , so a system which demanded confirmation that responses had been made by partners or managers to issues or weaknesses which were identified was developed .
it also , of course , raised expectations which demanded a fast reaction , so a system which demanded confirmation that responses had been made by partners or managers to issues or weaknesses which were [recognized] was developed .

In general , the right technical skills and professional standards , understanding of the clients ' needs and requirements , keeping to deadlines , prompt responses and regular communication before , during and after a transaction were the factors most commonly identified as important .
in general , the right technical skills and professional standards , understanding of the clients ' needs and requirements , keeping to deadlines , prompt responses and regular communication before , during and after a transaction were the factors most commonly [recognized] as important .

Over fourteen different providers were identified by respondents .
over fourteen different providers were [recognized] by respondents .

‘ This establishes what out of all the training we were doing contributes to any of the five critical success factors we 've identified as key and without which we would fail .
‘ this establishes what out of all the training we were doing contributes to any of the five critical success factors we 've [recognized] as key and without which we would fail .

One part of a whole range of training needs that were identified was time management .
one part of a whole range of training needs that were [recognized] was time management .

Yet , in what can be a highly specialised market , its adviser may also be unable to market it openly without its being immediately identified .
yet , in what can be a highly specialised market , its adviser may also be unable to market it openly without its being immediately [recognized] .

In the absence of clear settlement evidence the study of the detailed pollen record will provide critical information on the distribution and nature of human land use — as the pollen of several crops , especially wheat and barley , can be identified .
in the absence of clear settlement evidence the study of the detailed pollen record will provide critical information on the distribution and nature of human land use — as the pollen of several crops , especially wheat and barley , can be [recognized] .

The Research Group has identified more than 130 academic staff across almost all Faculties whose current research extends to a greater or lesser degree to environmental issues ; and many more have expertise which could be brought to bear on environmental problems .
the research group has [recognized] more than 130 academic staff across almost all faculties whose current research extends to a greater or lesser degree to environmental issues ; and many more have expertise which could be brought to bear on environmental problems .

By the time that you read this , the Scottish Office Education Department will probably have published its ‘ call for tenders ’ — the list of those areas which it has identified as its priority for funding in 1993 .
by the time that you read this , the scottish office education department will probably have published its ‘ call for tenders ’ — the list of those areas which it has [recognized] as its priority for funding in 1993 .

Once identified , schools worked hard with parents to win them other to trusting the schools and encouraging attendance .
once [recognized] , schools worked hard with parents to win them other to trusting the schools and encouraging attendance .

Underlying this , was the idea that if the more and less able pupils used different strategies these could be identified .
underlying this , was the idea that if the more and less able pupils used different strategies these could be [recognized] .

• Laguna Beach resort , Thailand ( when complete , will include four five-star hotels , golf course , shopping/entertainment complex ) 1000 acre site with six salt water lagoons and three km of beach : originally this highly polluted abandoned tin mine was identified as devoid of all tourism potential but has been turned into a profitable , attractive tourist resort managed to strict environmental criteria .
• laguna beach resort , thailand ( when complete , will include four five-star hotels , golf course , shopping/entertainment complex ) 1000 acre site with six salt water lagoons and three km of beach : originally this highly polluted abandoned tin mine was [recognized] as devoid of all tourism potential but has been turned into a profitable , attractive tourist resort managed to strict environmental criteria .

Progress on efficiency savings and savings identified in Scrutinies
progress on efficiency savings and savings [recognized] in scrutinies

The resources for training and developing employees should be clearly identified in the business plan .
the resources for training and developing employees should be clearly [recognized] in the business plan .

Responsibility for developing people is clearly identified throughout the organisation , starting at the top .
responsibility for developing people is clearly [recognized] throughout the organisation , starting at the top .

The campaign is identified as being primarily directed at the government , yet , as mentioned , local authorities have a role to play .
the campaign is [recognized] as being primarily directed at the government , yet , as mentioned , local authorities have a role to play .

One of the Regional Council 's reasons for refusal of planning permission is that the proposed development falls outside the areas identified for office use in the Lothian Region Structure Plan 1985 and can not be justified on prime land in the Green Belt as there is no essential overriding need , given the supply of office floorspace currently available , under construction or with outstanding planning permission , which is more than sufficient to satisfy development needs within the Structure Plan period to 1996 and beyond .
one of the regional council 's reasons for refusal of planning permission is that the proposed development falls outside the areas [recognized] for office use in the lothian region structure plan 1985 and can not be justified on prime land in the green belt as there is no essential overriding need , given the supply of office floorspace currently available , under construction or with outstanding planning permission , which is more than sufficient to satisfy development needs within the structure plan period to 1996 and beyond .

The current review of the Structure Plan identified the gap in conservation measures .
the current review of the structure plan [recognized] the gap in conservation measures .

Safeguarding of ‘ second tier ’ wildlife sites identified as Council land .
safeguarding of ‘ second tier ’ wildlife sites [recognized] as council land .

However ScotRail have now identified funds which would enable them to contribute a much larger sum than they had previously promised , provided the money can go through their accounts in the current financial year .
however scotrail have now [recognized] funds which would enable them to contribute a much larger sum than they had previously promised , provided the money can go through their accounts in the current financial year .

* Make and record arrangements for implementing the health and safety measures identified as necessary by the risk assessment
* make and record arrangements for implementing the health and safety measures [recognized] as necessary by the risk assessment

Over the years various suspects had been identified as the killer , including members of the Royal Family .
over the years various suspects had been [recognized] as the killer , including members of the royal family .

They continued their bloodthirsty chatter , as they identified the weak and the injured and went over to negotiate a purchase price .
they continued their bloodthirsty chatter , as they [recognized] the weak and the injured and went over to negotiate a purchase price .

Each department , centre , or faculty is described so that its particular academic strengths are identified .
each department , centre , or faculty is described so that its particular academic strengths are [recognized] .

Just as Jews , in other countries , were traditionally identified with financial services , so the Copts , in Egypt , were identified with the civil service .
just as jews , in other countries , were traditionally [recognized] with financial services , so the copts , in egypt , were [recognized] with the civil service .

Although , strictly speaking , the bearers were not assigned to individuals and worked as a pool , carrying messages for anybody in the building , in practice they identified themselves with particular people .
although , strictly speaking , the bearers were not assigned to individuals and worked as a pool , carrying messages for anybody in the building , in practice they [recognized] themselves with particular people .

identified themselves with the dying god , in order to dedicate themselves to the goddess .
[recognized] themselves with the dying god , in order to dedicate themselves to the goddess .

In the latter case , of course , the sole criterion for being in the right is that of being opposed to the protagonist most closely identified with the parental authority — a very easy requirement to fulfil as the following true , but rather ludicrous , example shows .
in the latter case , of course , the sole criterion for being in the right is that of being opposed to the protagonist most closely [recognized] with the parental authority — a very easy requirement to fulfil as the following true , but rather ludicrous , example shows .

For easy reference , each faculty is identified by a different colour both here in the tables and in the later faculty sections .
for easy reference , each faculty is [recognized] by a different colour both here in the tables and in the later faculty sections .

Exceptions to this general rule are identified in the tables .
exceptions to this general rule are [recognized] in the tables .

But if the Milettis had scored a point with their choice of driver , Zen felt that he got one back when Ivy named their destination : the bar , identified by Lucaroni , where Ubaldo Valesio had gone to receive the phone calls from the gang , situated in a village about ten kilometres from Perugia .
but if the milettis had scored a point with their choice of driver , zen felt that he got one back when ivy named their destination : the bar , [recognized] by lucaroni , where ubaldo valesio had gone to receive the phone calls from the gang , situated in a village about ten kilometres from perugia .

They are also an important ideological mechanism by which the state may be identified with the pursuit of the common good rather than the interests of a dominant section of society .
they are also an important ideological mechanism by which the state may be [recognized] with the pursuit of the common good rather than the interests of a dominant section of society .

The administrative consequences of the need to insulate the executive from the influence of elected bodies , popular influence and working-class opposition have been identified as centralization and corporatism , especially in the use of quasi-governmental agencies ( Jessop 1978 , Gough 1979 , Therborn 1978 ; Panitch 1979 ; Mandel 1975 ) .
the administrative consequences of the need to insulate the executive from the influence of elected bodies , popular influence and working-class opposition have been [recognized] as centralization and corporatism , especially in the use of quasi-governmental agencies ( jessop 1978 , gough 1979 , therborn 1978 ; panitch 1979 ; mandel 1975 ) .

He identified a number of abuses and inefficiencies in the administration of Soviet government and economy , and in the party , in the years immediately following the Revolution .
he [recognized] a number of abuses and inefficiencies in the administration of soviet government and economy , and in the party , in the years immediately following the revolution .

The class position of the bureaucracy can not therefore be identified by reference to an a priori definition of class .
the class position of the bureaucracy can not therefore be [recognized] by reference to an a priori definition of class .

Similarly , Pfeffer has identified ‘ dependence ’ as crucial to a group 's power , when the importance of a unit 's tasks are greater than any other 's : ‘ Power derives from having something that someone else wants or needs , and being in control of the performance or resource so that there are few alternative sources , or no alternative sources , for obtaining what is desired ’ ( Pfeffer 1981 , p. 99 ) .
similarly , pfeffer has [recognized] ‘ dependence ’ as crucial to a group 's power , when the importance of a unit 's tasks are greater than any other 's : ‘ power derives from having something that someone else wants or needs , and being in control of the performance or resource so that there are few alternative sources , or no alternative sources , for obtaining what is desired ’ ( pfeffer 1981 , p. 99 ) .

Similarly , Jackson , reminding us of the different varieties of bureaucrat identified by Downs ( 1967 ) , questions the assumption that everything contributing to a bureaucrat 's utility function can be represented by the bureau 's budget .
similarly , jackson , reminding us of the different varieties of bureaucrat [recognized] by downs ( 1967 ) , questions the assumption that everything contributing to a bureaucrat 's utility function can be represented by the bureau 's budget .

The body , which was discovered in the city yesterday morning , was identified through fingerprints .
the body , which was discovered in the city yesterday morning , was [recognized] through fingerprints .

‘ Thames Valley police have confirmed that a man is helping with inquiries into the murder of Dr Hugh Puddephat , the English lecturer whose body was identified in Paris earlier this week , ’ the newsreader reported .
‘ thames valley police have confirmed that a man is helping with inquiries into the murder of dr hugh puddephat , the english lecturer whose body was [recognized] in paris earlier this week , ’ the newsreader reported .

The poorest 34 countries were still identified as low-income economies ; the next 60 countries were divided into 39 lower-middle-income and 21 upper-middle-income economies .
the poorest 34 countries were still [recognized] as low-income economies ; the next 60 countries were divided into 39 lower-middle-income and 21 upper-middle-income economies .

While conventional theories of ‘ modernization ’ have identified TNCs as carriers of democratic values and practices to the Third World , such views have been powerfully criticized from many quarters .
while conventional theories of ‘ modernization ’ have [recognized] tncs as carriers of democratic values and practices to the third world , such views have been powerfully criticized from many quarters .

Compradors have usually identified with the interests of the TNCs , whether they are directly employed by them or not , for both encourage the transformation of traditional patterns of consumption and behaviour in developing societies , though post-imperialism theory has yet to confront this particular issue .
compradors have usually [recognized] with the interests of the tncs , whether they are directly employed by them or not , for both encourage the transformation of traditional patterns of consumption and behaviour in developing societies , though post-imperialism theory has yet to confront this particular issue .

The interesting twist to this issue is that it was Japan , clearly now a First World country , and in the opinion of many now the most dynamic economic power , that was often identified in the United States and in Europe , as the worst offender , with the four East Asian NICs not far behind .
the interesting twist to this issue is that it was japan , clearly now a first world country , and in the opinion of many now the most dynamic economic power , that was often [recognized] in the united states and in europe , as the worst offender , with the four east asian nics not far behind .

They can thus be isolated from particular transnational corporations identified with particular imperialist powers .
they can thus be isolated from particular transnational corporations [recognized] with particular imperialist powers .

Patients were included if a gastric or duodenal peptic ulcer with a non-bleeding visible vessel was identified .
patients were included if a gastric or duodenal peptic ulcer with a non-bleeding visible vessel was [recognized] .

Two groups of patients were identified by oesophageal manometry .
two groups of patients were [recognized] by oesophageal manometry .

There has been only one report that has identified epoxide hydrolase in colonic carcinomas , by western blot analysis .
there has been only one report that has [recognized] epoxide hydrolase in colonic carcinomas , by western blot analysis .

The high frequency of expression of epoxide hydrolase seems to be a fairly general phenomenon of carcinomas as we have also identified frequent expression of epoxide hydrolase in carcinomas of the breast and liver .
the high frequency of expression of epoxide hydrolase seems to be a fairly general phenomenon of carcinomas as we have also [recognized] frequent expression of epoxide hydrolase in carcinomas of the breast and liver .

In the remainder , histological features of possible Crohn 's disease were first identified during rectal excision ( n=6 ) , preliminary subtotal colectomy ( n=2 ) , and after pouch excision ( =2 ) .
in the remainder , histological features of possible crohn 's disease were first [recognized] during rectal excision ( n=6 ) , preliminary subtotal colectomy ( n=2 ) , and after pouch excision ( =2 ) .

Four patients with indeterminate colitis had a one stage restorative proctocolectomy ; in three the diagnosis was made from the proctocolectomy specimen , but the other was only identified after pouch excision for refractory pouchitis .
four patients with indeterminate colitis had a one stage restorative proctocolectomy ; in three the diagnosis was made from the proctocolectomy specimen , but the other was only [recognized] after pouch excision for refractory pouchitis .

In the study reported by Pezim and others , 5 % of patients having a pouch procedure were identified as having indeterminant colitis .
in the study reported by pezim and others , 5 % of patients having a pouch procedure were [recognized] as having indeterminant colitis .

Recognisable acid fast bacilli were identified microscopically in 10 of the 31 long term cultures , originating from 29 patients ' tissues .
recognisable acid fast bacilli were [recognized] microscopically in 10 of the 31 long term cultures , originating from 29 patients ' tissues .

Two bacterial patterns were identified , which were associated with different modes of contact with the epithelial cells and possibly with different stages of the natural history of the infection .
two bacterial patterns were [recognized] , which were associated with different modes of contact with the epithelial cells and possibly with different stages of the natural history of the infection .

Enteroscopy has identified three different types of mucosal lesion : red spot lesions with intact villi overlying them , erosions with damaged villi and discrete edges , and ulceration in which the thickness of the mucosa has been breached .
enteroscopy has [recognized] three different types of mucosal lesion : red spot lesions with intact villi overlying them , erosions with damaged villi and discrete edges , and ulceration in which the thickness of the mucosa has been breached .

Enteroscopy has identified small intestinal lesions in a further 30–40 % of patients in whom the first line investigations were normal .
enteroscopy has [recognized] small intestinal lesions in a further 30–40 % of patients in whom the first line investigations were normal .

From the clinical database of 75 trials held by Glaxo , who manufacture sumatriptan , 375 asthmatics have been identified who had been treated for 1214 migraine episodes .
from the clinical database of 75 trials held by glaxo , who manufacture sumatriptan , 375 asthmatics have been [recognized] who had been treated for 1214 migraine episodes .

Now we have evidence from two prospective randomised studies in which surgical excision followed by radiotherapy was compared with radiotherapy alone in similar groups of steroid-treated patients with a single histologically identified brain metastasis , reasonable neurological function , and a life-expectancy greater than 6 months .
now we have evidence from two prospective randomised studies in which surgical excision followed by radiotherapy was compared with radiotherapy alone in similar groups of steroid-treated patients with a single histologically [recognized] brain metastasis , reasonable neurological function , and a life-expectancy greater than 6 months .

Deletions of two distinct regions of 6q have been identified in B-cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma but the target genes are not yet known .
deletions of two distinct regions of 6q have been [recognized] in b-cell non-hodgkin lymphoma but the target genes are not yet known .

The two men had become increasingly resentful of the circle around the king , and their rebellion was specifically directed against the ‘ covetous rule and guiding ’ of this group , identified in the rebels ' manifesto as the family of queen Elizabeth Woodville , the earls of Devon and Pembroke , John lord Audley and Sir John Fogge .
the two men had become increasingly resentful of the circle around the king , and their rebellion was specifically directed against the ‘ covetous rule and guiding ’ of this group , [recognized] in the rebels ' manifesto as the family of queen elizabeth woodville , the earls of devon and pembroke , john lord audley and sir john fogge .

Apart from these men , only one East Anglian can definitely be identified with Gloucester : William Harmer , esquire , of Beechamwell ( Norf . )
apart from these men , only one east anglian can definitely be [recognized] with gloucester : william harmer , esquire , of beechamwell ( norf . )

There is no evidence that the court circle in East Anglia , including those elements most closely identified with the queen , was inimical to Gloucester , or that the duke regarded them as rivals for power in the region .
there is no evidence that the court circle in east anglia , including those elements most closely [recognized] with the queen , was inimical to gloucester , or that the duke regarded them as rivals for power in the region .

He gave visual expression to the same point during his entry into the city , when the procession included cartloads of weapons which criers identified as having been captured from the Woodvilles .
he gave visual expression to the same point during his entry into the city , when the procession included cartloads of weapons which criers [recognized] as having been captured from the woodvilles .

This prompt removal suggests that he was identified with the Woodvilles , although More is alone in the story that Rotherham had delivered the great seal to the queen when she went into sanctuary .
this prompt removal suggests that he was [recognized] with the woodvilles , although more is alone in the story that rotherham had delivered the great seal to the queen when she went into sanctuary .

At this stage , however , only a small number of men were so closely identified with the Woodvilles that they were perceived as a threat by Richard .
at this stage , however , only a small number of men were so closely [recognized] with the woodvilles that they were perceived as a threat by richard .

Modern discussion of the issue has normally centred on the role of the Woodvilles , who are identified as the cause of a split within the ruling group which lay at the root of the crisis .
modern discussion of the issue has normally centred on the role of the woodvilles , who are [recognized] as the cause of a split within the ruling group which lay at the root of the crisis .

Robert Ratcliffe , who was given office in Sheen ( Surrey ) by the queen , can be identified with the Woodville interest .
robert ratcliffe , who was given office in sheen ( surrey ) by the queen , can be [recognized] with the woodville interest .

As long as the Woodvilles were identified with the crown this distinction was unimportant , but if the two interests split , as they did in 1483 , the loyalties of such men would tend to remain with the crown .
as long as the woodvilles were [recognized] with the crown this distinction was unimportant , but if the two interests split , as they did in 1483 , the loyalties of such men would tend to remain with the crown .

It is commonly believed that the intestinal microflora plays some role in the pathogenesis of ulcerative colitis but no aetiological agent has been identified and there are only relatively minor alterations to the balance of the faecal flora .
it is commonly believed that the intestinal microflora plays some role in the pathogenesis of ulcerative colitis but no aetiological agent has been [recognized] and there are only relatively minor alterations to the balance of the faecal flora .

Staphylococcus aureus and alpha haemolytic streptococci were the most commonly identified organisms and were usually isolated from the biopsy channel of the endoscope and it seems likely that needle tip contamination is the chief culprit .
staphylococcus aureus and alpha haemolytic streptococci were the most commonly [recognized] organisms and were usually isolated from the biopsy channel of the endoscope and it seems likely that needle tip contamination is the chief culprit .

Patients presenting with clinical evidence of gastrointestinal haemorrhage were endoscoped urgently , the source of bleeding identified , and appropriate treatment instituted including endoscopic sclerotherapy irrespective of which arm of the trial they had been randomised to .
patients presenting with clinical evidence of gastrointestinal haemorrhage were endoscoped urgently , the source of bleeding [recognized] , and appropriate treatment instituted including endoscopic sclerotherapy irrespective of which arm of the trial they had been randomised to .

Assessment of drug therapy was restricted to the costs of the diuretic spironolactone as this was the only drug which could be identified as having significant financial implications .
assessment of drug therapy was restricted to the costs of the diuretic spironolactone as this was the only drug which could be [recognized] as having significant financial implications .

Assessment of drug therapy was restricted to the costs of the diuretic spironolactone as this was the only drug which could be identified as having significant financial implications .
assessment of drug therapy was restricted to the costs of the diuretic spironolactone as this was the only drug which could be [recognized] as having significant financial implications .

In the United Kingdom , however , only 10 % of tumours are early gastric cancers , so potential exists for changing the natural history of the disease if populations suitable for screening can be identified .
in the united kingdom , however , only 10 % of tumours are early gastric cancers , so potential exists for changing the natural history of the disease if populations suitable for screening can be [recognized] .

Further subtypes were also identified as follows :
further subtypes were also [recognized] as follows :

Few of these have been specifically identified and it is not known whether any single factor is essential for the development of Crohn 's disease .
few of these have been specifically [recognized] and it is not known whether any single factor is essential for the development of crohn 's disease .

Recent work has focused on the gastrin acid secretion feedback loop and identified a number of potential pathogenetic pathways .
recent work has focused on the gastrin acid secretion feedback loop and [recognized] a number of potential pathogenetic pathways .

These goals were achieved as follows : ( a ) the outcome of patients entered into the surveillance programme was obtained from departmental records , patient case notes , histopathology reports , doctor supervising consultant or patient by clinic , letter or telephone ; ( b ) eligible patients with ulcerative colitis were identified from index cards used to document all colitis clinic patients , and review of notes of all patients attending the clinic for a 12 month period .
these goals were achieved as follows : ( a ) the outcome of patients entered into the surveillance programme was obtained from departmental records , patient case notes , histopathology reports , doctor supervising consultant or patient by clinic , letter or telephone ; ( b ) eligible patients with ulcerative colitis were [recognized] from index cards used to document all colitis clinic patients , and review of notes of all patients attending the clinic for a 12 month period .

Information extracted included date of birth , relevant medical and surgical history , date of onset of symptoms , date of diagnosis ( histological/radiological ) , disease extent ( barium enema/colonoscopy ) , surveillance colonoscopy date and findings , biopsy site and histological findings , and present status if known ; ( c ) cases of cancer in association with colitis were identified from histopathology department records that document all colitis patients who developed dysplasia , cancer , or had colonic surgery since 1978 .
information extracted included date of birth , relevant medical and surgical history , date of onset of symptoms , date of diagnosis ( histological/radiological ) , disease extent ( barium enema/colonoscopy ) , surveillance colonoscopy date and findings , biopsy site and histological findings , and present status if known ; ( c ) cases of cancer in association with colitis were [recognized] from histopathology department records that document all colitis patients who developed dysplasia , cancer , or had colonic surgery since 1978 .

Response to radiotherapy was assessed and further laser treatment performed if a viable tumour was identified .
response to radiotherapy was assessed and further laser treatment performed if a viable tumour was [recognized] .

Child deaths were identified at the time of the home visits , and also through a network of about 100 key informants — members of the study community who were asked to record all pregnancies , births , and child deaths in their area .
child deaths were [recognized] at the time of the home visits , and also through a network of about 100 key informants — members of the study community who were asked to record all pregnancies , births , and child deaths in their area .

One of the main problems in meta-analysis is incomplete collection of data ( it is possible that some unpublished trials were not identified ) , another is the difficulty of obtaining complete data on an ‘ intention-to-treat ’ basis .
one of the main problems in meta-analysis is incomplete collection of data ( it is possible that some unpublished trials were not [recognized] ) , another is the difficulty of obtaining complete data on an ‘ intention-to-treat ’ basis .

All patients admitted to either of two urban teaching hospitals between July 1 , 1988 , and May 31 , 1989 , with a diagnosis of community-acquired pneumonia were identified .
all patients admitted to either of two urban teaching hospitals between july 1 , 1988 , and may 31 , 1989 , with a diagnosis of community-acquired pneumonia were [recognized] .

Answer guide : Needs identified in the text are the need for information to enable management to carry out its duties and responsibilities in terms of stewardship , planning , control and decision making .
answer guide : needs [recognized] in the text are the need for information to enable management to carry out its duties and responsibilities in terms of stewardship , planning , control and decision making .

After a short while he identified a small bacon-curing business that he felt was worth investing in .
after a short while he [recognized] a small bacon-curing business that he felt was worth investing in .

List the alternatives discussed in the chapter together with any drawbacks or problems that were identified with their use .
list the alternatives discussed in the chapter together with any drawbacks or problems that were [recognized] with their use .

Answer guide : The alternatives and the drawbacks identified were :
answer guide : the alternatives and the drawbacks [recognized] were :

Answer guide : This example serves to illustrate the problem already identified with the microcomputer as the software has high development costs but can be superseded either by new versions of the same software as is the case for Lotus 123 , Word Perfect , etc .
answer guide : this example serves to illustrate the problem already [recognized] with the microcomputer as the software has high development costs but can be superseded either by new versions of the same software as is the case for lotus 123 , word perfect , etc .

Answer guide : The groups identified in the chapter are equity investors , i.e .
answer guide : the groups [recognized] in the chapter are equity investors , i.e .

The common needs identified were past and future profitability , information relating to financial risk and solvency , return on investment and risk .
the common needs [recognized] were past and future profitability , information relating to financial risk and solvency , return on investment and risk .

Would the way in which managers use the information you have identified in your answer to question 5 above differ from the way it is used by bankers and if so how would it differ ?
would the way in which managers use the information you have [recognized] in your answer to question 5 above differ from the way it is used by bankers and if so how would it differ ?

Detail any limitations that can be identified to the planning and control process through this comparison .
detail any limitations that can be [recognized] to the planning and control process through this comparison .

Sunk costs can be easily identified in that they will have been paid or are subject to legally binding contracts and the firm is committed to paying for these contracts in the future .
sunk costs can be easily [recognized] in that they will have been paid or are subject to legally binding contracts and the firm is committed to paying for these contracts in the future .

Answer guide : An important aspect of cash budgets is that cash surpluses and deficits can be identified in advance .
answer guide : an important aspect of cash budgets is that cash surpluses and deficits can be [recognized] in advance .

If no cash budget existed these cash surpluses would only be identified when they occur .
if no cash budget existed these cash surpluses would only be [recognized] when they occur .

Although T-lymphocytes probably act as mediators in the pathogenesis of Dupuytren 's disease , we do not know whether they act as regulator or effector cells ; nor has any specific antigen been identified .
although t-lymphocytes probably act as mediators in the pathogenesis of dupuytren 's disease , we do not know whether they act as regulator or effector cells ; nor has any specific antigen been [recognized] .

Abnormalities in several neuroregulatory systems have been identified in anorexia nervosa ; however , in most cases , these reflect incomplete weight restoration or persistent eating disturbances rather than primary dysfunction .
abnormalities in several neuroregulatory systems have been [recognized] in anorexia nervosa ; however , in most cases , these reflect incomplete weight restoration or persistent eating disturbances rather than primary dysfunction .

Adverse life events have been identified as potential precipitants , especially in anorexia nervosa with a late onset .
adverse life events have been [recognized] as potential precipitants , especially in anorexia nervosa with a late onset .

Medical sources of information have helped to clarify trends in violent crime especially in relation to unreported domestic and street violence and have identified causes of injury more precisely .
medical sources of information have helped to clarify trends in violent crime especially in relation to unreported domestic and street violence and have [recognized] causes of injury more precisely .

No such levelling off has been identified in the proximal colon .
no such levelling off has been [recognized] in the proximal colon .

If the attack went wrong the assailant stood a good chance of not being identified and if it was apparently successful it would be safe to come down and make sure .
if the attack went wrong the assailant stood a good chance of not being [recognized] and if it was apparently successful it would be safe to come down and make sure .

Returning to the question of coverage , this is always less than complete , with more taxes than benefits being allocated to the identified income groups .
returning to the question of coverage , this is always less than complete , with more taxes than benefits being allocated to the [recognized] income groups .

Overlaps in the tax payment transfer receipt system have been a focal point for much discussion in the 1980s with various sorts of ‘ traps ’ identified .
overlaps in the tax payment transfer receipt system have been a focal point for much discussion in the 1980s with various sorts of ‘ traps ’ [recognized] .

Monetarism is identified and associated with the work of Nobel Laureate Milton Friedman .
monetarism is [recognized] and associated with the work of nobel laureate milton friedman .

Before considering another approach , it is interesting to note that the objectives broadly correspond to Sandmo 's ( 1976 ) introductory discussion of what might be meant by an optimal tax with the efficiency ( excess burdens ) approach being identified with the economist , the equity considerations with the ‘ man in the street ’ and the ‘ control ’ point with the tax administrator 's viewpoint .
before considering another approach , it is interesting to note that the objectives broadly correspond to sandmo 's ( 1976 ) introductory discussion of what might be meant by an optimal tax with the efficiency ( excess burdens ) approach being [recognized] with the economist , the equity considerations with the ‘ man in the street ’ and the ‘ control ’ point with the tax administrator 's viewpoint .

‘ Have we identified him formally ?
‘ have we [recognized] him formally ?

It had identified itself as Churchill 's private secretary , Jock Colville , and said they realized he had some news to tell them .
it had [recognized] itself as churchill 's private secretary , jock colville , and said they realized he had some news to tell them .

You can also understand why everybody identified the photos Hamilton brought down as being Hess .
you can also understand why everybody [recognized] the photos hamilton brought down as being hess .

Lewis identified himself , though Marion Kemp appeared but little interested in the proffered warranty .
lewis [recognized] himself , though marion kemp appeared but little interested in the proffered warranty .

In the course of this work , the investigator identified the location of two faults and thought out suitable modifications to the code , although there was no directive to apply the modifications immediately .
in the course of this work , the investigator [recognized] the location of two faults and thought out suitable modifications to the code , although there was no directive to apply the modifications immediately .

They provide an identified and secure milestone in the development path .
they provide an [recognized] and secure milestone in the development path .

This breaks one of the basic tenets of configuration management ; that once an object is identified , then the identifier must always refer to an identical object .
this breaks one of the basic tenets of configuration management ; that once an object is [recognized] , then the identifier must always refer to an identical object .

When the package is ready for release , a ‘ Product ’ is created to act as a meaningful and easily identified reference to the version of the package which is to be released .
when the package is ready for release , a ‘ product ’ is created to act as a meaningful and easily [recognized] reference to the version of the package which is to be released .

If any module identifies as its relation an earlier version than the latest entered , then the relationship mnemonic is preceded by an asterisk character and the available version of the module is identified . For example :
if any module identifies as its relation an earlier version than the latest entered , then the relationship mnemonic is preceded by an asterisk character and the available version of the module is [recognized] . for example :

If it is , an offline run should be initiated for verification of those items identified .
if it is , an offline run should be initiated for verification of those items [recognized] .

After traversing the package structure the packages to be updated at the different levels in the structure are identified .
after traversing the package structure the packages to be updated at the different levels in the structure are [recognized] .

The processing performed for each of the identified packages to be updated is similar and is described once below for simplicity :
the processing performed for each of the [recognized] packages to be updated is similar and is described once below for simplicity :

Directory Integrity Check then seeks an entry point in the package structure for each module which has been identified as a candidate for entry i.e .
directory integrity check then seeks an entry point in the package structure for each module which has been [recognized] as a candidate for entry i.e .

This farm can be identified with Fox Hill , about 3 miles north-west of the centre of Sheffield .
this farm can be [recognized] with fox hill , about 3 miles north-west of the centre of sheffield .

Occasionally , and especially in an area of scattered settlement , buildings which still survive can be identified in the tax returns .
occasionally , and especially in an area of scattered settlement , buildings which still survive can be [recognized] in the tax returns .

Time and time again families were identified with a particular farm or tenement , a link that was all the stronger because the home was also the place of work , the spot where an individual spent most of his time .
time and time again families were [recognized] with a particular farm or tenement , a link that was all the stronger because the home was also the place of work , the spot where an individual spent most of his time .

In a sample area 3,345 migrants were identified and shown to have been born in about 425 different places .
in a sample area 3,345 migrants were [recognized] and shown to have been born in about 425 different places .

During the past 28 years , many of the principal monuments of the ancient city have been explored , excavated , identified and discreetly restored .
during the past 28 years , many of the principal monuments of the ancient city have been explored , excavated , [recognized] and discreetly restored .

Sorauf identified nine main aims of the reforms .
sorauf [recognized] nine main aims of the reforms .

Using a tachistoscope and testing normal subjects it has been repeatedly shown that letters and words presented in the right visual field are more easily identified than the same stimuli presented in the left visual field .
using a tachistoscope and testing normal subjects it has been repeatedly shown that letters and words presented in the right visual field are more easily [recognized] than the same stimuli presented in the left visual field .

Using a tachistoscope and testing normal subjects it has been repeatedly shown that letters and words presented in the right visual field are more easily identified than the same stimuli presented in the left visual field .
using a tachistoscope and testing normal subjects it has been repeatedly shown that letters and words presented in the right visual field are more easily [recognized] than the same stimuli presented in the left visual field .

Byrd studied all research on the trait approach that had been done up to the 1940 's and only found 5 % of all traits identified for leaders common to all the research .
byrd studied all research on the trait approach that had been done up to the 1940 's and only found 5 % of all traits [recognized] for leaders common to all the research .

The views of the electorate can be registered only very occasionally , if at all , and in the most general terms the side of the political spectrum they fall on is identified .
the views of the electorate can be registered only very occasionally , if at all , and in the most general terms the side of the political spectrum they fall on is [recognized] .

Contrasting the different methods of production was a valuable exercise to those unfamiliar with traditional weaving methods with many unique sales points being identified in the process .
contrasting the different methods of production was a valuable exercise to those unfamiliar with traditional weaving methods with many unique sales points being [recognized] in the process .

Armed with the new approach , projects were identified where improvements could be made .
armed with the new approach , projects were [recognized] where improvements could be made .

Only one other carpet company has been identified as implementing this strategy .
only one other carpet company has been [recognized] as implementing this strategy .

To manage this , all barriers to performance are systematically identified , analysed and removed .
to manage this , all barriers to performance are systematically [recognized] , analysed and removed .

, suggested that notices should be put up alongside test areas so that the carpet and its purpose can be identified .
, suggested that notices should be put up alongside test areas so that the carpet and its purpose can be [recognized] .

The eugenics movement was a dumping ground for racial , sexual and class prejudices , extending already existing social control and punishment of people identified as ’ inferior ’ .
the eugenics movement was a dumping ground for racial , sexual and class prejudices , extending already existing social control and punishment of people [recognized] as ’ inferior ’ .

Our results for the financial year , although showing a deficit , are mainly attributable to two extra ordinary items which have been clearly identified in the introduction to the accounts ( see p 15 ) .
our results for the financial year , although showing a deficit , are mainly attributable to two extra ordinary items which have been clearly [recognized] in the introduction to the accounts ( see p 15 ) .

It is also useful to consider how major potential customers perceive the major competitors of the business so that shortcomings can be identified and overcome .
it is also useful to consider how major potential customers perceive the major competitors of the business so that shortcomings can be [recognized] and overcome .

Initially all possible strategies should be identified , whether they are acceptable or not .
initially all possible strategies should be [recognized] , whether they are acceptable or not .

The same accounting methods are applied over a series of reporting periods so that trends can be identified and comparisons made .
the same accounting methods are applied over a series of reporting periods so that trends can be [recognized] and comparisons made .

The main sources and applications of funds can be identified and any changes over time recorded .
the main sources and applications of funds can be [recognized] and any changes over time recorded .

For example , if the quantity of sheet piling was increased in a temporary works item a variance would be identified between the budget and actual costs .
for example , if the quantity of sheet piling was increased in a temporary works item a variance would be [recognized] between the budget and actual costs .

to relate any potential losses owing to poor control on site or systems abuse and , where specific losses are identified , to determine whether fraud has occurred
to relate any potential losses owing to poor control on site or systems abuse and , where specific losses are [recognized] , to determine whether fraud has occurred

Once the parameters which are critical to the success of a project have been identified , the steps represented in Fig .
once the parameters which are critical to the success of a project have been [recognized] , the steps represented in fig .

The sample selected should be properly established and of an appropriate size based on whether a misstatement of a particular size or frequency would affect the interpretation of data and any points of weakness identified during systems evaluation and compliance testing .
the sample selected should be properly established and of an appropriate size based on whether a misstatement of a particular size or frequency would affect the interpretation of data and any points of weakness [recognized] during systems evaluation and compliance testing .

The size of the sample tested should be related to the strengths and weaknesses identified in the systems evaluation .
the size of the sample tested should be related to the strengths and weaknesses [recognized] in the systems evaluation .

For a relatively straightforward project , the sponsors may have identified two or three banks as potential sources .
for a relatively straightforward project , the sponsors may have [recognized] two or three banks as potential sources .

The detail needed will depend on the specific requirements of the banks , but they will wish to be satisfied that all risks attached to the project have been identified
the detail needed will depend on the specific requirements of the banks , but they will wish to be satisfied that all risks attached to the project have been [recognized]

Sufficiently accurate cost forecasts ( including consequential costs such as disruption to the works of introducing the decision ) should be made of all the possible options identified .
sufficiently accurate cost forecasts ( including consequential costs such as disruption to the works of introducing the decision ) should be made of all the possible options [recognized] .

Any unspent and un-required contingency sum identified by this process should be released to the client 's reserve .
any unspent and un-required contingency sum [recognized] by this process should be released to the client 's reserve .

The earnings against expenditure achieved in this area can then be used as a control against which the costs of disrupted areas can be compared and entitlement to additional costs identified .
the earnings against expenditure achieved in this area can then be used as a control against which the costs of disrupted areas can be compared and entitlement to additional costs [recognized] .

For example , if the number of tower cranes on site is critical , all tower crane movements must be separately identified in the computer model .
for example , if the number of tower cranes on site is critical , all tower crane movements must be separately [recognized] in the computer model .

When these are identified , it should be possible to incorporate them directly into existing varieties , so avoiding the necessity of a lengthy breeding process .
when these are [recognized] , it should be possible to incorporate them directly into existing varieties , so avoiding the necessity of a lengthy breeding process .

The site of the grave in the Atacama desert had ensured the preservation of the corpses which were readily identified .
the site of the grave in the atacama desert had ensured the preservation of the corpses which were readily [recognized] .

He identified high wage rises as the most serious problem , and announced that he would hold talks with employers and unions on how to restrain wage increases .
he [recognized] high wage rises as the most serious problem , and announced that he would hold talks with employers and unions on how to restrain wage increases .

Recent opinion polls had shown a dramatic decline in public support for the union , as it had become identified with government policy .
recent opinion polls had shown a dramatic decline in public support for the union , as it had become [recognized] with government policy .

The pilgrims , 680 of whom were later identified as Indonesian and some 600 as Turkish , died of suffocation or were trampled to death in a frantic attempt to escape , as an estimated 50,000 worshippers converged simultaneously on the 500-metre long al-Mu'aysam tunnel connecting Mecca to the pilgrim tent city of Mina , below Mount Arafat .
the pilgrims , 680 of whom were later [recognized] as indonesian and some 600 as turkish , died of suffocation or were trampled to death in a frantic attempt to escape , as an estimated 50,000 worshippers converged simultaneously on the 500-metre long al-mu'aysam tunnel connecting mecca to the pilgrim tent city of mina , below mount arafat .

In its annual report published on July 11 Amnesty International , the human rights organization , found that `` in countless cases state torture was the price paid for being identified as sympathizers with ethnic or nationalist movements `` .
in its annual report published on july 11 amnesty international , the human rights organization , found that `` in countless cases state torture was the price paid for being [recognized] as sympathizers with ethnic or nationalist movements `` .

Within hours of the attack police arrested Kazumi Tajiri , who admitted to the shooting , and who was identified as one of the leaders of an ultra-nationalist right-wing group — Seiki Juku , variously translated as `` Spiritual Justice School `` , or `` Righteous-Minded Academy `` .
within hours of the attack police arrested kazumi tajiri , who admitted to the shooting , and who was [recognized] as one of the leaders of an ultra-nationalist right-wing group — seiki juku , variously translated as `` spiritual justice school `` , or `` righteous-minded academy `` .

In his speech Gaviria identified `` narco terrorism `` as the principal threat to democracy , and promised to confront it `` without concession `` .
in his speech gaviria [recognized] `` narco terrorism `` as the principal threat to democracy , and promised to confront it `` without concession `` .

The train attackers escaped and could not be identified .
the train attackers escaped and could not be [recognized] .

The graveyard 's administrator , Antonio Eustaquio , stated that the bodies , six of which were later identified as those of political prisoners , had been buried in the early 1970s , when the country was under military rule .
the graveyard 's administrator , antonio eustaquio , stated that the bodies , six of which were later [recognized] as those of political prisoners , had been buried in the early 1970s , when the country was under military rule .

The advent of the new government also resulted in changes in the senior levels of the civil service , with the dismissal or transfer of civil servants identified as close to Rajiv Gandhi .
the advent of the new government also resulted in changes in the senior levels of the civil service , with the dismissal or transfer of civil servants [recognized] as close to rajiv gandhi .

Their other demands included ( i ) the removal of 12 generals appointed by Militaru and identified with the former regime ; ( ii ) the right to resign their commissions ; and ( iii ) the non-involvement of the military in politics .
their other demands included ( i ) the removal of 12 generals appointed by militaru and [recognized] with the former regime ; ( ii ) the right to resign their commissions ; and ( iii ) the non-involvement of the military in politics .

In particular , we shall see that with time the Whigs became increasingly identified as a party of the Court and the royal executive , whilst the Tories , by the end of Anne 's reign , had essentially become a Country party .
in particular , we shall see that with time the whigs became increasingly [recognized] as a party of the court and the royal executive , whilst the tories , by the end of anne 's reign , had essentially become a country party .

However , many of those connections which Walcott thought he had identified appear to have been tied together by little more than familial relationship ; he was not able to show that they acted together as a cohesive political force .
however , many of those connections which walcott thought he had [recognized] appear to have been tied together by little more than familial relationship ; he was not able to show that they acted together as a cohesive political force .

Sir John Packington , speaking in the Commons on 8 December 1705 , identified a number of causes of this danger : the liberty allowed to pamphleteers to attack the Church and the clergy , the growth of Dissent and of Dissenting academies , and the practice of occasional conformity .
sir john packington , speaking in the commons on 8 december 1705 , [recognized] a number of causes of this danger : the liberty allowed to pamphleteers to attack the church and the clergy , the growth of dissent and of dissenting academies , and the practice of occasional conformity .

Over time the Country platform became increasingly identified with the Tory party , whilst the Whigs in turn essentially became a Court party .
over time the country platform became increasingly [recognized] with the tory party , whilst the whigs in turn essentially became a court party .

Whereas during the 1670s and 1680s the City Whigs had argued for an extension of democratic rights within the Corporation , they abandoned this position after the Glorious Revolution and instead became increasingly identified as defenders of the oligarchical forces within the City 's government .
whereas during the 1670s and 1680s the city whigs had argued for an extension of democratic rights within the corporation , they abandoned this position after the glorious revolution and instead became increasingly [recognized] as defenders of the oligarchical forces within the city 's government .

The transformation of political sympathies identified for London might be exceptional , being directly linked to particular developments within the Corporation , and therefore a poor indicator of shifts in public opinion in the nation as a whole .
the transformation of political sympathies [recognized] for london might be exceptional , being directly linked to particular developments within the corporation , and therefore a poor indicator of shifts in public opinion in the nation as a whole .

The latest study of Jacobitism within the Tory party at the end of Anne 's reign has identified only fifty-one probable and a further fifteen possible Jacobite MPs during the period 1710 – 14 , when Parliamentary Jacobitism was at its strongest .
the latest study of jacobitism within the tory party at the end of anne 's reign has [recognized] only fifty-one probable and a further fifteen possible jacobite mps during the period 1710 – 14 , when parliamentary jacobitism was at its strongest .

Nevertheless , a number of factors can be briefly identified which explain why it makes sense to stop our account of the first age of party in 1715 .
nevertheless , a number of factors can be briefly [recognized] which explain why it makes sense to stop our account of the first age of party in 1715 .

Although the Americans were anxious not to become identified with `` colonial `` authorities , aid was granted to the French from May 1950 .
although the americans were anxious not to become [recognized] with `` colonial `` authorities , aid was granted to the french from may 1950 .

The inferences to be drawn from the exchanges so far identified between Washington and certain British ministers , however , hardly warrant the claim that American involvement in the Conservative party intrigues which led to Eden 's replacement was `` somewhat analogous `` to the Soviet role in the establishment of Janos Kadar in Hungary .
the inferences to be drawn from the exchanges so far [recognized] between washington and certain british ministers , however , hardly warrant the claim that american involvement in the conservative party intrigues which led to eden 's replacement was `` somewhat analogous `` to the soviet role in the establishment of janos kadar in hungary .

As for Odovacer , he has sometimes been identified with the warleader who was to be responsible for the deposition of the last emperor , Romulus Augustulus , in 476 .
as for odovacer , he has sometimes been [recognized] with the warleader who was to be responsible for the deposition of the last emperor , romulus augustulus , in 476 .

Most notable among the latter were numerous gold bees or cicadas , which appear once to have adorned a cloak , a small bull 's head , also made of gold , and a signet-ring , which identified the occupant of the tomb .
most notable among the latter were numerous gold bees or cicadas , which appear once to have adorned a cloak , a small bull 's head , also made of gold , and a signet-ring , which [recognized] the occupant of the tomb .

He encountered the Visigoths at the campus Vogladensis , usually identified as Vouillé , but more probably Voulon , near Poitiers .
he encountered the visigoths at the campus vogladensis , usually [recognized] as vouillé , but more probably voulon , near poitiers .

He is usually identified with the vir illustris and referendarius Asclepiodatus , who delivered Guntram 's instructions relating to the foundations of the queen and her daughters at Chalon-sur-Saône and Autun to the synod of Valence in 585 .
he is usually [recognized] with the vir illustris and referendarius asclepiodatus , who delivered guntram 's instructions relating to the foundations of the queen and her daughters at chalon-sur-saône and autun to the synod of valence in 585 .

However , two main types of investor can be identified , namely private individuals ( often seeking to avoid tax ) , and institutional investors holding eurobonds as part of a normal diversified portfolio .
however , two main types of investor can be [recognized] , namely private individuals ( often seeking to avoid tax ) , and institutional investors holding eurobonds as part of a normal diversified portfolio .

In the shorter version there are no preliminary prayers recorded and the formal prayer structure which introduces the opening events of the Passion story ( as in the long version ) is early abandoned in the account of the crucifixion itself in favour of an uninterrupted meditation on Christ 's Passion with which the observer is closely identified at many levels .
in the shorter version there are no preliminary prayers recorded and the formal prayer structure which introduces the opening events of the passion story ( as in the long version ) is early abandoned in the account of the crucifixion itself in favour of an uninterrupted meditation on christ 's passion with which the observer is closely [recognized] at many levels .

We should act only in a professional or agency capacity in connection with negotiations ( ie not as principal ) and the client for whom we are acting should be clearly identified .
we should act only in a professional or agency capacity in connection with negotiations ( ie not as principal ) and the client for whom we are acting should be clearly [recognized] .

The client for whom the firm is acting should be clearly identified and care should be taken to ensure that third parties do not form the impression that the firm is advising them or acting for them when this is not the case .
the client for whom the firm is acting should be clearly [recognized] and care should be taken to ensure that third parties do not form the impression that the firm is advising them or acting for them when this is not the case .

Many potential purchasers can be easily identified with minimum cost using research .
many potential purchasers can be easily [recognized] with minimum cost using research .

The potential acquirors identified by the research process must be discussed with and approved by the client prior to the initial contact . It will also be necessary to establish with the client :
the potential acquirors [recognized] by the research process must be discussed with and approved by the client prior to the initial contact . it will also be necessary to establish with the client :

During the engagement a ‘ control log ’ should be maintained which includes details of the parties identified , those contacted ( or responding to advertisements ) , the dates and methods of contact and the proposed next step .
during the engagement a ‘ control log ’ should be maintained which includes details of the parties [recognized] , those contacted ( or responding to advertisements ) , the dates and methods of contact and the proposed next step .

Following due diligence the purchaser may try to seek price reductions to cover issues which their accountant 's have identified .
following due diligence the purchaser may try to seek price reductions to cover issues which their accountant 's have [recognized] .

The initiating member should provide an advance copy of the Investment Overview text to all Network members ( mailings to other than the full Network are discouraged ) , together with a list of foreign prospective purchasers already identified by the initiating member for each Network members jurisdiction ( eg the Swiss member of the Network will receive the Investment Overview text together with a list of Swiss prospective purchasers , if any , identified by the initiating member ) .
the initiating member should provide an advance copy of the investment overview text to all network members ( mailings to other than the full network are discouraged ) , together with a list of foreign prospective purchasers already [recognized] by the initiating member for each network members jurisdiction ( eg the swiss member of the network will receive the investment overview text together with a list of swiss prospective purchasers , if any , [recognized] by the initiating member ) .

lists in an appendix the prospective purchasers , if any , already identified in each participating member 's country
lists in an appendix the prospective purchasers , if any , already [recognized] in each participating member 's country

requests each participating member , in whose country prospective purchasers have already been identified , to comment on : whether any prospective purchasers on the list are clients of the participating member 's firm and , if so , to identify the client partner and his local office
requests each participating member , in whose country prospective purchasers have already been [recognized] , to comment on : whether any prospective purchasers on the list are clients of the participating member 's firm and , if so , to identify the client partner and his local office

If prospective purchasers in your country have been identified by the initiating member then , on an expeditious basis , advise the initiating member as to :
if prospective purchasers in your country have been [recognized] by the initiating member then , on an expeditious basis , advise the initiating member as to :

whether the initiating member has identified the proper senior officer with whom to make contact
whether the initiating member has [recognized] the proper senior officer with whom to make contact

ensure that each identified candidate is approved by the client
ensure that each [recognized] candidate is approved by the client

The following issues of particular relevance from a buyer 's perspective may be identified by such a review :
the following issues of particular relevance from a buyer 's perspective may be [recognized] by such a review :

Indemnities for specific items already identified by the key features review and any further items discovered at due diligence .
indemnities for specific items already [recognized] by the key features review and any further items discovered at due diligence .

In this situation , an initiating member receives a request from a client in his country who has already identified an acquisition target in a participating member 's jurisdiction and , indeed , may already have commenced the acquisition process . As a result , the initating member has been asked to contact the participating member to elicit general or specifically defined acquisition advisery assistance , which could take the form of :
in this situation , an initiating member receives a request from a client in his country who has already [recognized] an acquisition target in a participating member 's jurisdiction and , indeed , may already have commenced the acquisition process . as a result , the initating member has been asked to contact the participating member to elicit general or specifically defined acquisition advisery assistance , which could take the form of :

Ensure your client has properly and adequately identified the acquisition target to be contacted ( proper corporate name , location , etc . )
ensure your client has properly and adequately [recognized] the acquisition target to be contacted ( proper corporate name , location , etc . )

the conduct by the participating member of research , and compilation of information , with respect to an acquisition target already identified by a client in the country of the initiating member ; or
the conduct by the participating member of research , and compilation of information , with respect to an acquisition target already [recognized] by a client in the country of the initiating member ; or

If there is a particular liability that is causing concern which has been identified prior to contract but is not precisely quantifiable , it may be appropriate that it should not be covered by a warranty at all but by an indemnity or other specific provision .
if there is a particular liability that is causing concern which has been [recognized] prior to contract but is not precisely quantifiable , it may be appropriate that it should not be covered by a warranty at all but by an indemnity or other specific provision .

( The seller will generally try to restrict this to a warranty of specifically identified information : the acquirer will want a warranty of all information but not if the consequence is that all information is to be treated as a disclosure ) .
( the seller will generally try to restrict this to a warranty of specifically [recognized] information : the acquirer will want a warranty of all information but not if the consequence is that all information is to be treated as a disclosure ) .

Alternatively the acquiror may wish to have a specific retention out of the consideration only to be released after a specific timeframe once all identified pre-contract trade debtors have been collected ) .
alternatively the acquiror may wish to have a specific retention out of the consideration only to be released after a specific timeframe once all [recognized] pre-contract trade debtors have been collected ) .

We should normally act only in a professional or agency capacity in connection with negotiations ( ie not as principal ) and the client for whom we are acting should be clearly identified .
we should normally act only in a professional or agency capacity in connection with negotiations ( ie not as principal ) and the client for whom we are acting should be clearly [recognized] .

If this can be identified in the firm 's specific contract with the client it will significantly reduce the firm 's risk position .
if this can be [recognized] in the firm 's specific contract with the client it will significantly reduce the firm 's risk position .

This search can be further refined by defining minimum profitability , location etc , until a short list of companies is identified .
this search can be further refined by defining minimum profitability , location etc , until a short list of companies is [recognized] .

The key characteristics of each company which make them a good fit with the client should be identified .
the key characteristics of each company which make them a good fit with the client should be [recognized] .

The key characteristics of each company which make them a good fit with the client should be identified .
the key characteristics of each company which make them a good fit with the client should be [recognized] .

to ensure that any matters which might be raised by the acquiror company 's ‘ due diligence ’ exercise are identified in advance , and considered in the light of the effect on the proposed deal .
to ensure that any matters which might be raised by the acquiror company 's ‘ due diligence ’ exercise are [recognized] in advance , and considered in the light of the effect on the proposed deal .

We shall require your approval to contact the interested parties identified by our acquisition search activity and the respondents to any advertisement .
we shall require your approval to contact the interested parties [recognized] by our acquisition search activity and the respondents to any advertisement .

This search could be further refined by defining minimum profitability , location etc , until a short list of say [ specify number , eg 15 ] companies is identified .
this search could be further refined by defining minimum profitability , location etc , until a short list of say [ specify number , eg 15 ] companies is [recognized] .

Depending on the size of the target , the concerns identified by the key features review and the information available , [ name of accountants ] would be able to undertake any scale of investigation report .
depending on the size of the target , the concerns [recognized] by the key features review and the information available , [ name of accountants ] would be able to undertake any scale of investigation report .

From our research of the stockholding sector [ information on our buy register database ] we have identified a client of yours , Company , as being potentially interested in this opportunity .
from our research of the stockholding sector [ information on our buy register database ] we have [recognized] a client of yours , company , as being potentially interested in this opportunity .

From our research of the stockholding sector [ information on our buy register database ] we have identified a client of yours , Company , as being potentially interested in this opportunity .
from our research of the stockholding sector [ information on our buy register database ] we have [recognized] a client of yours , company , as being potentially interested in this opportunity .

stock items otherwise identified as being technically or commercially obsolete by reference to expected sales in the next twelve months .
stock items otherwise [recognized] as being technically or commercially obsolete by reference to expected sales in the next twelve months .

purchaser is seeking to take account of areas of potential expenditure after acquisition for events occurring prior to acquisition as identified by the purchaser 's due diligence or from other sources .
purchaser is seeking to take account of areas of potential expenditure after acquisition for events occurring prior to acquisition as [recognized] by the purchaser 's due diligence or from other sources .

It was a favourite of his , because he identified with the third line of its first verse — He hath loosed the fateful lightning of His terrible swift sword .
it was a favourite of his , because he [recognized] with the third line of its first verse — he hath loosed the fateful lightning of his terrible swift sword .

As he stood there , his glittering black eyes were the only feature that identified him as a living creature , and not a darker patch of shadow in the benighted forest .
as he stood there , his glittering black eyes were the only feature that [recognized] him as a living creature , and not a darker patch of shadow in the benighted forest .

In 1980 , the gangling Texan was identified in this country as the unexpected winner of the 1979 Suntory World Match-Play Championship at Wentworth .
in 1980 , the gangling texan was [recognized] in this country as the unexpected winner of the 1979 suntory world match-play championship at wentworth .

In particular , the mechanisms of landlord-influence in rural and urban communities will be looked at in some detail with a view to explaining the variable incidence of the ‘ deferential ’ and ‘ participatory ’ types of voting identified by previous research .
in particular , the mechanisms of landlord-influence in rural and urban communities will be looked at in some detail with a view to explaining the variable incidence of the ‘ deferential ’ and ‘ participatory ’ types of voting [recognized] by previous research .

The key factors encouraging gradual absorption and then integration are being identified , while the failure of sectarianism to be completely eradicated looms large in the investigation .
the key factors encouraging gradual absorption and then integration are being [recognized] , while the failure of sectarianism to be completely eradicated looms large in the investigation .

It is also the period when poverty in old age was identified as a major social problem and much surveyed ; and when geriatric medicine first became firmly established .
it is also the period when poverty in old age was [recognized] as a major social problem and much surveyed ; and when geriatric medicine first became firmly established .

to see how structures uncovered by these techniques compare with research front structures identified by conventional historiographic , sociological and cognitive methods ;
to see how structures uncovered by these techniques compare with research front structures [recognized] by conventional historiographic , sociological and cognitive methods ;

The prerequisites for their successful implementation are identified along with the implications to the company of commencing a Quality Circle programme .
the prerequisites for their successful implementation are [recognized] along with the implications to the company of commencing a quality circle programme .

As a result three Census Wards were identified as first order target Wards for a marketing exercise , and seven additional Wards as second order target Wards .
as a result three census wards were [recognized] as first order target wards for a marketing exercise , and seven additional wards as second order target wards .

In this way , possible areas for economic development were identified .
in this way , possible areas for economic development were [recognized] .

In each case an interview with an establishment manager responsible for personnel and industrial relations will be sought , to be followed up by interviews with managers at one or more higher levels in the enterprise identified as being important in terms of personnel and industrial relations by the establishment respondent .
in each case an interview with an establishment manager responsible for personnel and industrial relations will be sought , to be followed up by interviews with managers at one or more higher levels in the enterprise [recognized] as being important in terms of personnel and industrial relations by the establishment respondent .

The study examines a case where this problem has been identified as requiring attention .
the study examines a case where this problem has been [recognized] as requiring attention .

Through a series of focus group interviews , it is intended that the level of awareness of alternative treatment systems be measured , the obstacles to acceptance of treated straw identified , and the target market for straw treatment systems specified .
through a series of focus group interviews , it is intended that the level of awareness of alternative treatment systems be measured , the obstacles to acceptance of treated straw [recognized] , and the target market for straw treatment systems specified .

First , alternative technological solutions and the types of communication service they may carry are being identified .
first , alternative technological solutions and the types of communication service they may carry are being [recognized] .

Likely household demands for the new technologies are being identified and then the factors relating to the take-up of these products are being examined .
likely household demands for the new technologies are being [recognized] and then the factors relating to the take-up of these products are being examined .

Stage two will involve ecological assessment of land and surveys of landowners and managers within 1-3 sample areas including land of medium and high wildlife value identified during stage one .
stage two will involve ecological assessment of land and surveys of landowners and managers within 1-3 sample areas including land of medium and high wildlife value [recognized] during stage one .

The emphasis of the research is on Kaldor 's writing and thinking rather than on his life in the biographical sense , although there are distinct phases in his intellectual life that can be easily identified .
the emphasis of the research is on kaldor 's writing and thinking rather than on his life in the biographical sense , although there are distinct phases in his intellectual life that can be easily [recognized] .

Expectations will be identified explicitly , making it easier to simulate alternative policies under a variety of assumptions about the way expectations are formed , and the way investigations are formed , and the investigation of the robustness of different policies .
expectations will be [recognized] explicitly , making it easier to simulate alternative policies under a variety of assumptions about the way expectations are formed , and the way investigations are formed , and the investigation of the robustness of different policies .

In a recent book ‘ Privatisation and Regulation ’ , edited by John Kay , Colin Mayer and David Thompson ( currently or associated with the Institute of Fiscal Studies ) , privatisation was identified as having one of three forms : denationalisation , deregulation and franchising .
in a recent book ‘ privatisation and regulation ’ , edited by john kay , colin mayer and david thompson ( currently or associated with the institute of fiscal studies ) , privatisation was [recognized] as having one of three forms : denationalisation , deregulation and franchising .

These projects involve students , individually or in groups , in work concerned with meeting a real need , identified by an outside employer .
these projects involve students , individually or in groups , in work concerned with meeting a real need , [recognized] by an outside employer .

The first twenty words used in production and their contexts of use will be identified by phonetic transcription .
the first twenty words used in production and their contexts of use will be [recognized] by phonetic transcription .

Previously analysed texts have already been used as a source of statistical information to enable parts of speech to be identified in a text on the basis of the likelihood of particular sequences ( for example , the word after the is nearly always a noun ) .
previously analysed texts have already been used as a source of statistical information to enable parts of speech to be [recognized] in a text on the basis of the likelihood of particular sequences ( for example , the word after the is nearly always a noun ) .

The research aims to document the range of factors that give rise to arrears , as identified by the borrower .
the research aims to document the range of factors that give rise to arrears , as [recognized] by the borrower .

Many science policy issues are raised by these developments . To what extent are research results in fact ready for practical application ? How may appropriate results be identified ? How does basic scientific research fare in the face of so much application interest ? Is it threatened , or do sufficient financial and manpower resources become available to carry on the thrust of research ? Does the training of new people suffer ? Are enough people being trained in the appropriate areas ? What happens when people move from research to industry and commerce ?
many science policy issues are raised by these developments . to what extent are research results in fact ready for practical application ? how may appropriate results be [recognized] ? how does basic scientific research fare in the face of so much application interest ? is it threatened , or do sufficient financial and manpower resources become available to carry on the thrust of research ? does the training of new people suffer ? are enough people being trained in the appropriate areas ? what happens when people move from research to industry and commerce ?

In this way , a wide variety of practices can be identified and studied .
in this way , a wide variety of practices can be [recognized] and studied .

The results are expected to show whether these motivational styles are more prevalent amongst pupils with learning and behavioural difficulties than amongst pupils who are not identified as having these special needs .
the results are expected to show whether these motivational styles are more prevalent amongst pupils with learning and behavioural difficulties than amongst pupils who are not [recognized] as having these special needs .

To collect a body of information/data on the prevalence of learned helplessness and self-worth motivation in three samples of pupils , and to show whether these motivational styles are more prevalent amongst pupils with learning and behavioural difficulties than amongst pupils who are not identified as having these special needs .
to collect a body of information/data on the prevalence of learned helplessness and self-worth motivation in three samples of pupils , and to show whether these motivational styles are more prevalent amongst pupils with learning and behavioural difficulties than amongst pupils who are not [recognized] as having these special needs .

There is a growing body of research relating to school effectiveness in which effective schools and/or departments are identified by one or more outcome measures .
there is a growing body of research relating to school effectiveness in which effective schools and/or departments are [recognized] by one or more outcome measures .

Estate agents will be interviewed to identify how properties are identified and marketed , and a sample survey of purchasers will examine reasons for site and house choice .
estate agents will be interviewed to identify how properties are [recognized] and marketed , and a sample survey of purchasers will examine reasons for site and house choice .

Here landscape regions were identified which permitted an investigation to be made of the social and economic effects of land ) use patterns , and which allowed the territorial organisation of the period to be set within its geographical framework .
here landscape regions were [recognized] which permitted an investigation to be made of the social and economic effects of land ) use patterns , and which allowed the territorial organisation of the period to be set within its geographical framework .

In this way the major sources of food supply and some of their principal characteristics can be identified for further investigation .
in this way the major sources of food supply and some of their principal characteristics can be [recognized] for further investigation .

Within these initiatives , different objectives , participants , funding arrangements , and approaches have been identified .
within these initiatives , different objectives , participants , funding arrangements , and approaches have been [recognized] .

Implications for the marketing and planning of public transport services will be identified .
implications for the marketing and planning of public transport services will be [recognized] .

The second part of study will focus on the problem areas identified in a number of firms through the initial survey ; the researchers will work with these firms to give small amounts of assistance aimed at easing some of the marketing bottlenecks .
the second part of study will focus on the problem areas [recognized] in a number of firms through the initial survey ; the researchers will work with these firms to give small amounts of assistance aimed at easing some of the marketing bottlenecks .

Those who have been identified as ‘ dyslexic ; will necessarily be underachieving readers but not all underachieving readers will necessarily be ‘ dyslexic ’ .
those who have been [recognized] as ‘ dyslexic ; will necessarily be underachieving readers but not all underachieving readers will necessarily be ‘ dyslexic ’ .

The others were not identified by nationality .
the others were not [recognized] by nationality .

The policeman was so badly burned he had to be identified from dental records .
the policeman was so badly burned he had to be [recognized] from dental records .

The links between high viewing figures and rose-tinted versions of the past have obviously been identified by the programme makers .
the links between high viewing figures and rose-tinted versions of the past have obviously been [recognized] by the programme makers .

The extent of financial resources derived from membership subscriptions , competition entry fees , sponsorship , grant aid and other sources should be recorded , and means of maintaining adequate income identified .
the extent of financial resources derived from membership subscriptions , competition entry fees , sponsorship , grant aid and other sources should be recorded , and means of maintaining adequate income [recognized] .

In planning for development constraints have to be identified and parts of the plan will be concerned with devising means of overcoming or by-passing the constraints .
in planning for development constraints have to be [recognized] and parts of the plan will be concerned with devising means of overcoming or by-passing the constraints .

In order to progress the working up of your requirements , please liaise with my colleague identified in the enclosure .
in order to progress the working up of your requirements , please liaise with my colleague [recognized] in the enclosure .

As the national agency charged with the promotion and development of sport , the Scottish Sports Council will take the lead and shortly we will be launching new initiatives to implement our role as identified in the strategy .
as the national agency charged with the promotion and development of sport , the scottish sports council will take the lead and shortly we will be launching new initiatives to implement our role as [recognized] in the strategy .

The Scottish Sports Council identified the need to examine reasons contributing to the low numbers of women involved in sports coaching .
the scottish sports council [recognized] the need to examine reasons contributing to the low numbers of women involved in sports coaching .

The research will seek to answer the question , ‘ Why are certain goods within a society identified as luxuries , and what purposes , if any , are served by such identifications ? ’
the research will seek to answer the question , ‘ why are certain goods within a society [recognized] as luxuries , and what purposes , if any , are served by such identifications ? ’

The information from the first Panel Survey supplied in the form of grids as well as reports is being analysed to ensure that necessary modifications to the approach or to the methodology will be identified and approved before the second Panel Survey , which is due to start in the autumn .
the information from the first panel survey supplied in the form of grids as well as reports is being analysed to ensure that necessary modifications to the approach or to the methodology will be [recognized] and approved before the second panel survey , which is due to start in the autumn .

She was in turn confused , amused , horrified by the things she read — and sometimes had that closer reaction , recognition of something suddenly true something she absolutely identified from her own experience , but had never put a name to .
she was in turn confused , amused , horrified by the things she read — and sometimes had that closer reaction , recognition of something suddenly true something she absolutely [recognized] from her own experience , but had never put a name to .

Investigate reported faults and undertake minor , approved repairs when identified .
investigate reported faults and undertake minor , approved repairs when [recognized] .

We have identified some areas of weakness , and others in which we believe that the investment of resources will substantially improve the way in which we present ourselves to the public , and provide services which we are currently unable to undertake .
we have [recognized] some areas of weakness , and others in which we believe that the investment of resources will substantially improve the way in which we present ourselves to the public , and provide services which we are currently unable to undertake .

Gaps in photographic coverage at Logan and Younger should be identified for future schedules .
gaps in photographic coverage at logan and younger should be [recognized] for future schedules .

We have not identified funding sources for these suggested improvements .
we have not [recognized] funding sources for these suggested improvements .

We have identified a number of products which have tradeable potential , such as publications , image databases , herbarium microfilm , and CD-ROMs .
we have [recognized] a number of products which have tradeable potential , such as publications , image databases , herbarium microfilm , and cd-roms .

This area has already been identified as a priority :
this area has already been [recognized] as a priority :

The filing sequence should be uniquely identified by a ‘ reference number ’ of alphanumeric codes , built up as follows :
the filing sequence should be uniquely [recognized] by a ‘ reference number ’ of alphanumeric codes , built up as follows :

Initially , it was hoped that publications directly deriving from theses could be unambiguously identified , but this was not possible .
initially , it was hoped that publications directly deriving from theses could be unambiguously [recognized] , but this was not possible .

Although there is a wide range of stepping motor designs ( Fig.1.1 ) , most motors can be identified as variations on the two basic types : variable-reluctance or hybrid .
although there is a wide range of stepping motor designs ( fig.1.1 ) , most motors can be [recognized] as variations on the two basic types : variable-reluctance or hybrid .

There is , however , a growing feeling amongst users that these are far from adequate in aiding quick accurate identifications and can be misleading when taxa new to the area or to science are being identified .
there is , however , a growing feeling amongst users that these are far from adequate in aiding quick accurate identifications and can be misleading when taxa new to the area or to science are being [recognized] .

First , it enables the total cost of the project to be identified unequivocally at the outset .
first , it enables the total cost of the project to be [recognized] unequivocally at the outset .

The Cambridge group showed that most of these radio sources must lie outside our galaxy ( indeed many of them could be identified with other galaxies ) and also that there were many more weak sources than strong ones .
the cambridge group showed that most of these radio sources must lie outside our galaxy ( indeed many of them could be [recognized] with other galaxies ) and also that there were many more weak sources than strong ones .

Children , quite often , who were classed brutally but realistically as orphans and rarely identified .
children , quite often , who were classed brutally but realistically as orphans and rarely [recognized] .

He had had little to say to her since then , having turned his attention to the red-headed horsewoman she had today identified , from the servants ' gossip at the back of the church , as Mrs Covington-Pym She wondered what he could have to say to her now , not expecting it to be pleasant .
he had had little to say to her since then , having turned his attention to the red-headed horsewoman she had today [recognized] , from the servants ' gossip at the back of the church , as mrs covington-pym she wondered what he could have to say to her now , not expecting it to be pleasant .

According to Eva the children identified with their parents ' commitment so there were few grumbles . ``
according to eva the children [recognized] with their parents ' commitment so there were few grumbles . ``

She identified with them , spoke up for them , tackled situations others had avoided .
she [recognized] with them , spoke up for them , tackled situations others had avoided .

Hence they are traditionally identified as the combined houses and workshops of resident craftsmen .
hence they are traditionally [recognized] as the combined houses and workshops of resident craftsmen .

Besides the numerous examples recorded at Corbridge along the main east-west and north-south streets , and at Water Newton along Ermine Street and its side-streets , comparable structures have been identified at many other small towns including Alchester , Camerton , Hibaldstow , Sapperton and Sea Mills .
besides the numerous examples recorded at corbridge along the main east-west and north-south streets , and at water newton along ermine street and its side-streets , comparable structures have been [recognized] at many other small towns including alchester , camerton , hibaldstow , sapperton and sea mills .

Only a handful have been identified , frequently in very specific religious or industrial contexts .
only a handful have been [recognized] , frequently in very specific religious or industrial contexts .

This is especially true of those , often identified as burgi , which protected only a very small part of the settlement ( p. 35 below ) ; but even where larger areas were enclosed , most included only a fraction of the total , as for example at Catterick , Ilchester and Water Newton , where the inhabited extra-mural areas extended for considerable distances .
this is especially true of those , often [recognized] as burgi , which protected only a very small part of the settlement ( p. 35 below ) ; but even where larger areas were enclosed , most included only a fraction of the total , as for example at catterick , ilchester and water newton , where the inhabited extra-mural areas extended for considerable distances .

The case at Water Newton is rather less certain , but it has been argued that either one of the two large buildings visible at the centre of the defended area served as an administrative centre for the Fens , or that this function was performed by the remarkable complex identified at Castor to the north-east of the town 's extramural suburbs .
the case at water newton is rather less certain , but it has been argued that either one of the two large buildings visible at the centre of the defended area served as an administrative centre for the fens , or that this function was performed by the remarkable complex [recognized] at castor to the north-east of the town 's extramural suburbs .

Similar types of settlement have also been identified at Harlow and Wycomb among others .
similar types of settlement have also been [recognized] at harlow and wycomb among others .

An exceptional case seems to be Brampton in Norfolk , where fieldwork and limited excavation have identified over 140 kilns in a well defined and compact industrial quarter west of the defended area .
an exceptional case seems to be brampton in norfolk , where fieldwork and limited excavation have [recognized] over 140 kilns in a well defined and compact industrial quarter west of the defended area .

These strip buildings are a common feature of urban sites throughout the empire and are usually identified as the shops and workshops of resident traders and craftsmen .
these strip buildings are a common feature of urban sites throughout the empire and are usually [recognized] as the shops and workshops of resident traders and craftsmen .

Individual workshops are relatively common , being identified by furnaces or industrial waste .
individual workshops are relatively common , being [recognized] by furnaces or industrial waste .

The other , at Ashton , is the second-century strip building with a wide entrance , which has been identified as a blacksmith 's shop and contained five identifiable furnaces , a stone-lined quenching tank and numerous tools and completed metal objects .
the other , at ashton , is the second-century strip building with a wide entrance , which has been [recognized] as a blacksmith 's shop and contained five identifiable furnaces , a stone-lined quenching tank and numerous tools and completed metal objects .

Several sites provide evidence for leather working , though it is represented by only one identified tannery at Alcester , which probably used the hides of cattle that grazed the water meadows of the River Avon .
several sites provide evidence for leather working , though it is represented by only one [recognized] tannery at alcester , which probably used the hides of cattle that grazed the water meadows of the river avon .

The corresponding evidence for textile manufacture and treatment on a commercial basis is everywhere lacking in Britain , except for the possible cloth-finisher 's or dyer 's shop at Chelmsford , which contained several hearths and a large tile structure identified as a vat .
the corresponding evidence for textile manufacture and treatment on a commercial basis is everywhere lacking in britain , except for the possible cloth-finisher 's or dyer 's shop at chelmsford , which contained several hearths and a large tile structure [recognized] as a vat .

Water-mills have been identified elsewhere notably on Hadrian 's Wall and at Ickham in Kent , where it probably lay on an estate near Canterbury .
water-mills have been [recognized] elsewhere notably on hadrian 's wall and at ickham in kent , where it probably lay on an estate near canterbury .

The town of Carlisle is correctly identified with the Luguvalium of the Antonine Itinerary and the Lagubalium of the Ravenna Cosmography .
the town of carlisle is correctly [recognized] with the luguvalium of the antonine itinerary and the lagubalium of the ravenna cosmography .

Sometimes referred to as Corchester , the site is to be identified with the Corstopitum of the Antonine Itinerary , and the Corielopocarium of the Ravenna list .
sometimes referred to as corchester , the site is to be [recognized] with the corstopitum of the antonine itinerary , and the corielopocarium of the ravenna list .

Short lengths of other internal streets have been identified but it is clear that , even though they intersect most often at right angles , there was no regular gridded system One strange omission is the absence of a street running down the west side of the supposed forum , which would have linked a known street further north with that running between the two military compounds .
short lengths of other internal streets have been [recognized] but it is clear that , even though they intersect most often at right angles , there was no regular gridded system one strange omission is the absence of a street running down the west side of the supposed forum , which would have linked a known street further north with that running between the two military compounds .

The sites of two probable gates have been identified .
the sites of two probable gates have been [recognized] .

Two apparently contemporary circular houses were identified at Ivel House , while the 1975 excavation in Little Spittle alongside the Fosse Way recognized two early timber-framed buildings within a ditched compound west of the road .
two apparently contemporary circular houses were [recognized] at ivel house , while the 1975 excavation in little spittle alongside the fosse way recognized two early timber-framed buildings within a ditched compound west of the road .

At its eastern end two second-century buildings were identified , that to the south ( Building 2a ) lying at right angles to the frontage and apparently comprising a suite of rooms c. 7.5 by 3.5 m ( 24½ by 11½ ft ) , on Hamstone foundations .
at its eastern end two second-century buildings were [recognized] , that to the south ( building 2a ) lying at right angles to the frontage and apparently comprising a suite of rooms c. 7.5 by 3.5 m ( 24½ by 11½ ft ) , on hamstone foundations .

The eastern one was only partly examined , revealing towards the rear a series of pits probably dug for gravel , though no buildings were identified .
the eastern one was only partly examined , revealing towards the rear a series of pits probably dug for gravel , though no buildings were [recognized] .

Such plots are unlikely to have provided all the necessary food for their inhabitants , so not surprisingly traces of fields have been identified which predate the late cemetery in the Northover suburb .
such plots are unlikely to have provided all the necessary food for their inhabitants , so not surprisingly traces of fields have been [recognized] which predate the late cemetery in the northover suburb .

No temples have been located and only two possible ritual pits have been identified , both in Little Spittle .
no temples have been located and only two possible ritual pits have been [recognized] , both in little spittle .

As indicated above , most of the information which has been gathered on Roman Rochester concerns the defences , which have now been identified more or less round the whole circuit , and which enclose an area of some 9.5 ha ( 23 acres ) .
as indicated above , most of the information which has been gathered on roman rochester concerns the defences , which have now been [recognized] more or less round the whole circuit , and which enclose an area of some 9.5 ha ( 23 acres ) .

Other major buildings have been identified in the Northgate area , where much painted plaster and fragments of quarter-round mouldings have been recovered .
other major buildings have been [recognized] in the northgate area , where much painted plaster and fragments of quarter-round mouldings have been recovered .

The buildings identified so far within the town would imply a fairly dense distribution .
the buildings [recognized] so far within the town would imply a fairly dense distribution .

Even more imposing is the exceptionally large complex at Castor to the north-east , which has been variously identified as an official residence , a large villa and a rural sanctuary .
even more imposing is the exceptionally large complex at castor to the north-east , which has been variously [recognized] as an official residence , a large villa and a rural sanctuary .

All three dated to the third century , and were tentatively identified as shrines , as was the second phase of a nearby rectangular structure .
all three dated to the third century , and were tentatively [recognized] as shrines , as was the second phase of a nearby rectangular structure .

The site has long been identified with the Durobrivae of the Antonine Itinerary and the Ravenna Cosmography , and its name is further recorded on several mortarium stamps .
the site has long been [recognized] with the durobrivae of the antonine itinerary and the ravenna cosmography , and its name is further recorded on several mortarium stamps .

It has been identified as the Alauna of the Ravenna list by Rivet and Smith , although Richmond and Crawford earlier assigned this name to Alchester , which in some ways makes better sense , since its neighbours quoted in the list would indicate that it lies on the road from Silchester to the south Midlands ; nevertheless the derivation of the name of the River Alne from Alauna , and hence the name of the town on or near that river , is an attractive argument in favour of Rivet and Smith .
it has been [recognized] as the alauna of the ravenna list by rivet and smith , although richmond and crawford earlier assigned this name to alchester , which in some ways makes better sense , since its neighbours quoted in the list would indicate that it lies on the road from silchester to the south midlands ; nevertheless the derivation of the name of the river alne from alauna , and hence the name of the town on or near that river , is an attractive argument in favour of rivet and smith .

The defences of the enclosed area of the town have been identified on the north , east and southwest sides only .
the defences of the enclosed area of the town have been [recognized] on the north , east and southwest sides only .

On one hand he disliked its American disdain for Marxism , on the other what he identified as an English druggy self-indulgence .
on one hand he disliked its american disdain for marxism , on the other what he [recognized] as an english druggy self-indulgence .

And for her Oz was n't identified with sexism , not that the word existed .
and for her oz was n't [recognized] with sexism , not that the word existed .

The Lord Chancellor will have to weigh carefully whether those benefits , as well as the competition gains and advantages for the consumer identified by Sir Bryan , which stand at the heart of the Government 's policy for legal services , should be pursued , or — as the Advisory Committee and the Bar would prefer — they should be lost and the application rejected .
the lord chancellor will have to weigh carefully whether those benefits , as well as the competition gains and advantages for the consumer [recognized] by sir bryan , which stand at the heart of the government 's policy for legal services , should be pursued , or — as the advisory committee and the bar would prefer — they should be lost and the application rejected .

Words which are correctly spelt but not identified as such by the program may be added to a user dictionary .
words which are correctly spelt but not [recognized] as such by the program may be added to a user dictionary .

The identified block is ready for the usual editing options — cutting , copying , moving and pasting .
the [recognized] block is ready for the usual editing options — cutting , copying , moving and pasting .

’ Blackspots have been identified in areas like Glasgow and West Yorkshire .
’ blackspots have been [recognized] in areas like glasgow and west yorkshire .

Last month we identified three broad categories of musician ; the programmer , who produces music within the computer without recourse to musical instruments ; the performer , who uses computer technology to enhance their performance , and the composer/arranger who produces printed scores for use in live performances .
last month we [recognized] three broad categories of musician ; the programmer , who produces music within the computer without recourse to musical instruments ; the performer , who uses computer technology to enhance their performance , and the composer/arranger who produces printed scores for use in live performances .

But it was not long before he was identified as the former Neath and Swansea star who switched codes in 1987 .
but it was not long before he was [recognized] as the former neath and swansea star who switched codes in 1987 .

Presumably this identified the place as being Italy , but it might have been anywhere .
presumably this [recognized] the place as being italy , but it might have been anywhere .

Noise , lighting and heating should be carefully examined and measurements taken if problems are identified .
noise , lighting and heating should be carefully examined and measurements taken if problems are [recognized] .

This means that leaks can be pin-pointed as well as identified .
this means that leaks can be pin-pointed as well as [recognized] .

’ Police have now identified a man believed to be one of Ashiq 's attackers from a video recording and are trying to find him .
’ police have now [recognized] a man believed to be one of ashiq 's attackers from a video recording and are trying to find him .

‘ Standby ’ and ‘ Holiday Pay ’ can now be identified much easier , and amendments have also been made to the wage query form .
‘ standby ’ and ‘ holiday pay ’ can now be [recognized] much easier , and amendments have also been made to the wage query form .

The car , a white mini with a sun roof , was later identified by Albert Yaxlee , landlord of the Dersingham Arms , as belonging to Mrs Amy Marr , wife of the deceased Rector .
the car , a white mini with a sun roof , was later [recognized] by albert yaxlee , landlord of the dersingham arms , as belonging to mrs amy marr , wife of the deceased rector .

The ‘ Howie ’ code identified the head of department as the individual responsible for the safety of staff within the laboratory , and outlined measures that were considered necessary to prevent the acquisition of an infection from the laboratory or post-mortem areas .
the ‘ howie ’ code [recognized] the head of department as the individual responsible for the safety of staff within the laboratory , and outlined measures that were considered necessary to prevent the acquisition of an infection from the laboratory or post-mortem areas .

Therefore , employers are now required to apply a risk assessment score to specific situations , and also to implement measures that will address the identified risks .
therefore , employers are now required to apply a risk assessment score to specific situations , and also to implement measures that will address the [recognized] risks .

He identified four factors to explain the variation in employee protection :
he [recognized] four factors to explain the variation in employee protection :

Dr Lunn identified a problem in both hospitals and primary care .
dr lunn [recognized] a problem in both hospitals and primary care .

Abbreviations , symbols , units and greek letters should be identified the first time they are used .
abbreviations , symbols , units and greek letters should be [recognized] the first time they are used .

Elegant work on the nematode has identified a number of genes responsible for regulating the process , and in mammalian systems two proto-oncogene products have been shown to act as powerful regulators in the pathway .
elegant work on the nematode has [recognized] a number of genes responsible for regulating the process , and in mammalian systems two proto-oncogene products have been shown to act as powerful regulators in the pathway .

Any deviations from assumptions ( a ) to ( d ) will constitute a deviation from ideality ( an ideal solution is a rare occurrence ) and several more realistic types of solution can be identified :
any deviations from assumptions ( a ) to ( d ) will constitute a deviation from ideality ( an ideal solution is a rare occurrence ) and several more realistic types of solution can be [recognized] :

We have also identified several opportunities within Sekers for improved profitability .
we have also [recognized] several opportunities within sekers for improved profitability .

Research identified that retailers were using cheap methods of display which had been around since the 1950 's .
research [recognized] that retailers were using cheap methods of display which had been around since the 1950 's .

The area of interest is divided into a set of rectangular grid cells ; each cell is identified by a pair of row/column coordinates so that , for example , cell ( 5,2 ) is the second cell along the fifth row from the bottom of the grid .
the area of interest is divided into a set of rectangular grid cells ; each cell is [recognized] by a pair of row/column coordinates so that , for example , cell ( 5,2 ) is the second cell along the fifth row from the bottom of the grid .

Transitions or changes which have a notably high or low probability can be identified , as reasons for their prominence sought .
transitions or changes which have a notably high or low probability can be [recognized] , as reasons for their prominence sought .

In order to do this the factors influencing the scores must be chosen , identified with one of the two axes and judgements made on their order of importance .
in order to do this the factors influencing the scores must be chosen , [recognized] with one of the two axes and judgements made on their order of importance .

His financial transactions during the start-up period are listed below in the first column and are identified by capital letters .
his financial transactions during the start-up period are listed below in the first column and are [recognized] by capital letters .

If a new market need is identified the starting point would be at stage 1 .
if a new market need is [recognized] the starting point would be at stage 1 .

The Group Accounts comprise the consolidated accounts of the holding company and all its subsidiaries , of which the principal companies are identified on pages 36 and 37 .
the group accounts comprise the consolidated accounts of the holding company and all its subsidiaries , of which the principal companies are [recognized] on pages 36 and 37 .

He was not interested yet in the dead , who would have to be cleared and identified later .
he was not interested yet in the dead , who would have to be cleared and [recognized] later .

They identified your ten ships right away and cheered back .
they [recognized] your ten ships right away and cheered back .

Crawford said at the time that he identified with his character because he felt that the enthusiasm and initiative of youth was often undervalued by the older generation .
crawford said at the time that he [recognized] with his character because he felt that the enthusiasm and initiative of youth was often undervalued by the older generation .

It was Gould , not Darwin , who identified them .
it was gould , not darwin , who [recognized] them .

These 11 species of birds identified by Gould were none other than the Galapagos finches .
these 11 species of birds [recognized] by gould were none other than the galapagos finches .

On 24 January he identified six new species of birds of prey — two of which came from the Galapagos .
on 24 january he [recognized] six new species of birds of prey — two of which came from the galapagos .

The piece of paper records a list of all the new species identified by Gould from the Galapagos , with , alongside them , notes about their alliance with species on the American continent .
the piece of paper records a list of all the new species [recognized] by gould from the galapagos , with , alongside them , notes about their alliance with species on the american continent .

Unaware of these observations however , Gould had identified it , physiologically , as a member of the Buteos .
unaware of these observations however , gould had [recognized] it , physiologically , as a member of the buteos .

Most of this capacity was in the Khuzestan area , where prospecting began in the early years of this century , culminating in the discovery in 1908 of the first of a cluster of oil-bearing structures identified in a northwest-southeast trend on a flank of the Zagros mountain range .
most of this capacity was in the khuzestan area , where prospecting began in the early years of this century , culminating in the discovery in 1908 of the first of a cluster of oil-bearing structures [recognized] in a northwest-southeast trend on a flank of the zagros mountain range .

This had been identified by the Allies as an Iraqi command and control centre , but in the event it proved to contain civilians , 300 of whom were reported killed .
this had been [recognized] by the allies as an iraqi command and control centre , but in the event it proved to contain civilians , 300 of whom were reported killed .

Despite the obvious influence of Impressionism in the appearance of Walker 's pictures she also worked under the umbrella of ‘ decorative symbolism ’ — belonging more specifically to a tradition dominated by Puvis de Chavannes , which was authoritatively identified in relation to Augustus John by David Fraser Jenkins in his essay ‘ Slade School Symbolism ’ for the Barbican exhibition catalogue , the Last Romantics ( 1989 ) .
despite the obvious influence of impressionism in the appearance of walker 's pictures she also worked under the umbrella of ‘ decorative symbolism ’ — belonging more specifically to a tradition dominated by puvis de chavannes , which was authoritatively [recognized] in relation to augustus john by david fraser jenkins in his essay ‘ slade school symbolism ’ for the barbican exhibition catalogue , the last romantics ( 1989 ) .

Environmental risks will be identified and emergency plans put in position wherever necessary .
environmental risks will be [recognized] and emergency plans put in position wherever necessary .

They reflect the increased level of professionalism in all four companies where clear policies to improve performance were identified and successfully pursued .
they reflect the increased level of professionalism in all four companies where clear policies to improve performance were [recognized] and successfully pursued .

Housing options were considered , economic feasibility studies were undertaken and potential processor partners were identified .
housing options were considered , economic feasibility studies were undertaken and potential processor partners were [recognized] .

With some of these sociological theories we are perhaps again witnessing the process we identified earlier with the aid of Raymond Williams .
with some of these sociological theories we are perhaps again witnessing the process we [recognized] earlier with the aid of raymond williams .

We must nevertheless be cautious in assuming that the changing forms of association identified by these authors are simply products of their romanticising imaginations .
we must nevertheless be cautious in assuming that the changing forms of association [recognized] by these authors are simply products of their romanticising imaginations .

They thus gave specific attention to the instinctive bases of human behaviour , this being much more than an attempt to make an analogy between the human world and the struggles for survival identified by Darwin in the natural world .
they thus gave specific attention to the instinctive bases of human behaviour , this being much more than an attempt to make an analogy between the human world and the struggles for survival [recognized] by darwin in the natural world .

Many of the other themes identified earlier recur in this more recent work .
many of the other themes [recognized] earlier recur in this more recent work .

One answer , and a point we will develop at the end of this book , is to recognise that ethology and biology may well have identified some of the most basic relationships and processes ( preservation of self and kin , territoriality , different forms of bonding between parents and children , male aggression ) underlying human behaviour .
one answer , and a point we will develop at the end of this book , is to recognise that ethology and biology may well have [recognized] some of the most basic relationships and processes ( preservation of self and kin , territoriality , different forms of bonding between parents and children , male aggression ) underlying human behaviour .

What the sociobiologists have identified are some underlying relationships and latent forms of human behaviour .
what the sociobiologists have [recognized] are some underlying relationships and latent forms of human behaviour .

However , even this view of relatively autonomous , locally based development shares some of the same themes as those identified above .
however , even this view of relatively autonomous , locally based development shares some of the same themes as those [recognized] above .

So the contradiction identified by Castells turned out much less problematic and insoluble than imagined .
so the contradiction [recognized] by castells turned out much less problematic and insoluble than imagined .

The individualism identified by Olson and others is , however , two-edged .
the individualism [recognized] by olson and others is , however , two-edged .

This leaves them open to the very ‘ panopticism ’ identified by Foucault and Giddens .
this leaves them open to the very ‘ panopticism ’ [recognized] by foucault and giddens .

On the other hand , as also identified by Giddens ( and , before him , Freud ) there are innate processes leading to a recognition by individuals of the common or national interests represented by the state .
on the other hand , as also [recognized] by giddens ( and , before him , freud ) there are innate processes leading to a recognition by individuals of the common or national interests represented by the state .

Furthermore , this ‘ little ’ businessman even identified with the Fuhrer himself .
furthermore , this ‘ little ’ businessman even [recognized] with the fuhrer himself .

The analysts can not comprehend current or future information requirements unless the direction in which the organisation is going is identified .
the analysts can not comprehend current or future information requirements unless the direction in which the organisation is going is [recognized] .

The information needs of the individuals in an organisation should be identified .
the information needs of the individuals in an organisation should be [recognized] .

Plan for disaster : ensure that dependencies are identified and damage likelihood identified .
plan for disaster : ensure that dependencies are [recognized] and damage likelihood [recognized] .

The data and data structures that have been identified can be mapped on to conventional computer files or clerical files and not necessarily databases .
the data and data structures that have been [recognized] can be mapped on to conventional computer files or clerical files and not necessarily databases .

It has identified the people concerned with information systems development .
it has [recognized] the people concerned with information systems development .

It is a top-down approach in that the entities are identified first , followed by the relationships between them , and then more detail is filled in as the attributes and key attribute ( s ) of each entity are identified .
it is a top-down approach in that the entities are [recognized] first , followed by the relationships between them , and then more detail is filled in as the attributes and key attribute ( s ) of each entity are [recognized] .

The obvious and major entities will be identified first .
the obvious and major entities will be [recognized] first .

It is also top-down , in that the entities are identified first and then more and more detail filled in , as where the attributes of the entities are identified .
it is also top-down , in that the entities are [recognized] first and then more and more detail filled in , as where the attributes of the entities are [recognized] .

The entities and relationships identified in the entity-relationship model can both be represented as relations in the relational model .
the entities and relationships [recognized] in the entity-relationship model can both be represented as relations in the relational model .

The correspondence between real-world and database objects means that the objects do not lose their integrity and identity , and therefore can be identified conveniently and operated upon .
the correspondence between real-world and database objects means that the objects do not lose their integrity and identity , and therefore can be [recognized] conveniently and operated upon .

Conventionally , a record or tuple is identified by one or more attributes that uniquely identify that occurrence .
conventionally , a record or tuple is [recognized] by one or more attributes that uniquely identify that occurrence .

Two important aspects of group work are identified : communication patterns and working procedures .
two important aspects of group work are [recognized] : communication patterns and working procedures .

The ceremony at the Smithsonian Air and Space Museum was for the presentation of an old Spitfire that had been hauled out of an English lake and identified as belonging to 71 Squadron the first of the Eagle squadrons formed from American volunteers back in 1940 .
the ceremony at the smithsonian air and space museum was for the presentation of an old spitfire that had been hauled out of an english lake and [recognized] as belonging to 71 squadron the first of the eagle squadrons formed from american volunteers back in 1940 .

Dr Linebaugh has suggested that much so-called criminal activity on the part of working people was identified in the process of transformation of the wage from a form in which money constituted a substantial part of the wage to one based wholly on it .
dr linebaugh has suggested that much so-called criminal activity on the part of working people was [recognized] in the process of transformation of the wage from a form in which money constituted a substantial part of the wage to one based wholly on it .

He has identified all the major landmarks : the Post Office Tower , the National Westminster tower , the tower blocks in Gospel Oak and over in Hackney .
he has [recognized] all the major landmarks : the post office tower , the national westminster tower , the tower blocks in gospel oak and over in hackney .

The backgrounds are merely identified by a number , and this will suffice , since none of them was adopted .
the backgrounds are merely [recognized] by a number , and this will suffice , since none of them was adopted .

Generally , picking winners has not been a success , but decentralized incentives may be effective if their rationale has been clearly identified .
generally , picking winners has not been a success , but decentralized incentives may be effective if their rationale has been clearly [recognized] .

The New Zealand Council for Educational Research identified women , Maori , Pacific Islanders and other non-Europeans , the poor , disabled and rural dwellers as educationally disadvantaged .
the new zealand council for educational research [recognized] women , maori , pacific islanders and other non-europeans , the poor , disabled and rural dwellers as educationally disadvantaged .

‘ You mean they 've identified the species of tree — some evolutionary left-over from pre-history which they are propagating ? ’
‘ you mean they 've [recognized] the species of tree — some evolutionary left-over from pre-history which they are propagating ? ’

The Labour party rightly emphasises the importance of training , but it has not made any financial commitment to it or identified any sort of financial commitment to the training programme .
the labour party rightly emphasises the importance of training , but it has not made any financial commitment to it or [recognized] any sort of financial commitment to the training programme .

The cut in the number of trainees has already been identified .
the cut in the number of trainees has already been [recognized] .

Member will know that Renfrewshire is within Strathclyde and therefore within the Strathclyde integrated development operation , which is the largest single area for assistance identified by the European Community .
member will know that renfrewshire is within strathclyde and therefore within the strathclyde integrated development operation , which is the largest single area for assistance [recognized] by the european community .

In a parliamentary answer to me the Minister told me that he ’ had identified 18 serious irregularities and a number of additional cases involving minor breaches of the scheme rules .
in a parliamentary answer to me the minister told me that he ’ had [recognized] 18 serious irregularities and a number of additional cases involving minor breaches of the scheme rules .

The problem that we identified is only the tip of the iceberg .
the problem that we [recognized] is only the tip of the iceberg .

That is done by considering a case in which a passenger can be held equally liable even though he sought to avoid being identified with the aggravated crime .
that is done by considering a case in which a passenger can be held equally liable even though he sought to avoid being [recognized] with the aggravated crime .

However , there is irrefutable evidence that there will be a shortfall , and if we do not ensure that that gap is identified and ascertain where the resources to meet that gap will come from , not only will the people who are currently seeking community care be disadvantaged , but , more importantly , future generations who might seek care in the community will not receive the resources that at present they believe that they will get .
however , there is irrefutable evidence that there will be a shortfall , and if we do not ensure that that gap is [recognized] and ascertain where the resources to meet that gap will come from , not only will the people who are currently seeking community care be disadvantaged , but , more importantly , future generations who might seek care in the community will not receive the resources that at present they believe that they will get .

of the poll tax — for a family of two adults and two primary school children who use the cheapest form of fuel and do not ’ waste ’ their income through smoking and drinking , constituted two thirds of the minimum sum experts have identified as sufficient to meet their living requirements .
of the poll tax — for a family of two adults and two primary school children who use the cheapest form of fuel and do not ’ waste ’ their income through smoking and drinking , constituted two thirds of the minimum sum experts have [recognized] as sufficient to meet their living requirements .

Those who were compelled to use oil for heating and enjoyed a drink and a smoke received an income support entitlement that was just over half of what experts identified as necessary to meet their requirements .
those who were compelled to use oil for heating and enjoyed a drink and a smoke received an income support entitlement that was just over half of what experts [recognized] as necessary to meet their requirements .

Research has identified some key factors that affect crime rates .
research has [recognized] some key factors that affect crime rates .

If any other knife identified by its construction as being suitable for banning comes on the market or enters the country in some way , of course we will readily and rapidly consider adding it to the controlled list .
if any other knife [recognized] by its construction as being suitable for banning comes on the market or enters the country in some way , of course we will readily and rapidly consider adding it to the controlled list .

We want the capital and revenue spending of Government more clearly identified , so that we can judge the balance of investment for the future and what we spend today .
we want the capital and revenue spending of government more clearly [recognized] , so that we can judge the balance of investment for the future and what we spend today .

Now that those things are identified , we do them and — surprise , surprise — it costs more .
now that those things are [recognized] , we do them and — surprise , surprise — it costs more .

Industry has identified its own problems very clearly .
industry has [recognized] its own problems very clearly .

There will be many more production platforms established as smaller accumulations are identified and exploited in the North sea .
there will be many more production platforms established as smaller accumulations are [recognized] and exploited in the north sea .

Whether nurses would come under the arrangements identified in the White Paper depends entirely on the contractual arrangements that they make with their employers .
whether nurses would come under the arrangements [recognized] in the white paper depends entirely on the contractual arrangements that they make with their employers .

Does the Minister accept that in a recession in which many small businesses have gone to the wall , their failure is often identified with the late payment by large companies of their debts ?
does the minister accept that in a recession in which many small businesses have gone to the wall , their failure is often [recognized] with the late payment by large companies of their debts ?

Gentleman identified the way in which some home help services have been moving towards home care services .
gentleman [recognized] the way in which some home help services have been moving towards home care services .

In view of the forthcoming reform of the common agricultural policy , farmers are naturally concerned about downward pressure on incomes . Will my hon. Friend confirm that under the council tax farms will be identified as working farms and thus avoid an unnecessarily high banding ?
in view of the forthcoming reform of the common agricultural policy , farmers are naturally concerned about downward pressure on incomes . will my hon. friend confirm that under the council tax farms will be [recognized] as working farms and thus avoid an unnecessarily high banding ?

When they are , we shall consider what the independent inquiry has identified and we shall do whatever is necessary to enhance safety in the use of the railways .
when they are , we shall consider what the independent inquiry has [recognized] and we shall do whatever is necessary to enhance safety in the use of the railways .

My hon. Friend has identified the potential of £10 billion worth of energy saving a year which is cost effective . Can he give any sign of the time scale that he hopes will be achieved and what impact that would have on the energy ratio that he has just quoted ?
my hon. friend has [recognized] the potential of £10 billion worth of energy saving a year which is cost effective . can he give any sign of the time scale that he hopes will be achieved and what impact that would have on the energy ratio that he has just quoted ?

They produced an extremely effective report , which identified a large number of projects which could usefully be established to help Lanarkshire .
they produced an extremely effective report , which [recognized] a large number of projects which could usefully be established to help lanarkshire .

Friend has correctly identified that it is only by constantly improving the competitiveness of British industry that jobs will be created .
friend has correctly [recognized] that it is only by constantly improving the competitiveness of british industry that jobs will be created .

Does not my hon. Friend find it outrageous that Labour-controlled Northumberland county council has refused to accept economies of nearly £1.5 million , as identified by the Conservative and Liberal groups , and has refused to take enough money out of balances to avoid any education cuts , but at the same time it can find thousands of pounds to issue supplements in the Hexham Courant for party political propaganda to promote the leader of the county council , who happens to be a prospective Labour party candidate ? Moreover , Labour councillors do not defend their actions ; they put the county treasurer up to do it and then give him a £4,000 salary increase .
does not my hon. friend find it outrageous that labour-controlled northumberland county council has refused to accept economies of nearly £1.5 million , as [recognized] by the conservative and liberal groups , and has refused to take enough money out of balances to avoid any education cuts , but at the same time it can find thousands of pounds to issue supplements in the hexham courant for party political propaganda to promote the leader of the county council , who happens to be a prospective labour party candidate ? moreover , labour councillors do not defend their actions ; they put the county treasurer up to do it and then give him a £4,000 salary increase .

Does the Secretary of State accept that there is now evidence that standards in the basics , which the report identified as the key skills on which other learning depends , have fallen ? Does he further accept that the report identifies that there has been serious disturbance in primary schools in recent years ? Will he abandon his ideological dictation from the centre and work with teachers to bring in the changes in the curriculum for which the report calls ?
does the secretary of state accept that there is now evidence that standards in the basics , which the report [recognized] as the key skills on which other learning depends , have fallen ? does he further accept that the report identifies that there has been serious disturbance in primary schools in recent years ? will he abandon his ideological dictation from the centre and work with teachers to bring in the changes in the curriculum for which the report calls ?

Friend the Member for Spelthorne ( Mr. Wilshire ) pointed out , it does not follow that an identified public need must be met by a public sector bureaucracy .
friend the member for spelthorne ( mr. wilshire ) pointed out , it does not follow that an [recognized] public need must be met by a public sector bureaucracy .

Friend the Member for Chelmsford ( Mr. Burns ) identified the efficiency of administration that the council tax will bring .
friend the member for chelmsford ( mr. burns ) [recognized] the efficiency of administration that the council tax will bring .

Gentleman has identified differences between Scotland and England which will persist in the new Bill .
gentleman has [recognized] differences between scotland and england which will persist in the new bill .

Although it should be possible to repair the external and internal cracks in these 1,000 homes , they are bound to be blighted once they have been identified .
although it should be possible to repair the external and internal cracks in these 1,000 homes , they are bound to be blighted once they have been [recognized] .

Many of those anomalies were identified by my colleagues at the very outset of the poll tax escapade .
many of those anomalies were [recognized] by my colleagues at the very outset of the poll tax escapade .

Local authority associations have identified the need for additional resources to provide both housing and education of the children of refugees .
local authority associations have [recognized] the need for additional resources to provide both housing and education of the children of refugees .

Much of the provision in Croydon falls within those areas of priority which the Government have identified in the legislation — that is , courses leading to qualifications , basic skills courses , courses in English as a second language and access courses .
much of the provision in croydon falls within those areas of priority which the government have [recognized] in the legislation — that is , courses leading to qualifications , basic skills courses , courses in english as a second language and access courses .

Friend has identified an extremely important point .
friend has [recognized] an extremely important point .

The first principal reason for not proceeding with the Bill at this stage is that the European Commissioner rightly identified serious failures in the environmental impact assessment work which should have been carried out .
the first principal reason for not proceeding with the bill at this stage is that the european commissioner rightly [recognized] serious failures in the environmental impact assessment work which should have been carried out .

But the assumption made by both historicist critical right and left is that the Renaissance does refer to something which can , potentially , be identified in a contained fashion .
but the assumption made by both historicist critical right and left is that the renaissance does refer to something which can , potentially , be [recognized] in a contained fashion .

Decorum , Puttenham proposed , is a quality which comes naturally to the elite , but these elite are identified by their natural sense of decorum .
decorum , puttenham proposed , is a quality which comes naturally to the elite , but these elite are [recognized] by their natural sense of decorum .

Once an offer can be identified there is not usually any difficulty in ascertaining whether it has been accepted .
once an offer can be [recognized] there is not usually any difficulty in ascertaining whether it has been accepted .

These are defined in section 61 as ‘ goods identified and agreed upon at the time a contract of sale is made .
these are defined in section 61 as ‘ goods [recognized] and agreed upon at the time a contract of sale is made .

They have ‘ identified and agreed upon ’ that car .
they have ‘ [recognized] and agreed upon ’ that car .

At the time of the contract ( i. e. at the cash desk ) the parties have identified and agreed upon the goods ( i.e .
at the time of the contract ( i. e. at the cash desk ) the parties have [recognized] and agreed upon the goods ( i.e .

The goods actually being sold must be identified .
the goods actually being sold must be [recognized] .

If the terms are such as to leave the seller free , if he should wish to do so , to obtain more wine of the same description for delivery to the buyer , then the contract goods have not been identified and agreed upon at the date of the contract and the contract is not one for the sale of specific goods , Re London Wine Co .
if the terms are such as to leave the seller free , if he should wish to do so , to obtain more wine of the same description for delivery to the buyer , then the contract goods have not been [recognized] and agreed upon at the date of the contract and the contract is not one for the sale of specific goods , re london wine co .

identified and agreed upon ) , then the contract is one for the sale of specific goods .
[recognized] and agreed upon ) , then the contract is one for the sale of specific goods .

The word ‘ ascertained ’ is used in the Sale of Goods Act to mean goods which become identified and agreed upon only after the contract is made .
the word ‘ ascertained ’ is used in the sale of goods act to mean goods which become [recognized] and agreed upon only after the contract is made .

Until the parties have identified the goods which the buyer is to have , no property can pass from the seller to the buyer for the simple reason that it is impossible to tell in which goods the property is passing .
until the parties have [recognized] the goods which the buyer is to have , no property can pass from the seller to the buyer for the simple reason that it is impossible to tell in which goods the property is passing .

The essence of this is that if the goods are identified and agreed upon and ready to be handed over , the parties are taken to have intended the buyer to become the owner immediately , i.e .
the essence of this is that if the goods are [recognized] and agreed upon and ready to be handed over , the parties are taken to have intended the buyer to become the owner immediately , i.e .

Thus if a seller entrusts identified and appropriated goods to a carrier with instructions that they be conveyed to the buyer but not handed over until the buyer has paid , the goods will remain the seller 's property until the buyer pays for them .
thus if a seller entrusts [recognized] and appropriated goods to a carrier with instructions that they be conveyed to the buyer but not handed over until the buyer has paid , the goods will remain the seller 's property until the buyer pays for them .

This project will address specifically identified methodological questions of a statistical nature that arise in the analysis of existing large and complex labour market data sets .
this project will address specifically [recognized] methodological questions of a statistical nature that arise in the analysis of existing large and complex labour market data sets .

The research consists of experimental studies designed to clarify our understanding of how familiar faces are identified and remembered .
the research consists of experimental studies designed to clarify our understanding of how familiar faces are [recognized] and remembered .

Two classes of explanation for social behaviour can be identified .
two classes of explanation for social behaviour can be [recognized] .

Initial research has identified a distinct group of poor child readers : those that perform normally on word recognition tests but show inferior text comprehension .
initial research has [recognized] a distinct group of poor child readers : those that perform normally on word recognition tests but show inferior text comprehension .

Most documents have many characteristics that might be identified by a searcher as the criterion by which the document would be selected as relevant .
most documents have many characteristics that might be [recognized] by a searcher as the criterion by which the document would be selected as relevant .

Translation Having identified the central theme of a document , this theme must be described in terms which are present in the indexing language .
translation having [recognized] the central theme of a document , this theme must be described in terms which are present in the indexing language .

Once a satisfactory entry point has been identified in an index , the instructions or guidelines in the index may help the searcher in improving retrieval .
once a satisfactory entry point has been [recognized] in an index , the instructions or guidelines in the index may help the searcher in improving retrieval .

Documents can only be identified as relevant by scanning the rather larger numbers of documents listed under the broader heading .
documents can only be [recognized] as relevant by scanning the rather larger numbers of documents listed under the broader heading .

Errors , such as indexers assigning unsuitable terms to concepts or omitting relationships , will affect precision by producing unsuitable documents in response to a search ; on the other hand , the same documents will fail to be identified when a search is conducted under the terms which should have been assigned to the document , thus reducing recall .
errors , such as indexers assigning unsuitable terms to concepts or omitting relationships , will affect precision by producing unsuitable documents in response to a search ; on the other hand , the same documents will fail to be [recognized] when a search is conducted under the terms which should have been assigned to the document , thus reducing recall .

Although the enumerative approach to the design of a classification scheme can be traced to the Greeks , long experience has shown that enumerative classification schemes are relatively inflexible and , whilst providing a working subject order , do not always adequately allow for all subjects . The problems that are encountered with enumerative classification schemes can be identified as follows :
although the enumerative approach to the design of a classification scheme can be traced to the greeks , long experience has shown that enumerative classification schemes are relatively inflexible and , whilst providing a working subject order , do not always adequately allow for all subjects . the problems that are encountered with enumerative classification schemes can be [recognized] as follows :

Thus , the list in Figure 13.2 ( below ) shows some title-like statements of complex subjects within which more than one simple concept can in general be identified .
thus , the list in figure 13.2 ( below ) shows some title-like statements of complex subjects within which more than one simple concept can in general be [recognized] .

It should be plain that the making of a classification scheme by this process involves analysis , as single concepts must be identified and distinguished one from another .
it should be plain that the making of a classification scheme by this process involves analysis , as single concepts must be [recognized] and distinguished one from another .

Obviously once these facets have been identified , it is a relatively simple matter to group the isolates into the appropriate facet .
obviously once these facets have been [recognized] , it is a relatively simple matter to group the isolates into the appropriate facet .

Thus 03 ( from Table 1 ) becomes identified with a dictionary or encyclopaedia and recurs in the notation for the Generalia class 030 for general dictionaries and encyclopaedias .
thus 03 ( from table 1 ) becomes [recognized] with a dictionary or encyclopaedia and recurs in the notation for the generalia class 030 for general dictionaries and encyclopaedias .

Facets , he observed , could be accommodated in five groups identified by Personality , Matter , Energy , Space and Time ( as introduced above in 13.2.3 ) .
facets , he observed , could be accommodated in five groups [recognized] by personality , matter , energy , space and time ( as introduced above in 13.2.3 ) .

Having identified core topics , marginal or fringe topics must be listed , and the type of treatment that they are to receive settled .
having [recognized] core topics , marginal or fringe topics must be listed , and the type of treatment that they are to receive settled .

Homographs , or words which have the same spelling but very diverse meanings , must be identified .
homographs , or words which have the same spelling but very diverse meanings , must be [recognized] .

Once an entry has been identified , the user will expect to find the complete term in order to distinguish it from others containing the same words .
once an entry has been [recognized] , the user will expect to find the complete term in order to distinguish it from others containing the same words .

The basic functions of a subject headings list ( as identified in section 16.1 above ) may be focused more precisely in the following terms :
the basic functions of a subject headings list ( as [recognized] in section 16.1 above ) may be focused more precisely in the following terms :

For several decades , therefore , one important section of the working-class movement and one school of socialist thought became identified with an authoritarian — and for more than twenty years tyrannical — form of government .
for several decades , therefore , one important section of the working-class movement and one school of socialist thought became [recognized] with an authoritarian — and for more than twenty years tyrannical — form of government .

53–5 ) , but whether that is so or not it did undoubtedly express in a very clear and forceful way ideas which were widely held about the dominant political issues in nineteenth-century European societies ; to such an extent that the social movement came to be largely identified , especially in Germany , with the labour movement .
53–5 ) , but whether that is so or not it did undoubtedly express in a very clear and forceful way ideas which were widely held about the dominant political issues in nineteenth-century european societies ; to such an extent that the social movement came to be largely [recognized] , especially in germany , with the labour movement .

In this definition , and throughout Parsons ' analysis , ‘ power ’ is identified with ‘ legitimate authority ’ , and this authority itself is assumed to arise from some kind of pervasive agreement upon the collective purposes of society as a whole .
in this definition , and throughout parsons ' analysis , ‘ power ’ is [recognized] with ‘ legitimate authority ’ , and this authority itself is assumed to arise from some kind of pervasive agreement upon the collective purposes of society as a whole .

The first thing he did on arriving at the rehearsal room was to ask Paul Lexington which one was Alex and , having had him identified , he immediately went across to the actor with hand outstretched
the first thing he did on arriving at the rehearsal room was to ask paul lexington which one was alex and , having had him [recognized] , he immediately went across to the actor with hand outstretched

It was some time before the cause of the error was identified .
it was some time before the cause of the error was [recognized] .

He had even known six years ago , before she herself had identified what ailed her in his presence then .
he had even known six years ago , before she herself had [recognized] what ailed her in his presence then .

Once the unit of analysis has been identified , we need to define the population .
once the unit of analysis has been [recognized] , we need to define the population .

Thus , one of the functions of parents sending their children to elite schools is for them to be identified as more able .
thus , one of the functions of parents sending their children to elite schools is for them to be [recognized] as more able .

The expenditure side is more complicated , and two classes of spending are identified .
the expenditure side is more complicated , and two classes of spending are [recognized] .

The first consists of goods where particular beneficiaries can ( in theory ) be identified — ‘ allocable expenditures ’ — or of broadly publicly provided private goods ( e.g .
the first consists of goods where particular beneficiaries can ( in theory ) be [recognized] — ‘ allocable expenditures ’ — or of broadly publicly provided private goods ( e.g .

Far more effective , he considered ( and there was no anti-Semitism involved , though inevitably most of the recent refugees were Jews ) , would be to put on the air people who , while speaking intelligible German , would be identified as representative British people .
far more effective , he considered ( and there was no anti-semitism involved , though inevitably most of the recent refugees were jews ) , would be to put on the air people who , while speaking intelligible german , would be [recognized] as representative british people .

Countries with volatile aggregate demand are identified by Lucas as those countries for which the variance of unanticipated aggregate demand , v , is high .
countries with volatile aggregate demand are [recognized] by lucas as those countries for which the variance of unanticipated aggregate demand , v , is high .

In extreme cases , no such band can be identified , and purity must be determined by other methods .
in extreme cases , no such band can be [recognized] , and purity must be determined by other methods .

Removal of the 2a 1 + 1b 1 + 1b 2 stretches which have already been identified shows that they have symmetries 2a 1 + 1a 2 + 1b 1 + 1b 2 .
removal of the 2a 1 + 1b 1 + 1b 2 stretches which have already been [recognized] shows that they have symmetries 2a 1 + 1a 2 + 1b 1 + 1b 2 .

Once an atom has been identified , it is in principle possible to define its effective charge by observing the chemical shift between its core lines and those of a similar atom in a standard environment .
once an atom has been [recognized] , it is in principle possible to define its effective charge by observing the chemical shift between its core lines and those of a similar atom in a standard environment .

Core levels can be regarded as essentially atomic in character , and a core electron can be clearly identified in terms of the particular atom and the type of atomic orbital with which it is associated .
core levels can be regarded as essentially atomic in character , and a core electron can be clearly [recognized] in terms of the particular atom and the type of atomic orbital with which it is associated .

These two probabilities can not be identified separately because of how they are specified .
these two probabilities can not be [recognized] separately because of how they are specified .

The culprits were identified , their motives revealed , and he reluctantly admired their deviousness , the sheer wickedness of their plan .
the culprits were [recognized] , their motives revealed , and he reluctantly admired their deviousness , the sheer wickedness of their plan .

Everything that identified his background was destroyed .
everything that [recognized] his background was destroyed .

Gaps in numerical sequences may be identified and samples lacking clear labels may at this stage be returned to their correct sequential position .
gaps in numerical sequences may be [recognized] and samples lacking clear labels may at this stage be returned to their correct sequential position .

Dissolution of diagnostic minerals , together with alteration of others , can significantly modify original grain composition , particularly as the original grain can rarely be confidently identified ( e.g .
dissolution of diagnostic minerals , together with alteration of others , can significantly modify original grain composition , particularly as the original grain can rarely be confidently [recognized] ( e.g .

He wondered if Heather , sitting in the same chair and gazing at the same view , had somehow bequeathed to him this reaction , or if it were entirely his own , a product of the self-pity Kingdom had identified .
he wondered if heather , sitting in the same chair and gazing at the same view , had somehow bequeathed to him this reaction , or if it were entirely his own , a product of the self-pity kingdom had [recognized] .

, three classes of commercial asset were identified .
, three classes of commercial asset were [recognized] .

Of course , this consequence follows because the building society is in effect attracting funds from the public sector and channelling them to the borrowers that we identified in section 4.1.1 .
of course , this consequence follows because the building society is in effect attracting funds from the public sector and channelling them to the borrowers that we [recognized] in section 4.1.1 .

Without any difficulty Coffin identified Chief Inspector Salter and one of his inspectors , a man called Stoker , said to have his eye on the main chance .
without any difficulty coffin [recognized] chief inspector salter and one of his inspectors , a man called stoker , said to have his eye on the main chance .

If whoever had killed her had also seen her there , and could be identified … Well , it would be progress , of a sort .
if whoever had killed her had also seen her there , and could be [recognized] … well , it would be progress , of a sort .

The Munn Committee identified a number of problems with , and criticisms of , the traditional Scottish secondary curriculum , notably those arising from two major recent developments , the rapid expansion of comprehensive schools , and the raising of the school leaving age to 16 .
the munn committee [recognized] a number of problems with , and criticisms of , the traditional scottish secondary curriculum , notably those arising from two major recent developments , the rapid expansion of comprehensive schools , and the raising of the school leaving age to 16 .

This report identified the principal tasks for management as gathering information on supply and demand , planning for change , allocating resources and general supervision .
this report [recognized] the principal tasks for management as gathering information on supply and demand , planning for change , allocating resources and general supervision .

These included : that the diversity of pupils ' abilities should be recognised , and a ‘ differentiated curriculum ’ and range of examination papers provided ; that the quality of the maths teaching force be improved — by the recruitment and retention of more well-qualified mathematicians through financial incentives , flexible salary structures and guarantees of employment , and through increases in in-service training and support ; that the subject should be approached by teachers in a variety of different ways , including exposition , discussion , practical work and problem solving , as well as mental and oral work ; and that curriculum materials be developed reflecting a ‘ foundation list ’ of mathematical topics identified by the committee .
these included : that the diversity of pupils ' abilities should be recognised , and a ‘ differentiated curriculum ’ and range of examination papers provided ; that the quality of the maths teaching force be improved — by the recruitment and retention of more well-qualified mathematicians through financial incentives , flexible salary structures and guarantees of employment , and through increases in in-service training and support ; that the subject should be approached by teachers in a variety of different ways , including exposition , discussion , practical work and problem solving , as well as mental and oral work ; and that curriculum materials be developed reflecting a ‘ foundation list ’ of mathematical topics [recognized] by the committee .

There is no obligation on LEAs to provide pre-school education ( except for children identified as having special educational needs ) and provision varies greatly , both in amount and in type .
there is no obligation on leas to provide pre-school education ( except for children [recognized] as having special educational needs ) and provision varies greatly , both in amount and in type .

It shows the percentages of men with fathers in each of the three main social classes identified in the study ( see Chapter 2 for explanation of these ) who had attended private schools ( including direct grant schools ) .
it shows the percentages of men with fathers in each of the three main social classes [recognized] in the study ( see chapter 2 for explanation of these ) who had attended private schools ( including direct grant schools ) .

Having identified geodesics in space–time , let us consider the geodesic deviation between the paths of two nearby test bodies in free fall towards a spherically symmetric star .
having [recognized] geodesics in space–time , let us consider the geodesic deviation between the paths of two nearby test bodies in free fall towards a spherically symmetric star .

The curvature tensor can be identified by using an approach that was introduced in Chapter 3 .
the curvature tensor can be [recognized] by using an approach that was introduced in chapter 3 .

Recent studies of quasars have identified multiple images produced in this way .
recent studies of quasars have [recognized] multiple images produced in this way .

For Richards the reconciliation occurred in the reader 's mind , and therefore could be identified introspectively .
for richards the reconciliation occurred in the reader 's mind , and therefore could be [recognized] introspectively .

The important thing here is not so much the nature of the codes , nor whether they have been properly identified , nor even whether they are comprehensive enough , but the idea of codes structuring literary texts .
the important thing here is not so much the nature of the codes , nor whether they have been properly [recognized] , nor even whether they are comprehensive enough , but the idea of codes structuring literary texts .

When considering why mathematics should reflect our multicultural society , a wide range of reasons can be identified .
when considering why mathematics should reflect our multicultural society , a wide range of reasons can be [recognized] .

The remedy was more practice in identified areas of weakness .
the remedy was more practice in [recognized] areas of weakness .

We identified ‘ hierarchical strands ’ , in which , for the children interviewed , the acquisition of one ability depended on the development of an earlier ability , allowing assessment of each child 's understanding of number concepts .
we [recognized] ‘ hierarchical strands ’ , in which , for the children interviewed , the acquisition of one ability depended on the development of an earlier ability , allowing assessment of each child 's understanding of number concepts .

Two overlapping strands can be identified in the progress in the subsequent years in developing machinery to assist this process ( Salter and Tapper ; 1981 ; Kelly 1982 ) .
two overlapping strands can be [recognized] in the progress in the subsequent years in developing machinery to assist this process ( salter and tapper ; 1981 ; kelly 1982 ) .

For the purpose of this research the writer had identified three basic curriculum stances in the arts ( Musgrove , 1968 ; Bernstein , 1971 ; Pring , 1976 ; Kelly , 1982 ) .
for the purpose of this research the writer had [recognized] three basic curriculum stances in the arts ( musgrove , 1968 ; bernstein , 1971 ; pring , 1976 ; kelly , 1982 ) .

All five of the most popular texts identified here are described by teachers as providing one or all of these opportunities .
all five of the most popular texts [recognized] here are described by teachers as providing one or all of these opportunities .

Through working with an admittedly small sample of six secondary comprehensive schools ( three city , two town and one rural ) an overall list of thirty ‘ well used ’ texts was identified as being in fairly frequent use as class readers .
through working with an admittedly small sample of six secondary comprehensive schools ( three city , two town and one rural ) an overall list of thirty ‘ well used ’ texts was [recognized] as being in fairly frequent use as class readers .

Fatness , blondness , bosominess , muscularity and stoutness are all identified as features used to introduce these characters .
fatness , blondness , bosominess , muscularity and stoutness are all [recognized] as features used to introduce these characters .

But Allison has gone further than just stating the theoretical arguments for the process , he has already begun to explore the actual practicalities of implementing assessment techniques with the aid of students in his department . What is particularly interesting about these experiments is that they are all based upon the theoretical and philosophical framework Allison has devised , in which he has identified four ‘ interactive and interdependent ’ domains :
but allison has gone further than just stating the theoretical arguments for the process , he has already begun to explore the actual practicalities of implementing assessment techniques with the aid of students in his department . what is particularly interesting about these experiments is that they are all based upon the theoretical and philosophical framework allison has devised , in which he has [recognized] four ‘ interactive and interdependent ’ domains :

Another problem , however , identified by the other teacher in this department , is the effect of the pressure of the coursework requirements on children with learning difficulties , as she says :
another problem , however , [recognized] by the other teacher in this department , is the effect of the pressure of the coursework requirements on children with learning difficulties , as she says :

Commonalities across these different areas are identified and used to inform and direct an application of Grid Technique to the examination of individual responses to art .
commonalities across these different areas are [recognized] and used to inform and direct an application of grid technique to the examination of individual responses to art .

In construct theory , constructs are identified by means of the labels applied to opposing poles .
in construct theory , constructs are [recognized] by means of the labels applied to opposing poles .

‘ What you 're telling me , Tallboy , ’ said the Superintendent with practised distaste , ‘ is that the sum total of knowledge gleaned by almost the entire Medewich police force , continuously engaged over the last ten days comes to this : Paul Gray was murdered on Thursday or Friday July first or second , somewhere between Markham cum Cumbermound and Medewich , by persons unknown , at a time not yet established , at a place not yet identified , for an as yet undiscovered reason .
‘ what you 're telling me , tallboy , ’ said the superintendent with practised distaste , ‘ is that the sum total of knowledge gleaned by almost the entire medewich police force , continuously engaged over the last ten days comes to this : paul gray was murdered on thursday or friday july first or second , somewhere between markham cum cumbermound and medewich , by persons unknown , at a time not yet established , at a place not yet [recognized] , for an as yet undiscovered reason .

Such large-scale , apparently planned and organised , land division has not been suggested before , but other examples are now being identified .
such large-scale , apparently planned and organised , land division has not been suggested before , but other examples are now being [recognized] .

Also , air survey by Derek Riley over south Yorkshire and north Nottinghamshire has identified regular brickwork-like patterns of early fields over many square miles of country .
also , air survey by derek riley over south yorkshire and north nottinghamshire has [recognized] regular brickwork-like patterns of early fields over many square miles of country .

Because so many of our boundaries are economic rather than administrative , it is most important that the patterns of settlement at different periods are identified and the likely land uses within them postulated .
because so many of our boundaries are economic rather than administrative , it is most important that the patterns of settlement at different periods are [recognized] and the likely land uses within them postulated .

More of them probably remain to be identified , particularly where there were important royal centres in Saxon times .
more of them probably remain to be [recognized] , particularly where there were important royal centres in saxon times .

The disposition of cathedrals from the earliest times onwards is well known , and early or important monastic sites can usually be identified , supported by estates in the ways already discussed .
the disposition of cathedrals from the earliest times onwards is well known , and early or important monastic sites can usually be [recognized] , supported by estates in the ways already discussed .

The fact that more sites have been identified as time passes shows that archaeological distribution maps only depict the activities of individual archaeologists or field societies up to any particular date , rather than the total picture of deserted medieval villages !
the fact that more sites have been [recognized] as time passes shows that archaeological distribution maps only depict the activities of individual archaeologists or field societies up to any particular date , rather than the total picture of deserted medieval villages !

In these areas we should not expect to find deserted , shrunken or moved villages , but the equivalent for hamlets and farms , and this is indeed the case with hundreds of such sites identified on Dartmoor and in west Somerset , for example ; this will be discussed further in Chapter 7 .
in these areas we should not expect to find deserted , shrunken or moved villages , but the equivalent for hamlets and farms , and this is indeed the case with hundreds of such sites [recognized] on dartmoor and in west somerset , for example ; this will be discussed further in chapter 7 .

In Somerset , the majority of the 500+ deserted settlements identified so far were formerly small hamlets of two or three farms and not large nucleated villages .
in somerset , the majority of the 500+ deserted settlements [recognized] so far were formerly small hamlets of two or three farms and not large nucleated villages .

The paper 's reporter , not identified unfortunately , followed a typical movement between reactor site and reprocessing plant in fine detail and with excellent perception of the subject .
the paper 's reporter , not [recognized] unfortunately , followed a typical movement between reactor site and reprocessing plant in fine detail and with excellent perception of the subject .

They have been identified as a type of coral-like single-cell organism and the radioactive materials detected are in line with authorised effluent discharges from Sellafield during the past year .
they have been [recognized] as a type of coral-like single-cell organism and the radioactive materials detected are in line with authorised effluent discharges from sellafield during the past year .

When Henri Pirenne placed the demise of the antique state , with the collapse of its increasingly ramshackle economic life-support system , in the mid-eighth century , he identified the moment of transition from the sub-Roman world to the Dark Ages .
when henri pirenne placed the demise of the antique state , with the collapse of its increasingly ramshackle economic life-support system , in the mid-eighth century , he [recognized] the moment of transition from the sub-roman world to the dark ages .

Charles 's charters include some 25 references ( outnumbering those in the charters of other Carolingians put together ) to places identified as mercatus , portus or burgus : all terms that imply some commercial activity .
charles 's charters include some 25 references ( outnumbering those in the charters of other carolingians put together ) to places [recognized] as mercatus , portus or burgus : all terms that imply some commercial activity .

Royal parents could also use the medium to convey a dynastic message : the ritual role identified the child born to reign .
royal parents could also use the medium to convey a dynastic message : the ritual role [recognized] the child born to reign .

It contained a large number of royal estates : perhaps a third of those which have been identified in the Carolingian Empire .
it contained a large number of royal estates : perhaps a third of those which have been [recognized] in the carolingian empire .

Unexpected difficulties which have prevented things from going well need to be identified and put right .
unexpected difficulties which have prevented things from going well need to be [recognized] and put right .

There are eight other lines of action which the Plans Project has identified as a means of recovering ground or of preventing mistakes from being compounded .
there are eight other lines of action which the plans project has [recognized] as a means of recovering ground or of preventing mistakes from being compounded .

Others are a matter of reassigning tasks , adjusting the timetable of a plan , scaling a project down or postponing the achievement of one or other of the targets which had originally been identified .
others are a matter of reassigning tasks , adjusting the timetable of a plan , scaling a project down or postponing the achievement of one or other of the targets which had originally been [recognized] .

Later will come decisions which hinge upon the manager 's having identified points of dissent or resistance .
later will come decisions which hinge upon the manager 's having [recognized] points of dissent or resistance .

This changed when a specific part of each year 's public expenditure at central government level was identified and earmarked for in-service education .
this changed when a specific part of each year 's public expenditure at central government level was [recognized] and earmarked for in-service education .

Within those groups he wanted to make sure that pupils who had special needs were not individually identified .
within those groups he wanted to make sure that pupils who had special needs were not individually [recognized] .

1985:21 ) : They identified and produced measures of distinct organizational sub-environments , matching each sub-environment to an appropriate sub-unit structure . ``
1985:21 ) : they [recognized] and produced measures of distinct organizational sub-environments , matching each sub-environment to an appropriate sub-unit structure . ``

Our business location strategy became more focused through a major review , which identified key opportunities for marketing , product improvement and sectoral priorities .
our business location strategy became more focused through a major review , which [recognized] key opportunities for marketing , product improvement and sectoral priorities .

Acceptable to all shades of political and military opinion , as well as to the Catholic Church , fascist Italy and Nazi Germany , yet not identified exclusively with any one of them , Franco was the common denominator on which they could all agree , for as long as the war demanded that particular interests be subordinated to the overall objective of defeating the common enemy .
acceptable to all shades of political and military opinion , as well as to the catholic church , fascist italy and nazi germany , yet not [recognized] exclusively with any one of them , franco was the common denominator on which they could all agree , for as long as the war demanded that particular interests be subordinated to the overall objective of defeating the common enemy .

Broadly speaking , they fell into two groups : those who identified with countries where right-wing totalitarianism was in power , such as Germany , Italy or Portugal ; and those who revered the kind of conservatism they most readily associated with the United Kingdom .
broadly speaking , they fell into two groups : those who [recognized] with countries where right-wing totalitarianism was in power , such as germany , italy or portugal ; and those who revered the kind of conservatism they most readily associated with the united kingdom .

The three overseas groups have each identified as part of their five year plan the major campaigning issue from their regions , and will be preparing limited materials and campaign plans to support work on these issues .
the three overseas groups have each [recognized] as part of their five year plan the major campaigning issue from their regions , and will be preparing limited materials and campaign plans to support work on these issues .

as identified when packages are bought
as [recognized] when packages are bought

3.1 Module descriptors which have been reviewed for session 1987–88 ( eg Music Making modules ) or which are being introduced in session 1987–88 for the first time are identified in the National Catalogue by a first digit 7 .
3.1 module descriptors which have been reviewed for session 1987–88 ( eg music making modules ) or which are being introduced in session 1987–88 for the first time are [recognized] in the national catalogue by a first digit 7 .

7.3 The Personal Interview takes the reviewing process a step further by using this as an Instrument of Assessment . Two forms of the Personal Interview may be identified :
7.3 the personal interview takes the reviewing process a step further by using this as an instrument of assessment . two forms of the personal interview may be [recognized] :

The interpersonal skills used during the module will be identified and assessed .
the interpersonal skills used during the module will be [recognized] and assessed .

3.4 Module descriptors which have been revised for session 1988–89 are identified in the National Certificate Catalogue by a first digit 8 .
3.4 module descriptors which have been revised for session 1988–89 are [recognized] in the national certificate catalogue by a first digit 8 .

3.2 Module descriptors which have been revised or developed for session 1989–90 are identified in the National Certificate Catalogue by a first digit 9 .
3.2 module descriptors which have been revised or developed for session 1989–90 are [recognized] in the national certificate catalogue by a first digit 9 .

7.1 Where gaps in provision are identified the council permits centres to submit Locally Devised Modules .
7.1 where gaps in provision are [recognized] the council permits centres to submit locally devised modules .

The performance criteria are written in a manner which accommodates changes in direction when key factors are identified either at the beginning or during the course of the investigation .
the performance criteria are written in a manner which accommodates changes in direction when key factors are [recognized] either at the beginning or during the course of the investigation .

First , how is the protected class to be identified ?
first , how is the protected class to be [recognized] ?

Having identified the hazards , risk analysis establishes the level of risk in terms of consequences and likelihood .
having [recognized] the hazards , risk analysis establishes the level of risk in terms of consequences and likelihood .

Comparisons with targets and assumptions then allow remedial measures to be identified if necessary .
comparisons with targets and assumptions then allow remedial measures to be [recognized] if necessary .

the potential for the wiring fault had not been identified ( hazard identification )
the potential for the wiring fault had not been [recognized] ( hazard identification )

formal objective criteria adopted for accepting or rejecting identified risks
formal objective criteria adopted for accepting or rejecting [recognized] risks

Reports on these visits have been made and from these a number of lessons have been identified which firms that are using risk management systems are likely to find of interest .
reports on these visits have been made and from these a number of lessons have been [recognized] which firms that are using risk management systems are likely to find of interest .

Circulars were issued to local authorities ; arrangements were made for the billeting of evacuees ( involving detailed surveys of available accommodation ) ; those citizens most at risk ( principally children , mothers with pre-school children , the elderly , the blind , the disabled ) were identified as belonging to the ‘ priority classes ’ ; and , most important of all , the country was divided into evacuation areas ( containing 11 million people , from which 3 million in the priority classes would be removed ) , reception areas ( 16 million ) which would host the evacuees , and neutral areas ( 13 million ) .
circulars were issued to local authorities ; arrangements were made for the billeting of evacuees ( involving detailed surveys of available accommodation ) ; those citizens most at risk ( principally children , mothers with pre-school children , the elderly , the blind , the disabled ) were [recognized] as belonging to the ‘ priority classes ’ ; and , most important of all , the country was divided into evacuation areas ( containing 11 million people , from which 3 million in the priority classes would be removed ) , reception areas ( 16 million ) which would host the evacuees , and neutral areas ( 13 million ) .

Second , evacuation has been identified by many writers as an enormously important causal factor in the construction of that wartime reformist consensus that led to the Welfare State legislation of the late 1940s .
second , evacuation has been [recognized] by many writers as an enormously important causal factor in the construction of that wartime reformist consensus that led to the welfare state legislation of the late 1940s .

Even in December 1940 — well after the Dunkirk turning-point identified by Titmuss — the Ministry of Food was uncertain whether expansion was possible because of the continuing ‘ precarious ’ supply situation .
even in december 1940 — well after the dunkirk turning-point [recognized] by titmuss — the ministry of food was uncertain whether expansion was possible because of the continuing ‘ precarious ’ supply situation .

Accordingly , on 12 June 1940 Lord Woolton , Minister of Food , despatched a memorandum to the Food Policy Committee of the War Cabinet in which he identified three groups in the population to whom food distribution should be improved : workers in factories ( ‘ if we are to obtain the maximum production over a long period of time from them ’ ) , people on low incomes and ‘ children of school age and under and nursing mothers whom , on grounds both of humanity and of racial preservation , it is essential we should protect against malnutrition ’ .
accordingly , on 12 june 1940 lord woolton , minister of food , despatched a memorandum to the food policy committee of the war cabinet in which he [recognized] three groups in the population to whom food distribution should be improved : workers in factories ( ‘ if we are to obtain the maximum production over a long period of time from them ’ ) , people on low incomes and ‘ children of school age and under and nursing mothers whom , on grounds both of humanity and of racial preservation , it is essential we should protect against malnutrition ’ .

The majority of LEAs did not accept that a clearly defined technical ability could be clearly identified at the age of eleven .
the majority of leas did not accept that a clearly defined technical ability could be clearly [recognized] at the age of eleven .

Driving provides an opportunity to study the effects on memory of an easily identified , commonly experienced type of emotional arousal with real world implications .
driving provides an opportunity to study the effects on memory of an easily [recognized] , commonly experienced type of emotional arousal with real world implications .

Individual junctions were defined by two fixed points which could be readily identified from the video record .
individual junctions were defined by two fixed points which could be readily [recognized] from the video record .

Knowledge of risk-related information from non-risky junctions will thus also allow films seen in the judgment phase to be identified in the recognition phase , however , it will also tend to cause false alarms because the information may be shared by distractors .
knowledge of risk-related information from non-risky junctions will thus also allow films seen in the judgment phase to be [recognized] in the recognition phase , however , it will also tend to cause false alarms because the information may be shared by distractors .

In addition , savings worth 19.6 million have been identified without a major effect on services .
in addition , savings worth 19.6 million have been [recognized] without a major effect on services .

Tentative proposals in ( 2 ) above were overtaken in May 1991 when the above Directive came into force whereby under Article 5 the River Almond was identified as a ‘ sensitive area ’ and ‘ waste water shall be subject to more stringent treatment than secondary treatment by 31 December 1998 for all discharges from agglomerations of more than 10000 p.e .
tentative proposals in ( 2 ) above were overtaken in may 1991 when the above directive came into force whereby under article 5 the river almond was [recognized] as a ‘ sensitive area ’ and ‘ waste water shall be subject to more stringent treatment than secondary treatment by 31 december 1998 for all discharges from agglomerations of more than 10000 p.e .

Already two such pieces of work have been identified , namely the Barum Delta Studies an a study of waste water discharges at Binulu an Labuan .
already two such pieces of work have been [recognized] , namely the barum delta studies an a study of waste water discharges at binulu an labuan .

Before work started on the Gyle project the Wimpey team identified the health and safety risk factors and then prepared a thorough safety plan detailing the company 's proposed safety management and working practices .
before work started on the gyle project the wimpey team [recognized] the health and safety risk factors and then prepared a thorough safety plan detailing the company 's proposed safety management and working practices .

Standard air pressure tests have identified a national average air change rate of 12.5 changes per hour .
standard air pressure tests have [recognized] a national average air change rate of 12.5 changes per hour .

Even in the latter instances , however , the entity is identified by means of the properties which it designates .
even in the latter instances , however , the entity is [recognized] by means of the properties which it designates .

What is clear beyond doubt is that the level of intensional entities can not be identified with any level or world of objectively existing referents ; ( 25 ) is a perfectly coherent remark despite the fact that the speaker explicitly denies the existence of one of the principal participants in it : ( 25 ) If Jack had married , his wife would now be the dowager duchess of Luntshire
what is clear beyond doubt is that the level of intensional entities can not be [recognized] with any level or world of objectively existing referents ; ( 25 ) is a perfectly coherent remark despite the fact that the speaker explicitly denies the existence of one of the principal participants in it : ( 25 ) if jack had married , his wife would now be the dowager duchess of luntshire

This is perhaps possible in a sentence like : ( 21 ) This Canadian is French given the existence of dual nationality ( if , that is , any speaker should ever wish to make an assignment of one property in a sentence where the subject is first identified by a competing property of the same type ) .
this is perhaps possible in a sentence like : ( 21 ) this canadian is french given the existence of dual nationality ( if , that is , any speaker should ever wish to make an assignment of one property in a sentence where the subject is first [recognized] by a competing property of the same type ) .

It is the position of the adjective which instantiates a property explicitly assigned to the entity already identified by the subject of the sentence but which does not take part in identifying that subject .
it is the position of the adjective which instantiates a property explicitly assigned to the entity already [recognized] by the subject of the sentence but which does not take part in identifying that subject .

The adjective in predicative position , which is introduced to be " added " to an already identified subject thus has an altogether different function from that of the prenominal attributive adjective which appears in order to play its part in the identification of an entity .
the adjective in predicative position , which is introduced to be " added " to an already [recognized] subject thus has an altogether different function from that of the prenominal attributive adjective which appears in order to play its part in the identification of an entity .

To answer the initial question first , it is certainly true that for ascriptive adjectives at least , with adjective and noun held constant , alternation between qualification and assignment can produce no difference in either the entity identified or the pattern of assignment of properties .
to answer the initial question first , it is certainly true that for ascriptive adjectives at least , with adjective and noun held constant , alternation between qualification and assignment can produce no difference in either the entity [recognized] or the pattern of assignment of properties .

Moreover , associatives are not the only group that can appear prenominally but which do not assign their property to the entity identified by the phrase of which they form part ; two other types ( to be discussed in Chapter 6 ) are exemplified by former and sheer .
moreover , associatives are not the only group that can appear prenominally but which do not assign their property to the entity [recognized] by the phrase of which they form part ; two other types ( to be discussed in chapter 6 ) are exemplified by former and sheer .

We see this in : ( 59 ) the bicycles damaged all had red handlebars The article here has virtually no function except to commend the entity identified as one which the audience should be able to recognize , and recognition focuses on the property damaged .
we see this in : ( 59 ) the bicycles damaged all had red handlebars the article here has virtually no function except to commend the entity [recognized] as one which the audience should be able to recognize , and recognition focuses on the property damaged .

The initial verb + noun phrase combination shows in essence a property word extended by an entity word , and it therefore remains a ( complex ) property ; the adjective then further extends this property ; but because it is an adjective rather than an adverb , its own property is understood as applicable to the entity identified by the noun phrase , with the important reservation , demanded by the intensional structure , that it will not be applied to it unconditionally but only insofar as that entity stands in relation to the verb which accompanies it .
the initial verb + noun phrase combination shows in essence a property word extended by an entity word , and it therefore remains a ( complex ) property ; the adjective then further extends this property ; but because it is an adjective rather than an adverb , its own property is understood as applicable to the entity [recognized] by the noun phrase , with the important reservation , demanded by the intensional structure , that it will not be applied to it unconditionally but only insofar as that entity stands in relation to the verb which accompanies it .

In each case , our intuition agrees with Bolinger that the adjective acts to qualify the description inherent in the noun , rather than the entity identified by the noun ; one may readily agree that there is a significant contrast between these and the following adjectives , in predicative position , which he gives as instances of referent-qualification ( in our terms , instances where the adjective is straight-forwardly assigned to the entity of the subject and shares the same referential locus ) : ( 3 ) the student was eager the man was hungry the lawyer was criminal ( One might , though , add the comment that criminal is seldom used ascriptively of human beings as opposed to their actions . )
in each case , our intuition agrees with bolinger that the adjective acts to qualify the description inherent in the noun , rather than the entity [recognized] by the noun ; one may readily agree that there is a significant contrast between these and the following adjectives , in predicative position , which he gives as instances of referent-qualification ( in our terms , instances where the adjective is straight-forwardly assigned to the entity of the subject and shares the same referential locus ) : ( 3 ) the student was eager the man was hungry the lawyer was criminal ( one might , though , add the comment that criminal is seldom used ascriptively of human beings as opposed to their actions . )

This is because , as we have already noted , the predicative construction has the specific purpose of marking that the property of the adjective is assigned to the entity identified by the subject noun phrase .
this is because , as we have already noted , the predicative construction has the specific purpose of marking that the property of the adjective is assigned to the entity [recognized] by the subject noun phrase .

But that entity is not , by definition , the properties of the word or words by which it is identified .
but that entity is not , by definition , the properties of the word or words by which it is [recognized] .

Other examples from his list of claimed sense-qualifiers turn out to belong , instead , to a class of peculiarly restrictive adjectives which we discuss elsewhere ( Chapter 7 and also Ferris , in preparation ) : ( 31 ) their main faults our prime suspect he was named first citizen These adjectives , unlike most , are inherently restrictive , and select the particular entity to be identified by a speaker out of an already assumed body of entities ; thus the faults in the first example are not main faults in any general sense , as would be required if they were to be sense-qualifiers ; they are those that come out in front , relative to the background group of all their faults , relevant on the particular occasion where the expression is used .
other examples from his list of claimed sense-qualifiers turn out to belong , instead , to a class of peculiarly restrictive adjectives which we discuss elsewhere ( chapter 7 and also ferris , in preparation ) : ( 31 ) their main faults our prime suspect he was named first citizen these adjectives , unlike most , are inherently restrictive , and select the particular entity to be [recognized] by a speaker out of an already assumed body of entities ; thus the faults in the first example are not main faults in any general sense , as would be required if they were to be sense-qualifiers ; they are those that come out in front , relative to the background group of all their faults , relevant on the particular occasion where the expression is used .

6.7 The thing which all the adjectives of the sort found in ( 33 ) have in common is that on the intensional level they qualify the relation between the entity identified by the noun phrase in which they appear and the description supported by the words making up the remainder of that phrase .
6.7 the thing which all the adjectives of the sort found in ( 33 ) have in common is that on the intensional level they qualify the relation between the entity [recognized] by the noun phrase in which they appear and the description supported by the words making up the remainder of that phrase .

However , it is unlikely that he is to be identified with Lothar , colleague of the great Romanist Pillius , whom the convent of Canterbury sought to enlist in June or July 1187 in the course of their great struggle with the archbishop .
however , it is unlikely that he is to be [recognized] with lothar , colleague of the great romanist pillius , whom the convent of canterbury sought to enlist in june or july 1187 in the course of their great struggle with the archbishop .

Initially , it was hoped that publications directly deriving from theses could be unambiguously identified , but this was not possible .
initially , it was hoped that publications directly deriving from theses could be unambiguously [recognized] , but this was not possible .

The current study , restricted to the geology of a single country , has identified four relevant theses from American universities during the period , but no attempt has been made to search for theses on Scottish geology produced in France , Germany , or any other country , because it is felt that :
the current study , restricted to the geology of a single country , has [recognized] four relevant theses from american universities during the period , but no attempt has been made to search for theses on scottish geology produced in france , germany , or any other country , because it is felt that :

Other research council consultations were identified , but at lower levels .
other research council consultations were [recognized] , but at lower levels .

In more than 70 % of his interviews , researchers said that their citations had motives which were combinations of two or more of the factors Brooks had identified .
in more than 70 % of his interviews , researchers said that their citations had motives which were combinations of two or more of the factors brooks had [recognized] .

Tens of millions of reprint requests are mailed each year , the authors having identified the existence of the papers from secondary sources .
tens of millions of reprint requests are mailed each year , the authors having [recognized] the existence of the papers from secondary sources .

This is similar to the ‘ invisible college ’ concept identified by several authors .
this is similar to the ‘ invisible college ’ concept [recognized] by several authors .

The problem is that such transformations are seldom perceived whilst they are occurring ; they are usually identified long after the event .
the problem is that such transformations are seldom perceived whilst they are occurring ; they are usually [recognized] long after the event .

Thus Carpenter and Narin found that patterns of citation from one journal to another could be used to generate clusters of journals which could be identified as groups .
thus carpenter and narin found that patterns of citation from one journal to another could be used to generate clusters of journals which could be [recognized] as groups .

They identified two key clusters in chemistry ; a general and organic chemistry cluster , and a physical chemistry cluster .
they [recognized] two key clusters in chemistry ; a general and organic chemistry cluster , and a physical chemistry cluster .

Leith has long been identified with the craft of Shipbuilding .
leith has long been [recognized] with the craft of shipbuilding .

It is argued that the distinctions noted earlier are by no means clear and that behaviour can not be identified in isolation from speech and so-called `` internal mental states `` .
it is argued that the distinctions noted earlier are by no means clear and that behaviour can not be [recognized] in isolation from speech and so-called `` internal mental states `` .

Provided that the panel is selected on a random basis in the first place , we can be sure that the changes identified are real changes in the group and , within a given limit of reliability , in the population as well .
provided that the panel is selected on a random basis in the first place , we can be sure that the changes [recognized] are real changes in the group and , within a given limit of reliability , in the population as well .

The contest , as in the first round , was dominated by personality clashes and regional rivalries , especially that between the highland capital of Quito , represented by Durán , and the major Pacific coast city of Guayaquil , with which Nebot was more closely identified .
the contest , as in the first round , was dominated by personality clashes and regional rivalries , especially that between the highland capital of quito , represented by durán , and the major pacific coast city of guayaquil , with which nebot was more closely [recognized] .

Transport problems resulting from the withdrawal of cheap Soviet oil supplies and the drastic cut in other forms of Soviet economic assistance were also identified as factors .
transport problems resulting from the withdrawal of cheap soviet oil supplies and the drastic cut in other forms of soviet economic assistance were also [recognized] as factors .

The decision was seen as a landmark case in that the defence lawyers argued unsuccessfully that Nicole had no legal existence at the time of the accident and , therefore , could not be identified as a victim of her mother 's action .
the decision was seen as a landmark case in that the defence lawyers argued unsuccessfully that nicole had no legal existence at the time of the accident and , therefore , could not be [recognized] as a victim of her mother 's action .

Objectives were identified as increasing non-oil and non-gas exports as much as possible ; continuing the process of deregulation in the import and export sectors ; directing the import and export systems towards the production of commodities for export ; rationalizing import taxes and other levies ; and deregulation in the investment and industrial sectors .
objectives were [recognized] as increasing non-oil and non-gas exports as much as possible ; continuing the process of deregulation in the import and export sectors ; directing the import and export systems towards the production of commodities for export ; rationalizing import taxes and other levies ; and deregulation in the investment and industrial sectors .

On June 1 a mass privatization scheme began in Romania with the distribution to the public of vouchers representing 30 per cent of capital in 6,000 state-owned enterprises identified for privatization .
on june 1 a mass privatization scheme began in romania with the distribution to the public of vouchers representing 30 per cent of capital in 6,000 state-owned enterprises [recognized] for privatization .

The assailants made off on motor-cycles , but one of the two was captured and identified as Abd al-Shafi Ramadan , a 25 year-old fishmonger and reportedly a member of a Cairo cell of the al-Jihad organization which had been responsible for the assassination of President Anwar Sadat in 1981 and the killing of the Speaker of the People 's Assembly , Rifaat al-Mahgoub , in October 1990 .
the assailants made off on motor-cycles , but one of the two was captured and [recognized] as abd al-shafi ramadan , a 25 year-old fishmonger and reportedly a member of a cairo cell of the al-jihad organization which had been responsible for the assassination of president anwar sadat in 1981 and the killing of the speaker of the people 's assembly , rifaat al-mahgoub , in october 1990 .

The Luxembourg draft outlined the aims of the " European Union " and then identified three areas of competence .
the luxembourg draft outlined the aims of the " european union " and then [recognized] three areas of competence .

By April 12 , after pressure from the Greek government for a thorough investigation , the Turkish authorities identified as the arsonist a 33-year-old Turk ( who also died in the explosion ) .
by april 12 , after pressure from the greek government for a thorough investigation , the turkish authorities [recognized] as the arsonist a 33-year-old turk ( who also died in the explosion ) .

Shorter prison terms would be considered for traffickers who acknowledged their crimes , identified accomplices and turned over their assets .
shorter prison terms would be considered for traffickers who acknowledged their crimes , [recognized] accomplices and turned over their assets .

Other joint agreements included the assignment of individual leaders of member countries to supervise and take responsibility for `` implementing action `` in six key areas identified by an independent West Indian commission .
other joint agreements included the assignment of individual leaders of member countries to supervise and take responsibility for `` implementing action `` in six key areas [recognized] by an independent west indian commission .

This section was identified as particularly relevant to the Spanish enclaves of Ceuta and Melilla , which were claimed by Morocco .
this section was [recognized] as particularly relevant to the spanish enclaves of ceuta and melilla , which were claimed by morocco .

It was also reported that another four deputies had resigned their seats when they were told that they would be identified by the commission .
it was also reported that another four deputies had resigned their seats when they were told that they would be [recognized] by the commission .

Three key posts were now occupied by men identified as followers of Solchaga : José Borrell Fontelles , a new appointee , headed a new Ministry of Public Works and Transport ( also called the `` infrastructure `` ministry ) ; Pedro Solbes Mira , also new to the government , became Agriculture minister ; José Claudio Aranzadi Martínez retained the Industry portfolio and in addition took over the Commerce and Tourism portfolios .
three key posts were now occupied by men [recognized] as followers of solchaga : josé borrell fontelles , a new appointee , headed a new ministry of public works and transport ( also called the `` infrastructure `` ministry ) ; pedro solbes mira , also new to the government , became agriculture minister ; josé claudio aranzadi martínez retained the industry portfolio and in addition took over the commerce and tourism portfolios .

Witnesses identified their leader as Lt. Gnassingbe Toi , chief of the presidential guard and Eyadema 's brother .
witnesses [recognized] their leader as lt. gnassingbe toi , chief of the presidential guard and eyadema 's brother .

The leader of the earlier occupation of the broadcasting station was identified as Maj. Narcisse Djoua .
the leader of the earlier occupation of the broadcasting station was [recognized] as maj. narcisse djoua .

As the build-up to the pending general election got under way , the position of the leader of the Liberal Democrats , Paddy Ashdown , came under scrutiny when on Feb. 5 he made a statement acknowledging that some years earlier he had had a `` brief relationship `` with a woman ( identified as Patricia Sullivan , now known under the name Howard ) ; he stressed , however , that this `` should have remained a private and personal matter of concern only to those involved `` .
as the build-up to the pending general election got under way , the position of the leader of the liberal democrats , paddy ashdown , came under scrutiny when on feb. 5 he made a statement acknowledging that some years earlier he had had a `` brief relationship `` with a woman ( [recognized] as patricia sullivan , now known under the name howard ) ; he stressed , however , that this `` should have remained a private and personal matter of concern only to those involved `` .

The Record of Understanding identified 24 migrant worker hostels which would be fenced off by Nov. 15 .
the record of understanding [recognized] 24 migrant worker hostels which would be fenced off by nov. 15 .

On Nov. 29 the Defence Minister , Gen. Iván Jiménez Sánchez , reported that 142 civilians and 27 members of the armed forces had been killed . He identified 10 senior members of the armed forces as being behind the coup attempt , including two rear admirals — Hernán Gruber Odreman and Luis Cabrera Aguirre
on nov. 29 the defence minister , gen. iván jiménez sánchez , reported that 142 civilians and 27 members of the armed forces had been killed . he [recognized] 10 senior members of the armed forces as being behind the coup attempt , including two rear admirals — hernán gruber odreman and luis cabrera aguirre

One `` secret witness `` , subsequently identified as a German of Iraqi origin , recanted his testimony during the trial and claimed that he had been forced to make a false testimony under duress .
one `` secret witness `` , subsequently [recognized] as a german of iraqi origin , recanted his testimony during the trial and claimed that he had been forced to make a false testimony under duress .

The two main obstacles to the normalization of relations were identified as Japan 's demand that North Korea allow international inspection of its nuclear facilities , and North Korea 's insistence on compensation for alleged Japanese hostility over the previous 70 years .
the two main obstacles to the normalization of relations were [recognized] as japan 's demand that north korea allow international inspection of its nuclear facilities , and north korea 's insistence on compensation for alleged japanese hostility over the previous 70 years .

His assassin was identified by police as El Sayed Noseir , a 37-year-old boiler repairman who was believed to be an Egyptian immigrant .
his assassin was [recognized] by police as el sayed noseir , a 37-year-old boiler repairman who was believed to be an egyptian immigrant .

On Dec. 21 , 1989 , exactly a year after the Lockerbie bombing [ see pp. 26409-10 ] , a Palestinian identified as a suspect in the crime was given a life sentence by a court in Uppsala , Sweden , having been with three others with terrorist offences in Sweden , Denmark and the Netherlands in 1985-86 [ see p. 37137 ] .
on dec. 21 , 1989 , exactly a year after the lockerbie bombing [ see pp. 26409-10 ] , a palestinian [recognized] as a suspect in the crime was given a life sentence by a court in uppsala , sweden , having been with three others with terrorist offences in sweden , denmark and the netherlands in 1985-86 [ see p. 37137 ] .

Observers had identified the absence of any presidential party as complicating the power struggle between Yeltsin and the legislature .
observers had [recognized] the absence of any presidential party as complicating the power struggle between yeltsin and the legislature .

Women were for the first time identified in their own right as potential land reform beneficiaries .
women were for the first time [recognized] in their own right as potential land reform beneficiaries .

These he identified as arrangements for the police and security services , the stationing of troops of both sides and the administration of Renamo-controlled areas in the period before elections .
these he [recognized] as arrangements for the police and security services , the stationing of troops of both sides and the administration of renamo-controlled areas in the period before elections .

Significantly , he identified inadequate protection of Russians living in `` nearby foreign countries `` ( blizhee zarubezhe — the phrase describing the other former Soviet republics ) .
significantly , he [recognized] inadequate protection of russians living in `` nearby foreign countries `` ( blizhee zarubezhe — the phrase describing the other former soviet republics ) .

The changes , involving the appointment of nine new ministers and the reassignment of five portfolios to existing members of the Council of Ministers , altered the ethnic composition of the Cabinet ; 60 per cent were identified in the press as Hutus , including François Ngeze , the new Minister of the Interior and Local Government .
the changes , involving the appointment of nine new ministers and the reassignment of five portfolios to existing members of the council of ministers , altered the ethnic composition of the cabinet ; 60 per cent were [recognized] in the press as hutus , including françois ngeze , the new minister of the interior and local government .

Among those whom Collor retained were the three ministers with responsibility for military portfolios and the Economy Minister Marcílio Marques Moreira , who was identified with the IMF-approved economic austerity programme .
among those whom collor retained were the three ministers with responsibility for military portfolios and the economy minister marcílio marques moreira , who was [recognized] with the imf-approved economic austerity programme .

Although there were technically no political parties in Iran , foreign commentators identified two major factions .
although there were technically no political parties in iran , foreign commentators [recognized] two major factions .

In January 1991 pamphlets were circulated in Bangkok implicating Manoon and Chatichai 's son and adviser , Kraisak Choonhaven , in a 1982 assassination plot against Gen. Prem , Gen. Arthit and `` a prominent figure in high places `` , later identified as Queen Sirikit .
in january 1991 pamphlets were circulated in bangkok implicating manoon and chatichai 's son and adviser , kraisak choonhaven , in a 1982 assassination plot against gen. prem , gen. arthit and `` a prominent figure in high places `` , later [recognized] as queen sirikit .

Under the protocol 14 areas were identified for the purpose of increasing , diversifying and balancing trade and economic co-operation between the two countries .
under the protocol 14 areas were [recognized] for the purpose of increasing , diversifying and balancing trade and economic co-operation between the two countries .

The two were identified as Lt. Ali Abd al-Hafez and Ahmad Mohammed Ahmad .
the two were [recognized] as lt. ali abd al-hafez and ahmad mohammed ahmad .

As new treatments and technologies proliferate and new needs are identified these demands escalate , but even as early as 1954 , the then Minister for Health , Enoch Powell , discovered that it became a `` positive ethical duty for ( providers ) to beseige and bombard the government and force or shame them into providing more money … and then more again `` ( Powell 1966 ) .
as new treatments and technologies proliferate and new needs are [recognized] these demands escalate , but even as early as 1954 , the then minister for health , enoch powell , discovered that it became a `` positive ethical duty for ( providers ) to beseige and bombard the government and force or shame them into providing more money … and then more again `` ( powell 1966 ) .

About three thousand inherited abnormalities , ranging from the serious to the mild , have already been identified by scientists and genome research continues to identify more .
about three thousand inherited abnormalities , ranging from the serious to the mild , have already been [recognized] by scientists and genome research continues to identify more .

Relations continued to be close and cooperative but the district now identified more with its `` champion of the people `` role , less with the protection of its own units .
relations continued to be close and cooperative but the district now [recognized] more with its `` champion of the people `` role , less with the protection of its own units .

This was confirmed in one of the survey questions , which identified 10 factors influencing decisions on where to place contracts .
this was confirmed in one of the survey questions , which [recognized] 10 factors influencing decisions on where to place contracts .

The Schools Council History Project in defining an approach for history in the secondary school identified certain key `` historical `` concepts , or ways of approaching the past .
the schools council history project in defining an approach for history in the secondary school [recognized] certain key `` historical `` concepts , or ways of approaching the past .

Once suitable site visits or useful resources have been identified , the topic will usually begin to appear more interesting , and preparation of strategies and schemes of work can begin .
once suitable site visits or useful resources have been [recognized] , the topic will usually begin to appear more interesting , and preparation of strategies and schemes of work can begin .

Resources already within the school should be identified .
resources already within the school should be [recognized] .

In one school a number of `` themes `` were identified : homes , school , religion and the Church , trade , and communications ( roads , seafaring ) .
in one school a number of `` themes `` were [recognized] : homes , school , religion and the church , trade , and communications ( roads , seafaring ) .

The following stages in the process may be helpful : ( 1 ) Having identified the unit ensure that the statutory content is clear .
the following stages in the process may be helpful : ( 1 ) having [recognized] the unit ensure that the statutory content is clear .

There are many ways in which history can be presented to pupils and the effective teacher will select the most appropriate vehicle to achieve each identified learning outcome .
there are many ways in which history can be presented to pupils and the effective teacher will select the most appropriate vehicle to achieve each [recognized] learning outcome .

While the variety of approaches can be extended this must be planned in relation to the outcomes which the teacher has identified through the programme of study and attainment targets .
while the variety of approaches can be extended this must be planned in relation to the outcomes which the teacher has [recognized] through the programme of study and attainment targets .

It will be the teacher 's judgement , made over time and through observing performance in different tasks , whether pupils can be said to have attained the abilities identified in a Statement of Attainment .
it will be the teacher 's judgement , made over time and through observing performance in different tasks , whether pupils can be said to have attained the abilities [recognized] in a statement of attainment .

These two questions alone , paradoxically , may actually stop further historical enquiry in its tracks , as pupils may feel that once an object has been labelled and identified , there is little more to be said about it . ``
these two questions alone , paradoxically , may actually stop further historical enquiry in its tracks , as pupils may feel that once an object has been labelled and [recognized] , there is little more to be said about it . ``

In a recent survey carried out on over 300 pupils aged between 10 and 11 years , when pupils were shown an extract from the Yorkshire television series `` How we used to live `` , only 40 per cent of pupils identified black and white archive film as representing `` the past `` .
in a recent survey carried out on over 300 pupils aged between 10 and 11 years , when pupils were shown an extract from the yorkshire television series `` how we used to live `` , only 40 per cent of pupils [recognized] black and white archive film as representing `` the past `` .

The following needs were identified : —
the following needs were [recognized] : —

Live Projects involve students , individually or in teams , in project work concerned with meeting a real need which has been identified by an outside employer .
live projects involve students , individually or in teams , in project work concerned with meeting a real need which has been [recognized] by an outside employer .

Where the trust does not have identified beneficiaries , such as a charitable trust , s.5 ( 2 ) applies .
where the trust does not have [recognized] beneficiaries , such as a charitable trust , s.5 ( 2 ) applies .

— establishing competing points of view associated with the issue identified ;
— establishing competing points of view associated with the issue [recognized] ;

Accordingly , when you have identified the areas in common , and the divergences , between exam questions and essay topics of your own , you can draw appropriately on skills you have learnt in one kind of work while doing another .
accordingly , when you have [recognized] the areas in common , and the divergences , between exam questions and essay topics of your own , you can draw appropriately on skills you have learnt in one kind of work while doing another .

When introduced for the first time , technical terms can be helpfully identified by having inverted commas round them .
when introduced for the first time , technical terms can be helpfully [recognized] by having inverted commas round them .

This system works effectively , so long as the work in question can be clearly identified in the booklist or bibliography attached to the essay or dissertation ( for details , see below , Chapter 7 , pp .
this system works effectively , so long as the work in question can be clearly [recognized] in the booklist or bibliography attached to the essay or dissertation ( for details , see below , chapter 7 , pp .

Working through a series of commonly occurring problems , we have identified relevant conventions and suggested strategies for avoiding mistakes .
working through a series of commonly occurring problems , we have [recognized] relevant conventions and suggested strategies for avoiding mistakes .

Though both Rosen and Burgess and D'Costa had identified this language variety of black adolescents with Jamaican specifically , in the absence of a description , no one really knew whether it had the features of Jamaican Creole or not .
though both rosen and burgess and d'costa had [recognized] this language variety of black adolescents with jamaican specifically , in the absence of a description , no one really knew whether it had the features of jamaican creole or not .

They identified twenty features of grammar or phonology which characterise `` Patois `` as opposed to British English .
they [recognized] twenty features of grammar or phonology which characterise `` patois `` as opposed to british english .

The leap from competence scores ( which do not really measure competence , but only use ) to `` acquisitional hierarchy `` — in the meantime having identified speakers of Patois as second language learners — seems unjustified .
the leap from competence scores ( which do not really measure competence , but only use ) to `` acquisitional hierarchy `` — in the meantime having [recognized] speakers of patois as second language learners — seems unjustified .

It is reasonable to ask whether the Caribbean community in London has such a distinctive variety of English , characterised by features of accent , grammar or vocabulary which are closely identified with members of that community only .
it is reasonable to ask whether the caribbean community in london has such a distinctive variety of english , characterised by features of accent , grammar or vocabulary which are closely [recognized] with members of that community only .

Overall , the group of pupils who identified themselves as `` black `` or `` West Indian `` were significantly better ( p < 0.5 ) than the group who identified themselves as `` white `` or `` Anglo-Saxon `` at guessing the ethnicity of the speakers .
overall , the group of pupils who [recognized] themselves as `` black `` or `` west indian `` were significantly better ( p < 0.5 ) than the group who [recognized] themselves as `` white `` or `` anglo-saxon `` at guessing the ethnicity of the speakers .

Speakers in this category were numbers 1 , 3 , 4 and 5 who were on average correctly identified 36.4 per cent of the time by the `` black `` group and 17.2 per cent of the time by the `` white `` group .
speakers in this category were numbers 1 , 3 , 4 and 5 who were on average correctly [recognized] 36.4 per cent of the time by the `` black `` group and 17.2 per cent of the time by the `` white `` group .

It seems that the listeners , both black and white , were able to home in on some as yet unidentified aspect of the phonology of these two adolescent boys which identified them as black .
it seems that the listeners , both black and white , were able to home in on some as yet unidentified aspect of the phonology of these two adolescent boys which [recognized] them as black .

We saw above that there was one other speaker who was generally correctly identified as black — but in this case , only by the black group .
we saw above that there was one other speaker who was generally correctly [recognized] as black — but in this case , only by the black group .

This `` clue `` , whatever it is , may become more obvious in adolescence , so that older black males are readily identified by their speech even by non-members of the community , as in the case of speakers 9 and 10 .
this `` clue `` , whatever it is , may become more obvious in adolescence , so that older black males are readily [recognized] by their speech even by non-members of the community , as in the case of speakers 9 and 10 .

To sum up , it seems that some adolescent black boys are readily identified as such by features of their voice , both by other members of the black community and by outsiders .
to sum up , it seems that some adolescent black boys are readily [recognized] as such by features of their voice , both by other members of the black community and by outsiders .

Groups `` , then , are creations of the speaker and may or may not correspond to `` groups `` which would be identified by sociologists or anthropologists : in the words of Benedict Anderson ( 1983 ) in a related context , they are `` imagined communities `` .
groups `` , then , are creations of the speaker and may or may not correspond to `` groups `` which would be [recognized] by sociologists or anthropologists : in the words of benedict anderson ( 1983 ) in a related context , they are `` imagined communities `` .

Bell ( 1984 ) points to two categories of extralinguistic factors which variationist sociolinguists have identified as correlating with linguistic variation .
bell ( 1984 ) points to two categories of extralinguistic factors which variationist sociolinguists have [recognized] as correlating with linguistic variation .

This brings us back to Le Page 's hypothesis : " the individual creates for himself the patterns of his linguistic behaviour so as to resemble those of the group or groups with which from time to time he wishes to be identified " ; only now we can treat " linguistic behaviour " at a micro level , interpreting " from time to time " to mean even at different stages within the same conversation — perhaps even the same utterance .
this brings us back to le page 's hypothesis : " the individual creates for himself the patterns of his linguistic behaviour so as to resemble those of the group or groups with which from time to time he wishes to be [recognized] " ; only now we can treat " linguistic behaviour " at a micro level , interpreting " from time to time " to mean even at different stages within the same conversation — perhaps even the same utterance .

Putting this another way , what is the mechanism whereby we `` create … the patterns of … linguistic behaviour so as to resemble those of the group or groups with which from time to time [ we wish ] to be identified `` ?
putting this another way , what is the mechanism whereby we `` create … the patterns of … linguistic behaviour so as to resemble those of the group or groups with which from time to time [ we wish ] to be [recognized] `` ?

Making the reasonable assumption that Sue wanted , for professional reasons , to be `` identified with `` her clients , we have here evidence that she did adjust her linguistic behaviour in such a way as to bring it closer to that of a group with which , at the time in question , she wished to be identified .
making the reasonable assumption that sue wanted , for professional reasons , to be `` [recognized] with `` her clients , we have here evidence that she did adjust her linguistic behaviour in such a way as to bring it closer to that of a group with which , at the time in question , she wished to be [recognized] .

If what has been hypothesised so far is true , much of the variation in linguistic interactions which is not explicable in terms of grammatical or phonological conditioning can be accounted for by changes of footing , involving a switch from one ( linguistic ) persona to another ; some can be accounted for by the speaker 's failure to identify perfectly the speech patterns of the prototypes of the personas which s/he seeks to animate at a particular time ; and some can be accounted for by the speaker 's imperfect ability to reproduce those speech patterns which s/he has identified .
if what has been hypothesised so far is true , much of the variation in linguistic interactions which is not explicable in terms of grammatical or phonological conditioning can be accounted for by changes of footing , involving a switch from one ( linguistic ) persona to another ; some can be accounted for by the speaker 's failure to identify perfectly the speech patterns of the prototypes of the personas which s/he seeks to animate at a particular time ; and some can be accounted for by the speaker 's imperfect ability to reproduce those speech patterns which s/he has [recognized] .

Once the relevant occupier or occupiers have been identified the next stage is to ascertain the status of the plaintiff .
once the relevant occupier or occupiers have been [recognized] the next stage is to ascertain the status of the plaintiff .

If the goods were examined and the defect was negligently not identified , this makes the examiner a cause of the damage .
if the goods were examined and the defect was negligently not [recognized] , this makes the examiner a cause of the damage .

The Employer 's Liability ( Defective Equipment ) Act 1969 , s. 1(1) now provides : Where … an employee suffers personal injury in the course of his employment in consequence of a defect in equipment provided by his employer for the purposes of the employer 's business and the defect is attributable wholly or partly to the fault of a third party ( whether identified or not ) the injury shall be deemed to be also attributable to negligence on the part of the employer .
the employer 's liability ( defective equipment ) act 1969 , s. 1(1) now provides : where … an employee suffers personal injury in the course of his employment in consequence of a defect in equipment provided by his employer for the purposes of the employer 's business and the defect is attributable wholly or partly to the fault of a third party ( whether [recognized] or not ) the injury shall be deemed to be also attributable to negligence on the part of the employer .

The annal concerned can not in its present form be strictly contemporary , for nobody would have identified Swegen by referring to him as Cnut 's father at this date , but this is not an adequate reason for rejecting its information .
the annal concerned can not in its present form be strictly contemporary , for nobody would have [recognized] swegen by referring to him as cnut 's father at this date , but this is not an adequate reason for rejecting its information .

Although Ulf and Eglaf are often identified with Ulf , the husband of Cnut 's sister Estrith , and his brother Eglaf , this is not certain .
although ulf and eglaf are often [recognized] with ulf , the husband of cnut 's sister estrith , and his brother eglaf , this is not certain .

Four main factors may be identified ; 1 .
four main factors may be [recognized] ; 1 .

These provisions are identified below .
these provisions are [recognized] below .

Provisions not identified below as being required by the Companies Act or as being necessary to ensure a practice 's ability to comply with the Rules are simply suggested by way of guidance ; practitioners should be aware that other approaches may be taken to the matters covered by such provisions .
provisions not [recognized] below as being required by the companies act or as being necessary to ensure a practice 's ability to comply with the rules are simply suggested by way of guidance ; practitioners should be aware that other approaches may be taken to the matters covered by such provisions .

These provisions are identified below .
these provisions are [recognized] below .

Provisions not identified below as being required by the Companies Act or as being necessary to ensure a practice 's ability to comply with the Rules are simply suggested by way of guidance ; practitioners should be aware that other approaches may be taken to the matters covered by such provisions .
provisions not [recognized] below as being required by the companies act or as being necessary to ensure a practice 's ability to comply with the rules are simply suggested by way of guidance ; practitioners should be aware that other approaches may be taken to the matters covered by such provisions .

The following further difficulties associated with incorporation can be identified .
the following further difficulties associated with incorporation can be [recognized] .

However , the national monetary sovereignty identified with an exchange rate union is illusory rather than real .
however , the national monetary sovereignty [recognized] with an exchange rate union is illusory rather than real .

In theory , areas of acoustic clarity would be identified on the basis of bottom-up information as seed words .
in theory , areas of acoustic clarity would be [recognized] on the basis of bottom-up information as seed words .

Areas of poor acoustic quality but tightly constrained by local syntactic and semantic information would be identified through top-down prediction .
areas of poor acoustic quality but tightly constrained by local syntactic and semantic information would be [recognized] through top-down prediction .

The remaining test utterances were not incorrectly identified ; the system simply generated too many partial interpretations and so failed to give a response within the resource limits of the trial .
the remaining test utterances were not incorrectly [recognized] ; the system simply generated too many partial interpretations and so failed to give a response within the resource limits of the trial .

Cole & Jakimik 1980 ) assume that the beginning of a word is known , either because it is at the beginning of the utterance or because the previous word has been identified .
cole & jakimik 1980 ) assume that the beginning of a word is known , either because it is at the beginning of the utterance or because the previous word has been [recognized] .

The performance of lexical access is often measured by number of words correctly identified .
the performance of lexical access is often measured by number of words correctly [recognized] .

incorrect words identified as correct ) .
incorrect words [recognized] as correct ) .

We grouped false positives into two classes : words identified because of errors in scoring and labelling acoustic-phonetic segments ( e.g .
we grouped false positives into two classes : words [recognized] because of errors in scoring and labelling acoustic-phonetic segments ( e.g .

The judge considered the non-literal elements of the programs and identified similarities .
the judge considered the non-literal elements of the programs and [recognized] similarities .

The role that the equipment or software is intended to fulfil must be clearly identified and quantified , a comprehensive and precise specification must be drawn up .
the role that the equipment or software is intended to fulfil must be clearly [recognized] and quantified , a comprehensive and precise specification must be drawn up .

While there are also a number of texts that claim to be fabliaux but which are not now considered to belong to the genre , the common characteristics of the type ( described below ) are sufficiently clear for the same number of texts again to be identified with and added to the self-proclaimed fabliaux .
while there are also a number of texts that claim to be fabliaux but which are not now considered to belong to the genre , the common characteristics of the type ( described below ) are sufficiently clear for the same number of texts again to be [recognized] with and added to the self-proclaimed fabliaux .

The real problem for Schenk 's case is the question of how far the target figures of the fabliaux can be identified with the real humanity that both authors and readers/listeners must be part of .
the real problem for schenk 's case is the question of how far the target figures of the fabliaux can be [recognized] with the real humanity that both authors and readers/listeners must be part of .

This anthropocentric view and attitude is one facet of what is frequently identified as the realism of the fabliaux .
this anthropocentric view and attitude is one facet of what is frequently [recognized] as the realism of the fabliaux .

More seriously sacrilegious is surely Saint Pierre et le jongleur , `` Saint Peter and the jongleur `` , in which a jongleur 's soul goes off to Hell with a number of other satirically identified characters — jousting men , usurers , thieves , bishops , priests , monks , abbots , knights — but presents itself , incongruously , as that of a relatively good character , anxious , for instance , to please its new infernal master ( in a witty parody of the Orpheus story ) by singing .
more seriously sacrilegious is surely saint pierre et le jongleur , `` saint peter and the jongleur `` , in which a jongleur 's soul goes off to hell with a number of other satirically [recognized] characters — jousting men , usurers , thieves , bishops , priests , monks , abbots , knights — but presents itself , incongruously , as that of a relatively good character , anxious , for instance , to please its new infernal master ( in a witty parody of the orpheus story ) by singing .

He , like Bédier , identified the fundamental problem posed by fabliaux to the scholar as that of identifying the social condition of the audience they were addressed to .
he , like bédier , [recognized] the fundamental problem posed by fabliaux to the scholar as that of identifying the social condition of the audience they were addressed to .

This appears to be reflected in the character of the Anglo-Norman fabliaux , which — small though their number is and therefore a rather unreliable basis for generalizations — tend to concentrate upon the adventures of knightly characters , and to develop the characters they contain in terms which , however facile , represent the aristocratic or courtly ethos : characters are frequently identified as `` `` bel `` `` , `` fine `` , for instance , and given `` noble `` motives for their actions , such as the lady of Un Chevalier , sa dame et un clerc , who , superficially at least , gives herself to the clerk as an act of pity , in order to avoid his dying of his `` `` maladie `` `` of love .
this appears to be reflected in the character of the anglo-norman fabliaux , which — small though their number is and therefore a rather unreliable basis for generalizations — tend to concentrate upon the adventures of knightly characters , and to develop the characters they contain in terms which , however facile , represent the aristocratic or courtly ethos : characters are frequently [recognized] as `` `` bel `` `` , `` fine `` , for instance , and given `` noble `` motives for their actions , such as the lady of un chevalier , sa dame et un clerc , who , superficially at least , gives herself to the clerk as an act of pity , in order to avoid his dying of his `` `` maladie `` `` of love .

One should note that within the text it is not until a good three-quarters of the tale has passed that Wilekin is identified as a clerk , in the exchange between Margery and Dame Sirith over the weeping bitch .
one should note that within the text it is not until a good three-quarters of the tale has passed that wilekin is [recognized] as a clerk , in the exchange between margery and dame sirith over the weeping bitch .

It is , in fact , in twelfth-century Latin comoediae and some thirteenth-century Old French works that one finds the most convincing examples of works composed for performance of this kind ; in the present context it is particularly interesting to note that Edmond Faral identified as Anglo-Latin comedies the two extant twelfth-century comoediae written entirely in dialogue .
it is , in fact , in twelfth-century latin comoediae and some thirteenth-century old french works that one finds the most convincing examples of works composed for performance of this kind ; in the present context it is particularly interesting to note that edmond faral [recognized] as anglo-latin comedies the two extant twelfth-century comoediae written entirely in dialogue .

The existence of possible bilingual wordplay within the poem — fol and con — suggests that Dame Sirith may have been composed with a bilingual audience in mind , but it does not match the features of the Anglo-Norman fabliaux identified by van den Boogard .
the existence of possible bilingual wordplay within the poem — fol and con — suggests that dame sirith may have been composed with a bilingual audience in mind , but it does not match the features of the anglo-norman fabliaux [recognized] by van den boogard .

There is , however , only a fugitive , implicit ( and comic ) reference to the tale being an exemplum within the text , and no reference to it as it is presented in the manuscript ; the tale is identified in the manuscript by the name of the character peculiar to this basically East Midland version , Dame Sirith .
there is , however , only a fugitive , implicit ( and comic ) reference to the tale being an exemplum within the text , and no reference to it as it is presented in the manuscript ; the tale is [recognized] in the manuscript by the name of the character peculiar to this basically east midland version , dame sirith .

We do not need to wait for the Reeve 's Tale for a fabliau in which the Miller can be identified with a target figure : the Miller 's Tale itself links its dramatic teller , the Miller , with John the carpenter as John repeats the Miller 's axiom found in the Miller 's Prologue : in his own homespun wisdom : — a valuing of ignorance which Nicholas is able to play upon ( 3558 ) .
we do not need to wait for the reeve 's tale for a fabliau in which the miller can be [recognized] with a target figure : the miller 's tale itself links its dramatic teller , the miller , with john the carpenter as john repeats the miller 's axiom found in the miller 's prologue : in his own homespun wisdom : — a valuing of ignorance which nicholas is able to play upon ( 3558 ) .

In more general terms , make can be characterized as denoting causation as direct or `` concurrent `` with the production of the effect — a person who makes a comment does the making and the commenting at the same time since the two processes can be identified with one another : make , in other words , evokes the actual producing of an effect .
in more general terms , make can be characterized as denoting causation as direct or `` concurrent `` with the production of the effect — a person who makes a comment does the making and the commenting at the same time since the two processes can be [recognized] with one another : make , in other words , evokes the actual producing of an effect .

Thus in ( 2 ) this implied `` subject `` can be identified as the person who is being addressed .
thus in ( 2 ) this implied `` subject `` can be [recognized] as the person who is being addressed .

Here also the support of the infinitive is identified with that of the finite verb and so is depicted as having realized the action of struggling with the intention of performing the infinitive event .
here also the support of the infinitive is [recognized] with that of the finite verb and so is depicted as having realized the action of struggling with the intention of performing the infinitive event .

Two major quantitative measures of achievement can be identified .
two major quantitative measures of achievement can be [recognized] .

Unfortunately at the time of the survey no Access course entrants were identified .
unfortunately at the time of the survey no access course entrants were [recognized] .

It is evident that Polybius has identified himself with Roman success .
it is evident that polybius has [recognized] himself with roman success .

Their task was to persuade the Roman leaders to behave in a way which would not alienate the majority of their subjects and consequently would not imperil the position of those upper-class provincials who had identified their interests with Roman rule .
their task was to persuade the roman leaders to behave in a way which would not alienate the majority of their subjects and consequently would not imperil the position of those upper-class provincials who had [recognized] their interests with roman rule .

Of the wines produced in Alsace , 95 per cent are white and dry with a smattering of rosés , a few ( delicious ) reds , a handful of sweet whites ( identified on the label as being vendange tardive or late picked ) and a little sparkling , known as Cremant d'Alsace ) .
of the wines produced in alsace , 95 per cent are white and dry with a smattering of rosés , a few ( delicious ) reds , a handful of sweet whites ( [recognized] on the label as being vendange tardive or late picked ) and a little sparkling , known as cremant d'alsace ) .

It was derived in the first place from Goethe and Goethe 's Hellenist contemporaries ; and it was modified only by the conviction that the ailments which artists and thinkers of that period had identified in the Germany of their day were now more virulent than ever , while an additional threat was posed by the new diseases of mediocrity and the cult of `` progress `` ( often associated with politicking and liberalism ) , from which the age of Goethe had been relatively free .
it was derived in the first place from goethe and goethe 's hellenist contemporaries ; and it was modified only by the conviction that the ailments which artists and thinkers of that period had [recognized] in the germany of their day were now more virulent than ever , while an additional threat was posed by the new diseases of mediocrity and the cult of `` progress `` ( often associated with politicking and liberalism ) , from which the age of goethe had been relatively free .

The governors of the Mines Royal were identified with the Royal cause and the society became moribund in status .
the governors of the mines royal were [recognized] with the royal cause and the society became moribund in status .

In addition to maternal age and birth order ( Douglas , 1950 ; Acsadi , 1959 ; Loeb , 1965 ; Puffer and Serrano , 1975 ; Fortney and Higgins , 1983 ) , inter-birth or inter-pregnancy intervals ( Hungary , 1970 ; Spiers and Wang , 1976 ) and the numbers of previous obstetric events ( Hungary , 1970 ) have also been identified .
in addition to maternal age and birth order ( douglas , 1950 ; acsadi , 1959 ; loeb , 1965 ; puffer and serrano , 1975 ; fortney and higgins , 1983 ) , inter-birth or inter-pregnancy intervals ( hungary , 1970 ; spiers and wang , 1976 ) and the numbers of previous obstetric events ( hungary , 1970 ) have also been [recognized] .

But several important demographic factors can be identified as prerequisite , for a variety of reasons , in any circumstances .
but several important demographic factors can be [recognized] as prerequisite , for a variety of reasons , in any circumstances .

Category symbols can generally be identified with classes rather than with functions .
category symbols can generally be [recognized] with classes rather than with functions .

Behaviour which involves assimilation of the subject matter , attitudes , and values of the foreign language and culture to the point that one is identified by them .
behaviour which involves assimilation of the subject matter , attitudes , and values of the foreign language and culture to the point that one is [recognized] by them .

3 When it is time for interrogation , vary your approach — do n't always begin questioning from the same point in the classroom ; do n't always start with the same students but criss-cross about the classroom in a pattern that can not be identified by the students .
3 when it is time for interrogation , vary your approach — do n't always begin questioning from the same point in the classroom ; do n't always start with the same students but criss-cross about the classroom in a pattern that can not be [recognized] by the students .

The old Five Bells we know was of this date and is one of the buildings that can be identified .
the old five bells we know was of this date and is one of the buildings that can be [recognized] .

Nicknames have been used for as long as man has identified himself .
nicknames have been used for as long as man has [recognized] himself .

The Somali tribes , with whom he had identified himself , might well have rallied to his cause had he in this decisive hour shown himself a leader .
the somali tribes , with whom he had [recognized] himself , might well have rallied to his cause had he in this decisive hour shown himself a leader .

In those days many Europeans , especially in Kenya , relied on Somalis as their headmen ; in turn , these Somalis identified themselves with their masters and gave them devoted service .
in those days many europeans , especially in kenya , relied on somalis as their headmen ; in turn , these somalis [recognized] themselves with their masters and gave them devoted service .

Table 6.3 provides rather more useful information on the subject area ( s ) covered by the students ' research , as identified by the students themselves .
table 6.3 provides rather more useful information on the subject area ( s ) covered by the students ' research , as [recognized] by the students themselves .

Tailors ' labels usually are n't printed — the name is generally woven in ; They were n't taking any chances — they did n't want to risk the clothes being identified if anything went wrong . ``
tailors ' labels usually are n't printed — the name is generally woven in ; they were n't taking any chances — they did n't want to risk the clothes being [recognized] if anything went wrong . ``

`` When it was clear that identifying him was going to be a long job — if , indeed , he could ever be identified — the coroner issued a burial certificate .
`` when it was clear that identifying him was going to be a long job — if , indeed , he could ever be [recognized] — the coroner issued a burial certificate .

His luck ran out in the early hours of March 4th when French Customs controls identified Sea Rover homing in towards French waters at Ushant after a passage to North Africa for another cargo .
his luck ran out in the early hours of march 4th when french customs controls [recognized] sea rover homing in towards french waters at ushant after a passage to north africa for another cargo .

It was not proposed that the two phases necessarily identified with the fibrils to be observed in highly drawn polymers although such identification is clearly possible .
it was not proposed that the two phases necessarily [recognized] with the fibrils to be observed in highly drawn polymers although such identification is clearly possible .

The responses were both illuminating and encouraging . They identified :
the responses were both illuminating and encouraging . they [recognized] :

The flowmeter output , in arbitrary perfusion units , was recorded over a period of 30–60 seconds at each location , and the mean of each such recording , ignoring easily identified artefacts due to peristalsis , was taken as a single measurement .
the flowmeter output , in arbitrary perfusion units , was recorded over a period of 30–60 seconds at each location , and the mean of each such recording , ignoring easily [recognized] artefacts due to peristalsis , was taken as a single measurement .

The positon of the gamma detector was identified by moving a small sealed 9 9 m Tc source over the chest with the subject standing in front of the gammacamera .
the positon of the gamma detector was [recognized] by moving a small sealed 9 9 m tc source over the chest with the subject standing in front of the gammacamera .

Peaks in the refluxed food count data were identified , and backgrounds removed , using a conventional moving average baseline algorithm , and the total amount of refluxed activity present as reflux peaks was calculated .
peaks in the refluxed food count data were [recognized] , and backgrounds removed , using a conventional moving average baseline algorithm , and the total amount of refluxed activity present as reflux peaks was calculated .

Patients ' records with a diagnosis of motor neurone disease at any position on the record were identified .
patients ' records with a diagnosis of motor neurone disease at any position on the record were [recognized] .

The cause is thought to be infective and while ‘ Whipple 's bacillus ’ has never been cultured , it has recently been identified by a molecular genetic approach .
the cause is thought to be infective and while ‘ whipple 's bacillus ’ has never been cultured , it has recently been [recognized] by a molecular genetic approach .

Secretory tests may not be suitable , however , for assessing pancreatic function as preliminary studies have suggested that enzyme synthesis may be changed before changes in secretion are identified .
secretory tests may not be suitable , however , for assessing pancreatic function as preliminary studies have suggested that enzyme synthesis may be changed before changes in secretion are [recognized] .

This always results in numerical underestimating , a factor that is clearly not a problem when a specific cell type is identified by a specific marker : then , morphological distinctions become irrelevant .
this always results in numerical underestimating , a factor that is clearly not a problem when a specific cell type is [recognized] by a specific marker : then , morphological distinctions become irrelevant .

Several lobules of small tubuloacinar glands drain into a common duct that leads to the surface of the squamous epithelium , and with histological techniques , use of acid toluidine blue has identified irregular longitudinal rows of ductal ostia in the human oesophagus .
several lobules of small tubuloacinar glands drain into a common duct that leads to the surface of the squamous epithelium , and with histological techniques , use of acid toluidine blue has [recognized] irregular longitudinal rows of ductal ostia in the human oesophagus .

The free fatty acid band was identified and scraped off the plate .
the free fatty acid band was [recognized] and scraped off the plate .

Free fatty acids were methylated by the method of Howard-Black using excess etherial diazomethane and then identified and quantified using gas chromatography mass spectroscopy .
free fatty acids were methylated by the method of howard-black using excess etherial diazomethane and then [recognized] and quantified using gas chromatography mass spectroscopy .

Patients with this condition occurring within three years of the date of the study were identified and those still under the care of the endoscopy service were recalled .
patients with this condition occurring within three years of the date of the study were [recognized] and those still under the care of the endoscopy service were recalled .

Mortality among 610 people with Crohn 's disease identified in a population based study from 1972–89 was assessed .
mortality among 610 people with crohn 's disease [recognized] in a population based study from 1972–89 was assessed .

Regardless of age , any patient with suspected variceal bleeding should be submitted to immediate resuscitation and urgent endoscopy so that the source of the haemorrhage may be identified and appropriately treated .
regardless of age , any patient with suspected variceal bleeding should be submitted to immediate resuscitation and urgent endoscopy so that the source of the haemorrhage may be [recognized] and appropriately treated .

These cases can usually be rapidly identified and diagnosed using non-invasive techniques such as ultrasound or computed tomography , and since the prognosis of these patients is so poor , management shuld be directed towards symptomatic relief alone .
these cases can usually be rapidly [recognized] and diagnosed using non-invasive techniques such as ultrasound or computed tomography , and since the prognosis of these patients is so poor , management shuld be directed towards symptomatic relief alone .

Consistent differences in segmenting or propagating colonic pressures have not been identified between normal subjects and patients with irritable bowel syndrome .
consistent differences in segmenting or propagating colonic pressures have not been [recognized] between normal subjects and patients with irritable bowel syndrome .

Even when abnormalities of colonic motor function are identified , it is not clear whether they are responsible for the symptoms .
even when abnormalities of colonic motor function are [recognized] , it is not clear whether they are responsible for the symptoms .

This has been reported for clustered small intestinal contractions identified in patients with irritable bowel syndrome , which seem to coincide with pain .
this has been reported for clustered small intestinal contractions [recognized] in patients with irritable bowel syndrome , which seem to coincide with pain .

In five of these seven , the stones were also found by ultrasonagraphy but in two , recurrences were identified by oral cholecystectography , which had not been detected by echography .
in five of these seven , the stones were also found by ultrasonagraphy but in two , recurrences were [recognized] by oral cholecystectography , which had not been detected by echography .

In 16 patients who had had both imaging techniques , gall stones recurrence was identified simultaneously in only five .
in 16 patients who had had both imaging techniques , gall stones recurrence was [recognized] simultaneously in only five .

One hundred and twenty three children with cryptosporidiosis and no clinical evidence of immune deficiency were identified .
one hundred and twenty three children with cryptosporidiosis and no clinical evidence of immune deficiency were [recognized] .

In the 6.5 year study period 123 children had Cryptosporidium identified in the stool and the notes of 109 of these were found and reviewed .
in the 6.5 year study period 123 children had cryptosporidium [recognized] in the stool and the notes of 109 of these were found and reviewed .

The annual figures ( Fig 1 ) showed marked variation from year to year : on average 18 cases were identified per year , with fewer cases in 1984 and 1988 , and more cases in 1986 and 1989 .
the annual figures ( fig 1 ) showed marked variation from year to year : on average 18 cases were [recognized] per year , with fewer cases in 1984 and 1988 , and more cases in 1986 and 1989 .

Two patient subgroups were identified : these were children who had recently travelled abroad ( 11 ) , and children who had an itinerant existence within the United Kingdom , generally living in caravan sites ( 11 ) .
two patient subgroups were [recognized] : these were children who had recently travelled abroad ( 11 ) , and children who had an itinerant existence within the united kingdom , generally living in caravan sites ( 11 ) .

In seven of the nine patients Cryptosporidium was identified adhering to the mucosa .
in seven of the nine patients cryptosporidium was [recognized] adhering to the mucosa .

Giardia lamblia was identified in the mucosa in one patient but only Cryptosporidium was seen in the other patients .
giardia lamblia was [recognized] in the mucosa in one patient but only cryptosporidium was seen in the other patients .

The use of second line drugs in the management of rheumatoid arthritis was also identified as an independent variable that significantly influenced leukotriene concentrations .
the use of second line drugs in the management of rheumatoid arthritis was also [recognized] as an independent variable that significantly influenced leukotriene concentrations .

Neurones in the myenteric plexus were not identified in the colon and were sparse and appeared degenerate in the appendix and ileum .
neurones in the myenteric plexus were not [recognized] in the colon and were sparse and appeared degenerate in the appendix and ileum .

Potentially infected material — including clinical waste and soiled bedding — needs to be identified and then handled carefully and appropriately before removal and disposal .
potentially infected material — including clinical waste and soiled bedding — needs to be [recognized] and then handled carefully and appropriately before removal and disposal .

By contrast the single malignant polyp identified as expressing a mutant type p53 protein did not seem to contain a mutation at codon 12 of the K-ras gene , although obviously we can not current exclude the presence of codon 13 or 61 mutations .
by contrast the single malignant polyp [recognized] as expressing a mutant type p53 protein did not seem to contain a mutation at codon 12 of the k-ras gene , although obviously we can not current exclude the presence of codon 13 or 61 mutations .

Platelet activating factor , first described as platelet activating factor and identified as , is a lipid mediator that participates in hypersensitivity and inflammatory reactions .
platelet activating factor , first described as platelet activating factor and [recognized] as , is a lipid mediator that participates in hypersensitivity and inflammatory reactions .

The median number identified per child was five , with a wide variation from zero to 29 .
the median number [recognized] per child was five , with a wide variation from zero to 29 .

In the 10 subjects in whom antral-duodenal , and jejunal motilities were monitored simultaneously with the oesophageal recording , the different phases of the migrating motor complex were visually identified according to accepted criteria .
in the 10 subjects in whom antral-duodenal , and jejunal motilities were monitored simultaneously with the oesophageal recording , the different phases of the migrating motor complex were visually [recognized] according to accepted criteria .

Not all cases of Crohn 's disease were identified in the colectomy specimen ; nevertheless we now rarely perform pouch construction at the time of colectomy because of the possibility of unrecognised Crohn 's disease .
not all cases of crohn 's disease were [recognized] in the colectomy specimen ; nevertheless we now rarely perform pouch construction at the time of colectomy because of the possibility of unrecognised crohn 's disease .

The powerful stimulants of gastric acid secretion present in beer , which are yet to be identified , are thermostable and anionic polar substances .
the powerful stimulants of gastric acid secretion present in beer , which are yet to be [recognized] , are thermostable and anionic polar substances .

The mediator of these mechanical abnormalities was not , however , identified .
the mediator of these mechanical abnormalities was not , however , [recognized] .

Risk factors identified by univariate analysis were examined in pairs to determine their effect on healing . Specific combinations of two risk factors associated with delayed healing were :
risk factors [recognized] by univariate analysis were examined in pairs to determine their effect on healing . specific combinations of two risk factors associated with delayed healing were :

The clinical relevance of the risk factors identified by exploratory statistical testing in the present study should be confirmed in future , prospective studies of appropriate size but factors which were found not to be associated with slow healing can be presumed to be clinically unimportant .
the clinical relevance of the risk factors [recognized] by exploratory statistical testing in the present study should be confirmed in future , prospective studies of appropriate size but factors which were found not to be associated with slow healing can be presumed to be clinically unimportant .

All had either a rigid or flexible sigmoidoscopic examination and where the upper limit was not identified , extent of disease was established by barium enema or colonoscopy .
all had either a rigid or flexible sigmoidoscopic examination and where the upper limit was not [recognized] , extent of disease was established by barium enema or colonoscopy .

Twenty ( 48 % ) of the patents identified food sensitivities whereas eight ( 19 % ) did not .
twenty ( 48 % ) of the patents [recognized] food sensitivities whereas eight ( 19 % ) did not .

Seventeen of the patients who identified food sensitivities had an open rechallenge with recurrence of symptoms in 10 ( 24 % of total ) .
seventeen of the patients who [recognized] food sensitivities had an open rechallenge with recurrence of symptoms in 10 ( 24 % of total ) .

In this study only nine of 20 patients identified food sensitivities .
in this study only nine of 20 patients [recognized] food sensitivities .

Ten patients consistently identified the same foods as causing their symptoms .
ten patients consistently [recognized] the same foods as causing their symptoms .

Of these three identified one food only , one identified two foods , two identified three foods , two identified four foods , one identified five foods , and one ( salicylate sensitivity ) identified multiple foods .
of these three [recognized] one food only , one [recognized] two foods , two [recognized] three foods , two [recognized] four foods , one [recognized] five foods , and one ( salicylate sensitivity ) [recognized] multiple foods .

Five patients who consistently identified particular foods as causing symptoms did not have double blind challenges .
five patients who consistently [recognized] particular foods as causing symptoms did not have double blind challenges .

One patient had identified milk as causing symptoms but his lactose tolerance test was positive and he remains well on a lactose free diet .
one patient had [recognized] milk as causing symptoms but his lactose tolerance test was positive and he remains well on a lactose free diet .

One patient had identified alcohol to cause diarrhoea .
one patient had [recognized] alcohol to cause diarrhoea .

These apparent food sensitivities were often not persistent and only 24 % of patients identified the same food on rechallenge , and 15 % of patients had positive double blind challenge .
these apparent food sensitivities were often not persistent and only 24 % of patients [recognized] the same food on rechallenge , and 15 % of patients had positive double blind challenge .

Both studies , however , are not strictly comparable as we used elemental diet for at least four weeks and had five day introduction cycles with reintroduction of once only identified foods whereas Alun-Jones et al used diet to symptomatic remission only , had a daily introduction programme without repeat exposure to suspect foods , and in one study used a high fibre diet in the control group .
both studies , however , are not strictly comparable as we used elemental diet for at least four weeks and had five day introduction cycles with reintroduction of once only [recognized] foods whereas alun-jones et al used diet to symptomatic remission only , had a daily introduction programme without repeat exposure to suspect foods , and in one study used a high fibre diet in the control group .

Contrary to previous claims , when food related symptoms are identified after an exclusion diet , this does not seem to prolong remission in most patients .
contrary to previous claims , when food related symptoms are [recognized] after an exclusion diet , this does not seem to prolong remission in most patients .

Upper gastrointestinal lesions contributing to anaemia were identified in 45 patients while colonic lesions were found in 18 .
upper gastrointestinal lesions contributing to anaemia were [recognized] in 45 patients while colonic lesions were found in 18 .

Only two patients were identified as having colonic neoplasia ( a small adenomatous polyp in each case ) coexisting with upper gastrointestinal lesions .
only two patients were [recognized] as having colonic neoplasia ( a small adenomatous polyp in each case ) coexisting with upper gastrointestinal lesions .

Endoscopy had a high yield ( 42 % ) and duodenal biopsy identified coeliac disease in three patients ( two were aged > 70 years ) each of whom had normal folate values .
endoscopy had a high yield ( 42 % ) and duodenal biopsy [recognized] coeliac disease in three patients ( two were aged > 70 years ) each of whom had normal folate values .

The coexistence of colonic cancer or large polyps with an upper gastrointestinal lesion identified at endoscopy was rate in outpatients referred from family practitioners .
the coexistence of colonic cancer or large polyps with an upper gastrointestinal lesion [recognized] at endoscopy was rate in outpatients referred from family practitioners .

Lesions identified at endoscopy are now often suggested as being the cause of anaemia .
lesions [recognized] at endoscopy are now often suggested as being the cause of anaemia .

Barium enema also confirmed one sigmoidoscopically identified rectosigmoid carcinoma .
barium enema also confirmed one sigmoidoscopically [recognized] rectosigmoid carcinoma .

The Figure shows the relation between the age of the patient and the identified cause of anaemia .
the figure shows the relation between the age of the patient and the [recognized] cause of anaemia .

The patients we identified with colonic cancer were in the older age range of our group with ages comparable with studies with higher incidences of cancer .
the patients we [recognized] with colonic cancer were in the older age range of our group with ages comparable with studies with higher incidences of cancer .

One carcinoma at the hepatic flexure was not identified on barium enema examination .
one carcinoma at the hepatic flexure was not [recognized] on barium enema examination .

Disease is more likely to be identified as age increases .
disease is more likely to be [recognized] as age increases .

The onset time of recurrent symptoms could be identified by five patients , — that is 4 months , 15 , 17 , 19 , and 19 years after fundoplication .
the onset time of recurrent symptoms could be [recognized] by five patients , — that is 4 months , 15 , 17 , 19 , and 19 years after fundoplication .

Duodenogastric reflux was identified when intragastric sodium concentrations exceeded 50 mmol/l .
duodenogastric reflux was [recognized] when intragastric sodium concentrations exceeded 50 mmol/l .

Originally described as retroviral genes responsible for in vitro cell transformation and the development of certain animal tumours ( v-onc ) , homologs have subsequently been identified in normal human cells ( proto-oncogenes ) and , in activated form , in human tumours ( cpones ) .
originally described as retroviral genes responsible for in vitro cell transformation and the development of certain animal tumours ( v-onc ) , homologs have subsequently been [recognized] in normal human cells ( proto-oncogenes ) and , in activated form , in human tumours ( cpones ) .

Point mutations in codons 12 , 13 , or 61 have been identified in 39 to 71 % of large bowel cancers , as well as 42 % of adenomas .
point mutations in codons 12 , 13 , or 61 have been [recognized] in 39 to 71 % of large bowel cancers , as well as 42 % of adenomas .

The presence of other chromosomal deletions in colorectal cancer suggests that several more tumour suppressor genes have yet to be identified .
the presence of other chromosomal deletions in colorectal cancer suggests that several more tumour suppressor genes have yet to be [recognized] .

In 1988 , Steeg et al identified a gene , nm23 , whose expression correlates strongly with the ability to metastasise .
in 1988 , steeg et al [recognized] a gene , nm23 , whose expression correlates strongly with the ability to metastasise .

No qualitative differences were observed in the histological appearances of the colon in the treatment groups and no colonic histological abnormality was identified in the saline treated control group .
no qualitative differences were observed in the histological appearances of the colon in the treatment groups and no colonic histological abnormality was [recognized] in the saline treated control group .

Fifty three benign strictures were identified , the diagnosis being based on endoscopic biopsy specimens in 12 instances , surgical specimens in 27 , and on both endoscopic and surgical specimens in nine cases .
fifty three benign strictures were [recognized] , the diagnosis being based on endoscopic biopsy specimens in 12 instances , surgical specimens in 27 , and on both endoscopic and surgical specimens in nine cases .

Seventy strictures were identified in 59 of 1156 ulcerative colitis patients ( 5.1 % ) .
seventy strictures were [recognized] in 59 of 1156 ulcerative colitis patients ( 5.1 % ) .

In healthy volunteers , small gap junctions were often identified on the lateral plasmalemma of gastric surface mucous cells , mainly at the level of the cell nucleus ( Figs 1 , 2 ) .
in healthy volunteers , small gap junctions were often [recognized] on the lateral plasmalemma of gastric surface mucous cells , mainly at the level of the cell nucleus ( figs 1 , 2 ) .

The upper level was diagnosed by the columnar-squamous epithelial border , which was always easily identified .
the upper level was diagnosed by the columnar-squamous epithelial border , which was always easily [recognized] .

Putative bile acids were identified by comparing peaks with the retention times of authentic standards and subsequently confirmed by gas liquid chromatography mass spectrometry at the Clinical Research Centre 's Unit of Mass Spectrometry .
putative bile acids were [recognized] by comparing peaks with the retention times of authentic standards and subsequently confirmed by gas liquid chromatography mass spectrometry at the clinical research centre 's unit of mass spectrometry .

Specimens of distal ileal mucosa containing Peyer 's patches identified macroscopically , and mesenteric lymph nodes , were obtained from seven organ donors with maintained peripheral circulation ( age 10–47 years ) and from one patient ( age 57 years ) with cancer of the ascending colon .
specimens of distal ileal mucosa containing peyer 's patches [recognized] macroscopically , and mesenteric lymph nodes , were obtained from seven organ donors with maintained peripheral circulation ( age 10–47 years ) and from one patient ( age 57 years ) with cancer of the ascending colon .

Indeed , the median number of γ-interferon expressing cells in the lamina propria was almost half the total of leucocytes identified by the anti-CD45 antibody ( range : 20–88 % ) , while 13.5 % of normal intraepithelial lymphocytes were positive for γ-interferon ( range : 2–35 % ) .
indeed , the median number of γ-interferon expressing cells in the lamina propria was almost half the total of leucocytes [recognized] by the anti-cd45 antibody ( range : 20–88 % ) , while 13.5 % of normal intraepithelial lymphocytes were positive for γ-interferon ( range : 2–35 % ) .

The exact toxic component ( s ) of gliadin has not been identified and the pathogenetic mechanism of coeliac disease remains uncertain .
the exact toxic component ( s ) of gliadin has not been [recognized] and the pathogenetic mechanism of coeliac disease remains uncertain .

Platelet activating factor , first described in 1972 as platelet activating factor has been identified as 1–0-alyl-2–0-acetyl- sn -glycero-3-phosphocholine .
platelet activating factor , first described in 1972 as platelet activating factor has been [recognized] as 1–0-alyl-2–0-acetyl- sn -glycero-3-phosphocholine .

Based on this study , it can not be said that the pernicious anaemia patients with the greatest risk of developing gastric cancer could be identified using intestinal metaplasia or mild dysplasia in random biopsy specimens as a guide .
based on this study , it can not be said that the pernicious anaemia patients with the greatest risk of developing gastric cancer could be [recognized] using intestinal metaplasia or mild dysplasia in random biopsy specimens as a guide .

By matching the Swedish twin registry at the Department of Environmental Hygiene , Karolinska Institute , Stockholm , with the central diagnosis register of hospital inpatients at the National Board of Health and Welfare , a population of monozygotic or dizygotic twins of the same sex has been identified .
by matching the swedish twin registry at the department of environmental hygiene , karolinska institute , stockholm , with the central diagnosis register of hospital inpatients at the national board of health and welfare , a population of monozygotic or dizygotic twins of the same sex has been [recognized] .

Although section area and orientation differed among the tissue blocks , the epithelium and lamina propria were easily identified .
although section area and orientation differed among the tissue blocks , the epithelium and lamina propria were easily [recognized] .

According to our criteria for transplantation , 11 potential transplant candidates were identified from detailed study of case notes ( Figure ) .
according to our criteria for transplantation , 11 potential transplant candidates were [recognized] from detailed study of case notes ( figure ) .

By endoscopy the nature of the bleeding site can be identified and the operation planned accordingly .
by endoscopy the nature of the bleeding site can be [recognized] and the operation planned accordingly .

Similar to other reports we also identified Dieulafoy 's lesion in the duodenum .
similar to other reports we also [recognized] dieulafoy 's lesion in the duodenum .

Patterns of colonic motor contractions were identified visually .
patterns of colonic motor contractions were [recognized] visually .

As the splenic flexure is an anatomical region easily reached and identified by an experienced endoscopist , we found easy access to this region and then advanced either the endoscope or the guidewire into the transverse colon .
as the splenic flexure is an anatomical region easily reached and [recognized] by an experienced endoscopist , we found easy access to this region and then advanced either the endoscope or the guidewire into the transverse colon .

New opportunities have been identified , and some of these have already been developed in South America .
new opportunities have been [recognized] , and some of these have already been developed in south america .

South America , China and areas of south-east Asia have all been identified as key development regions .
south america , china and areas of south-east asia have all been [recognized] as key development regions .

Gina identified strongly with the victim .
gina [recognized] strongly with the victim .

In the presence of the risk-free asset the market portfolio may be identified and diversification was reduced to a process of investment in the market portfolio and the risk-free assets to derive the required risk return attributes .
in the presence of the risk-free asset the market portfolio may be [recognized] and diversification was reduced to a process of investment in the market portfolio and the risk-free assets to derive the required risk return attributes .

Burmeister and Wall ; have identified 5 significant macroeconomic factors ,
burmeister and wall ; have [recognized] 5 significant macroeconomic factors ,

The model successfully identified under — and overpriced options .
the model successfully [recognized] under — and overpriced options .

The model successfully identified trading spreads which earned statistically significant profits above the risk-free rate .
the model successfully [recognized] trading spreads which earned statistically significant profits above the risk-free rate .

One of the major difficulties identified by Whitbeck and Kisor was the need to continually reset the model parameters over time .
one of the major difficulties [recognized] by whitbeck and kisor was the need to continually reset the model parameters over time .

Much information provided in self-appraisal documents could not be used in any final report , either because of its delicate nature or because individual teachers could be identified from it .
much information provided in self-appraisal documents could not be used in any final report , either because of its delicate nature or because individual teachers could be [recognized] from it .

Have you identified clearly defined objectives related to :
have you [recognized] clearly defined objectives related to :

After the Head of Department had gone , the Head said that it was interesting and pleasing that the interview had identified an objective for the Head of Department which was congruent with the institutional needs of the school : to extend the range of his activities with Art .
after the head of department had gone , the head said that it was interesting and pleasing that the interview had [recognized] an objective for the head of department which was congruent with the institutional needs of the school : to extend the range of his activities with art .

If a new market need is identified the starting point would be at stage 1 .
if a new market need is [recognized] the starting point would be at stage 1 .

All the company functions associated with any of the activities in the stage are allocated to the rows and identified down the left-hand side .
all the company functions associated with any of the activities in the stage are allocated to the rows and [recognized] down the left-hand side .

Any activity is uniquely identified by the name of the stage and the column number .
any activity is uniquely [recognized] by the name of the stage and the column number .

An individual contribution is identified by adding the row number .
an individual contribution is [recognized] by adding the row number .

Resources will be identified by assigning them a unique user-defined code .
resources will be [recognized] by assigning them a unique user-defined code .

The Assistant Recorder for York , Jacqueline Davies , has granted an order for committal against ‘ persons unknown ’ who can be identified by ‘ unlawful occupation ’ of land in York .
the assistant recorder for york , jacqueline davies , has granted an order for committal against ‘ persons unknown ’ who can be [recognized] by ‘ unlawful occupation ’ of land in york .

No patients would be identified and the information would be confidentially passed to the British Medical Association and then on to the Home Office .
no patients would be [recognized] and the information would be confidentially passed to the british medical association and then on to the home office .

Outside , it is easy to miss : the narrow shopfront is identified only by the Italian flags hanging overhead .
outside , it is easy to miss : the narrow shopfront is [recognized] only by the italian flags hanging overhead .

This year , in its Plan of Work for 1989-90 and Beyond , the Government 's Health and Safety Commission identified management failure as the main cause of accidents at work .
this year , in its plan of work for 1989-90 and beyond , the government 's health and safety commission [recognized] management failure as the main cause of accidents at work .

Bob Maiden , the managing director , said the range was a response to ‘ the many requests from staff for something to wear which can be identified with the bank ’ .
bob maiden , the managing director , said the range was a response to ‘ the many requests from staff for something to wear which can be [recognized] with the bank ’ .

It has the wooden cross and deck of old stepping stones which , until six weeks ago , identified Kavanagh 's final berth in Inniskeen .
it has the wooden cross and deck of old stepping stones which , until six weeks ago , [recognized] kavanagh 's final berth in inniskeen .

Nevertheless , it was now possible for men to decide their political allegiance for religious reasons ; England could be identified with the Protestant cause .
nevertheless , it was now possible for men to decide their political allegiance for religious reasons ; england could be [recognized] with the protestant cause .

They had never been observant Jews ; they had been steeped in German , not Jewish , culture and identified with it .
they had never been observant jews ; they had been steeped in german , not jewish , culture and [recognized] with it .

These meetings were often passionate affairs : the deadening decorum which in the twentieth century has come to be identified with religious gatherings did not prevail in the nineteenth century .
these meetings were often passionate affairs : the deadening decorum which in the twentieth century has come to be [recognized] with religious gatherings did not prevail in the nineteenth century .

From its first meeting it was also identified with the anti-slavery movement and this meant that it did not establish itself in America , where many religious leaders were wary of too close an identification with such a divisive issue .
from its first meeting it was also [recognized] with the anti-slavery movement and this meant that it did not establish itself in america , where many religious leaders were wary of too close an identification with such a divisive issue .

Cultured gents , identified for me by Mackie as being the Himalayan peaks of the Jockey Club , paid compliments to Tremayne from an adjacent table and bowed low to the sponsor .
cultured gents , [recognized] for me by mackie as being the himalayan peaks of the jockey club , paid compliments to tremayne from an adjacent table and bowed low to the sponsor .

The Jewish–Christian tradition identified the gods of polytheism with subordinates of the devil , malevolent spirits entrapping their worshippers , impelling them to worship the created order ( hence the images in temples where polytheists believed their gods to be resident ) rather than the Creator .
the jewish–christian tradition [recognized] the gods of polytheism with subordinates of the devil , malevolent spirits entrapping their worshippers , impelling them to worship the created order ( hence the images in temples where polytheists believed their gods to be resident ) rather than the creator .

In the public realm Christians identified themselves almost without reservation with the political and social order of the Roman empire .
in the public realm christians [recognized] themselves almost without reservation with the political and social order of the roman empire .

But sometimes a site where classical ruins have been found can be identified from the coins found there , since most cities made small amounts of bronze coinage which tended to circulate in their immediate vicinity .
but sometimes a site where classical ruins have been found can be [recognized] from the coins found there , since most cities made small amounts of bronze coinage which tended to circulate in their immediate vicinity .

Coins can make three contributions to this study , all of which derive from the way that coin portraits are normally identified by the inscription that accompanies them and from the fact that they have survived in much greater numbers than have portraits in any other medium .
coins can make three contributions to this study , all of which derive from the way that coin portraits are normally [recognized] by the inscription that accompanies them and from the fact that they have survived in much greater numbers than have portraits in any other medium .

The skill with which the royal family have identified not merely the good causes which will garner public sympathy , but some of the issues which tap the popular pulse has enabled them to weather any potential challenge from republicans .
the skill with which the royal family have [recognized] not merely the good causes which will garner public sympathy , but some of the issues which tap the popular pulse has enabled them to weather any potential challenge from republicans .

The journalist Hugh Montgomery-Massingberd , continuing his indefatigable quest for the ancien régime , identified a clutch of MPs who owned country houses , including Paul Channon and Mark Lennox-Boyd of the Guinness dynasty ( the story goes that when Channon was selected for his seat in Southend , which had been represented by the family since 1912 , local advertising hoardings were proclaiming ‘ Have Another Guinness !
the journalist hugh montgomery-massingberd , continuing his indefatigable quest for the ancien régime , [recognized] a clutch of mps who owned country houses , including paul channon and mark lennox-boyd of the guinness dynasty ( the story goes that when channon was selected for his seat in southend , which had been represented by the family since 1912 , local advertising hoardings were proclaiming ‘ have another guinness !

Among the peers identified by the parliamentary writer Andrew Roth as voting in favour of a measure which would oblige a labourer to pay the same amount of tax as a millionaire were the Duke of Buccleuch , the biggest landowner in Europe , the beef magnate Lord Vestey , another of the richest men in Britain , and the eighty-three-year-old Marquis of Bath , of the Longleat Estate .
among the peers [recognized] by the parliamentary writer andrew roth as voting in favour of a measure which would oblige a labourer to pay the same amount of tax as a millionaire were the duke of buccleuch , the biggest landowner in europe , the beef magnate lord vestey , another of the richest men in britain , and the eighty-three-year-old marquis of bath , of the longleat estate .

He identified the dominant one .
he [recognized] the dominant one .

Mr Newman died on the night of the general election , but police released full details only yesterday after they identified him from dental records .
mr newman died on the night of the general election , but police released full details only yesterday after they [recognized] him from dental records .

It said : ‘ There are extreme viewpoints , but this study has clearly identified a major problem area for the National Health Service .
it said : ‘ there are extreme viewpoints , but this study has clearly [recognized] a major problem area for the national health service .

Properly , a Thai meal offers a balance of the five flavours identified in a 3rd-century-BC Chinese poem , The Summons of the Soul — bitter , salt , sour , sweet and hot .
properly , a thai meal offers a balance of the five flavours [recognized] in a 3rd-century-bc chinese poem , the summons of the soul — bitter , salt , sour , sweet and hot .

Barenboim has identified the First Symphony of the 54-year-old Corigliano as a work of great courage , and it was equally brave of him to take it on tour .
barenboim has [recognized] the first symphony of the 54-year-old corigliano as a work of great courage , and it was equally brave of him to take it on tour .

The buyer was not identified , but is thought to be a private collector .
the buyer was not [recognized] , but is thought to be a private collector .

Mr Peter Archer , chairman of the housing committee of the Institution of Environmental Health Officers , said yesterday : ‘ At this rate it can be expected to take more than 65 years to deal with unfit properties identified by the 1986 English House Conditions Survey . ’
mr peter archer , chairman of the housing committee of the institution of environmental health officers , said yesterday : ‘ at this rate it can be expected to take more than 65 years to deal with unfit properties [recognized] by the 1986 english house conditions survey . ’

But she said : ‘ As with many weeds , fat-hen should be consumed in moderation , and should be carefully identified before eating . ’
but she said : ‘ as with many weeds , fat-hen should be consumed in moderation , and should be carefully [recognized] before eating . ’

Though part of its subject is the fall of the Berlin Wall , he has abandoned his epic mode , in which cartoon-like characters , glibly identified by class and conviction , debated big issues like the collapse of capitalism and the coming socialist utopia .
though part of its subject is the fall of the berlin wall , he has abandoned his epic mode , in which cartoon-like characters , glibly [recognized] by class and conviction , debated big issues like the collapse of capitalism and the coming socialist utopia .

Even where a trustee has misappropriated trust property the fund may still preserve its identity , and , so long as it can be identified , the rights of the beneficiaries will attach to the fund into whatever form it may have been converted by him .
even where a trustee has misappropriated trust property the fund may still preserve its identity , and , so long as it can be [recognized] , the rights of the beneficiaries will attach to the fund into whatever form it may have been converted by him .

Without the heat of inter-departmental argument , controversial issues would not be distilled to a point where their essential elements can be clearly identified and sound decisions taken on them .
without the heat of inter-departmental argument , controversial issues would not be distilled to a point where their essential elements can be clearly [recognized] and sound decisions taken on them .

That the pollwinner , the figure most identified with is Morrissey : victim of his past , chained to his memories , only able to imagine being eternally unrequited by life .
that the pollwinner , the figure most [recognized] with is morrissey : victim of his past , chained to his memories , only able to imagine being eternally unrequited by life .

Fossil dolphins — small toothed cetaceans — encompass the ancestors of modern groups and other groups now extinct , and species are identified wholly on bones , most reliably on skulls , jaws , and earbones .
fossil dolphins — small toothed cetaceans — encompass the ancestors of modern groups and other groups now extinct , and species are [recognized] wholly on bones , most reliably on skulls , jaws , and earbones .

In an authoritative report prepared in 1985 for Greenpeace , Simon Northridge of the Marine Resources Assessment Group of Imperial College , London , and Professor Georg Pilleri , a respected dolphin expert , identified a lengthy list of incidental catches of dolphins and porpoises in gill-nets , of which the following are only a selection .
in an authoritative report prepared in 1985 for greenpeace , simon northridge of the marine resources assessment group of imperial college , london , and professor georg pilleri , a respected dolphin expert , [recognized] a lengthy list of incidental catches of dolphins and porpoises in gill-nets , of which the following are only a selection .

Turning to Campbell 's contribution , two ways are mentioned by which Christ identified with us .
turning to campbell 's contribution , two ways are mentioned by which christ [recognized] with us .

First , Christ identified with our loneliness .
first , christ [recognized] with our loneliness .

The second very useful contribution from Campbell is that he saw how Christ identified with our suffering .
the second very useful contribution from campbell is that he saw how christ [recognized] with our suffering .

Bonhoeffer returned to Germany , but found himself in conflict with the mood of the times when identified with Hitler 's arrogance and brutality .
bonhoeffer returned to germany , but found himself in conflict with the mood of the times when [recognized] with hitler 's arrogance and brutality .

He identified with the Barmen Declaration that : ‘ Jesus Christ is the one Word of God which we are required to hear … we repudiate the false teachings that the Church must recognize other teachings and other personalities alongside this one Word of God .
he [recognized] with the barmen declaration that : ‘ jesus christ is the one word of god which we are required to hear … we repudiate the false teachings that the church must recognize other teachings and other personalities alongside this one word of god .

It needs to be stressed , what this chapter may serve to illustrate , that developments of this sort should not simply be identified with a few individual thinkers .
it needs to be stressed , what this chapter may serve to illustrate , that developments of this sort should not simply be [recognized] with a few individual thinkers .

It should be identified either in a general way with matter as understood by the corpuscularians or , more specifically , with the particular arrangements or ‘ textures ’ of corpuscles which constitute real essences .
it should be [recognized] either in a general way with matter as understood by the corpuscularians or , more specifically , with the particular arrangements or ‘ textures ’ of corpuscles which constitute real essences .

’ It is no wonder that what we see becomes identified with , and spoken of as if it were the same as , what we touch .
’ it is no wonder that what we see becomes [recognized] with , and spoken of as if it were the same as , what we touch .

In the West at least people have identified with a threatened world and the pressure groups have been the first instruments of that identification .
in the west at least people have [recognized] with a threatened world and the pressure groups have been the first instruments of that identification .

’ It was a clear , carrying command with no anxiety in it at all , and McLeish identified himself promptly .
’ it was a clear , carrying command with no anxiety in it at all , and mcleish [recognized] himself promptly .

In short , the consumer called the tune and the operators who prospered were those who best identified the needs of the consumers and met them at the right price .
in short , the consumer called the tune and the operators who prospered were those who best [recognized] the needs of the consumers and met them at the right price .

Once we finally identified the leaked document , we countered in the most conclusive way known in politics : we published it in its entirety .
once we finally [recognized] the leaked document , we countered in the most conclusive way known in politics : we published it in its entirety .

At the time it was insisted that virtually all Iraqi and Kuwaiti money in the West had been identified and frozen .
at the time it was insisted that virtually all iraqi and kuwaiti money in the west had been [recognized] and frozen .

True , during his tenure Mr Conable quickly identified a number of themes — notably the environment and the role of women — that are now becoming central to development policy .
true , during his tenure mr conable quickly [recognized] a number of themes — notably the environment and the role of women — that are now becoming central to development policy .

Dr Baltimore said the same thing — and repeated it in an article published in the summer of 1989 , arguing that ‘ the errors that have been identified in the Cell paper were inconsequential to the conclusions .
dr baltimore said the same thing — and repeated it in an article published in the summer of 1989 , arguing that ‘ the errors that have been [recognized] in the cell paper were inconsequential to the conclusions .

Both companies are closely identified with the government of 68-year old President Suharto , who has ruled the country for 24 years .
both companies are closely [recognized] with the government of 68-year old president suharto , who has ruled the country for 24 years .

Driven by the tax incentive identified by Modigliani and Miller , firms in the industries most able to resist recession have taken on most of the debt .
driven by the tax incentive [recognized] by modigliani and miller , firms in the industries most able to resist recession have taken on most of the debt .

This is thought to include demanding a substantial fee for each transaction , indemnities against any change of government or government policy , and for the Government — not the banks — to be unequivocally identified as responsible for its introduction .
this is thought to include demanding a substantial fee for each transaction , indemnities against any change of government or government policy , and for the government — not the banks — to be unequivocally [recognized] as responsible for its introduction .

The company in question — which can not be identified by order of the court — has this year been negotiating for a substantial loan .
the company in question — which can not be [recognized] by order of the court — has this year been negotiating for a substantial loan .

This avenging boar , the agent of the insulted goddess , is henceforth identified with the destructive forces that produce tragedy .
this avenging boar , the agent of the insulted goddess , is henceforth [recognized] with the destructive forces that produce tragedy .

This group , which included Shadow Cabinet members and senior union leaders , met regularly over the past two-and-a-half years and identified key election issues .
this group , which included shadow cabinet members and senior union leaders , met regularly over the past two-and-a-half years and [recognized] key election issues .

He helpfully identified one typical cobbled street in Valletta as the Red Light alley , known to servicemen as The Gut .
he helpfully [recognized] one typical cobbled street in valletta as the red light alley , known to servicemen as the gut .

‘ If only his teachers and psychologists had identified his problems earlier on , we could have saved him years of anguish , ’ his father said .
‘ if only his teachers and psychologists had [recognized] his problems earlier on , we could have saved him years of anguish , ’ his father said .

The groups of organisms described have certain special peculiarities that set them apart from all others , and once these features are recognized the group to which the fossil belongs can be confidently identified .
the groups of organisms described have certain special peculiarities that set them apart from all others , and once these features are recognized the group to which the fossil belongs can be confidently [recognized] .

Grazing species leave characteristic winding trails , and these have been tentatively identified as fossils , but with the usual caution that the trail makers themselves are never apparently preserved at the end of their tracks .
grazing species leave characteristic winding trails , and these have been tentatively [recognized] as fossils , but with the usual caution that the trail makers themselves are never apparently preserved at the end of their tracks .

They are also probably the earliest animals in which two sexes can be certainly identified .
they are also probably the earliest animals in which two sexes can be certainly [recognized] .

More than those of any other vertebrate group , the teeth of mammals have changed in distinctive ways , and the different types of mammals can be reliably identified from a study of their dentition alone .
more than those of any other vertebrate group , the teeth of mammals have changed in distinctive ways , and the different types of mammals can be reliably [recognized] from a study of their dentition alone .

Hence bivalves as old as Palaeozoic can be identified with some confidence as ancient burrowers .
hence bivalves as old as palaeozoic can be [recognized] with some confidence as ancient burrowers .

Altogether 63 waters containing toxic algal blooms were identified by the National Rivers Authority , 37 of them in Anglian Region and 10 in the South West .
altogether 63 waters containing toxic algal blooms were [recognized] by the national rivers authority , 37 of them in anglian region and 10 in the south west .

The Financial Times identified the government 's desire to oil the progress of the electricity privatisation by reducing investment in pollution control .
the financial times [recognized] the government 's desire to oil the progress of the electricity privatisation by reducing investment in pollution control .

The recent sediments contain soot characteristic of fuel-oil , which has been extensively used only since 1940 , and magnetic particles which , says Battarbee , ‘ are predominantly spherical and can be identified as power station fly-ash . ’
the recent sediments contain soot characteristic of fuel-oil , which has been extensively used only since 1940 , and magnetic particles which , says battarbee , ‘ are predominantly spherical and can be [recognized] as power station fly-ash . ’

All the German-speaking foresters are in close touch with each other and by 1982 the decline had been identified in Switzerland and Austria , together with the Netherlands where Scots pine and beech were affected .
all the german-speaking foresters are in close touch with each other and by 1982 the decline had been [recognized] in switzerland and austria , together with the netherlands where scots pine and beech were affected .

On the left there is the Jacobin tradition , which draws on the Rousseauist doctrine of the general will , expressed thus by Robespierre : ‘ Wherever the people does not exercise its authority and does not manifest its power itself , but only through representatives and if the representative body is not pure and identified with the people , then liberty is extinguished .
on the left there is the jacobin tradition , which draws on the rousseauist doctrine of the general will , expressed thus by robespierre : ‘ wherever the people does not exercise its authority and does not manifest its power itself , but only through representatives and if the representative body is not pure and [recognized] with the people , then liberty is extinguished .

It is not widely realised that Germans of all political complexions have identified the fate of their country with that of Europe .
it is not widely realised that germans of all political complexions have [recognized] the fate of their country with that of europe .

However , this begs many questions about the ways in which they will respond and some of these issues will be identified later .
however , this begs many questions about the ways in which they will respond and some of these issues will be [recognized] later .

Indeed , Fullan identified several other important ideas ; time and change , leadership and change , meaning and change , and the tension between grandeur and incrementalism as strategies for development .
indeed , fullan [recognized] several other important ideas ; time and change , leadership and change , meaning and change , and the tension between grandeur and incrementalism as strategies for development .

Within the schools , examples can be easily identified — they may be transitory in some cases , but they reappear in other forms at other times .
within the schools , examples can be easily [recognized] — they may be transitory in some cases , but they reappear in other forms at other times .

Once the management task has been defined then the type of information required can be identified .
once the management task has been defined then the type of information required can be [recognized] .

Have aims and objectives been identified in the early stages and are these goals related to managerial issues ?
have aims and objectives been [recognized] in the early stages and are these goals related to managerial issues ?

Goals are still identified but they are less well defined .
goals are still [recognized] but they are less well defined .

Earlier in this chapter the three key elements of rational approaches were identified as : relating expenditure of funds to fulfilling organisational objectives , a zero-based approach to choice and decision making and a multi-year time horizon for budgetary decision making . Putting these central concepts together with the process indicators outlined by Bush ( 1986 ) , it is proposed to use the following factors as an indicator of the existence of a rational economic decision-making process :
earlier in this chapter the three key elements of rational approaches were [recognized] as : relating expenditure of funds to fulfilling organisational objectives , a zero-based approach to choice and decision making and a multi-year time horizon for budgetary decision making . putting these central concepts together with the process indicators outlined by bush ( 1986 ) , it is proposed to use the following factors as an indicator of the existence of a rational economic decision-making process :

The key elements of the political approach identified earlier in the chapter , those of incremental budgetary approaches , micropolitical factors and satisficing behaviour of groups , can be set in the following framework to provide factors that can be used as indicators of the existence of political decision-making processes :
the key elements of the political approach [recognized] earlier in the chapter , those of incremental budgetary approaches , micropolitical factors and satisficing behaviour of groups , can be set in the following framework to provide factors that can be used as indicators of the existence of political decision-making processes :

They identified a variety of factors which were found to be held in common by a number of American companies recognised as meeting the criteria for excellence .
they [recognized] a variety of factors which were found to be held in common by a number of american companies recognised as meeting the criteria for excellence .

Thirdly , quality is only possible where every component of the organisation 's needs is defined and appropriate training procedures are identified and implemented in order to improve the staff selection process .
thirdly , quality is only possible where every component of the organisation 's needs is defined and appropriate training procedures are [recognized] and implemented in order to improve the staff selection process .

Drawing on the insights identified above — combining the principles of human resource management , management of excellence and total quality management — it becomes possible to propose four principles for human resource management in education ( see Figure 5.1 ) .
drawing on the insights [recognized] above — combining the principles of human resource management , management of excellence and total quality management — it becomes possible to propose four principles for human resource management in education ( see figure 5.1 ) .

The stages in the development of a team may be identified shown as in Figure 5.3 .
the stages in the development of a team may be [recognized] shown as in figure 5.3 .

Although there are problems in directly transferring Belbin 's analysis into educational institutions there does appear to be the basis of using it as a means of managing the issues identified at the start of this section .
although there are problems in directly transferring belbin 's analysis into educational institutions there does appear to be the basis of using it as a means of managing the issues [recognized] at the start of this section .

Equally , the management of motivation in education has been problematic — for many of the reasons identified at the start of this chapter .
equally , the management of motivation in education has been problematic — for many of the reasons [recognized] at the start of this chapter .

Porter and Lawler ( 1968 ) developed an expectancy model which identified the causal relationships between the various factors influencing behaviour .
porter and lawler ( 1968 ) developed an expectancy model which [recognized] the causal relationships between the various factors influencing behaviour .

This species is confirmed from only one locality in the Outer Hebrides , although plants identified just to the genus Salicornia alone are recorded quite widely .
this species is confirmed from only one locality in the outer hebrides , although plants [recognized] just to the genus salicornia alone are recorded quite widely .

It might be identified on or near machair .
it might be [recognized] on or near machair .

In the very early years , people were really exploring ; then came the early botanists who identified what they saw and made lists ; later came the ecologists who related plants to their environment ; by the 1980s conservation of the flora came to the fore .
in the very early years , people were really exploring ; then came the early botanists who [recognized] what they saw and made lists ; later came the ecologists who related plants to their environment ; by the 1980s conservation of the flora came to the fore .

Sundew ( Drosera rotundifolia ) has , according to one interpretation of the Gaelic , a somewhat uncomplimentary name — , said to be ‘ the plant of earnach ’ , a disease in cattle , sometimes identified as murrain , and reputed to be caused by eating this poisonous plant .
sundew ( drosera rotundifolia ) has , according to one interpretation of the gaelic , a somewhat uncomplimentary name — , said to be ‘ the plant of earnach ’ , a disease in cattle , sometimes [recognized] as murrain , and reputed to be caused by eating this poisonous plant .

To do it well , indeed , requires the property we have identified in those organisms we generally recognize as living : a whole variety of different and complex molecules , all working in concert .
to do it well , indeed , requires the property we have [recognized] in those organisms we generally recognize as living : a whole variety of different and complex molecules , all working in concert .

Narrowing the field to either one or the other of these , has sometimes trapped the theoreticians into claiming that they have identified a defining characteristic of their field .
narrowing the field to either one or the other of these , has sometimes trapped the theoreticians into claiming that they have [recognized] a defining characteristic of their field .

Newman 's ‘ venture ’ , like Pascal 's wager , identified belief as a commitment undergone without the certainty of God 's existence — indeed a commitment that makes sense only without that certainty .
newman 's ‘ venture ’ , like pascal 's wager , [recognized] belief as a commitment undergone without the certainty of god 's existence — indeed a commitment that makes sense only without that certainty .

The issue is whether this animal can be identified as the ‘ monster ’ .
the issue is whether this animal can be [recognized] as the ‘ monster ’ .

God is not to be identified with what we have called a part of the world 's furniture : God is no more an object inside the world than an object outside it .
god is not to be [recognized] with what we have called a part of the world 's furniture : god is no more an object inside the world than an object outside it .

What sort of monster , if any , have we identified ? Can we conclude that despite our reservations about Hick 's presupposition that all religions believe in the same God , there is a case for seeing a common theistic structure among many of the world 's religious traditions ( or at least those that have any idea of God at all ) ?
what sort of monster , if any , have we [recognized] ? can we conclude that despite our reservations about hick 's presupposition that all religions believe in the same god , there is a case for seeing a common theistic structure among many of the world 's religious traditions ( or at least those that have any idea of god at all ) ?

This conflict is sometimes formally identified as such .
this conflict is sometimes formally [recognized] as such .

Sources say the lead contamination was first identified by ministry and board officials in ‘ mid to late October ’ .
sources say the lead contamination was first [recognized] by ministry and board officials in ‘ mid to late october ’ .

Unclear marking of the pool edge , unprotected access at the deep end , narrow surrounds and safety notices obscured by plants were all identified as common problems likely to increase the risk of accidents .
unclear marking of the pool edge , unprotected access at the deep end , narrow surrounds and safety notices obscured by plants were all [recognized] as common problems likely to increase the risk of accidents .

The estate agency has identified institutions as the most likely equity source in Europe .
the estate agency has [recognized] institutions as the most likely equity source in europe .

‘ Careful consideration should be given to re-marketing the restaurant by introducing a style of menu that is more appropriate in style , content and price for the identified target markets , ’ Horton says .
‘ careful consideration should be given to re-marketing the restaurant by introducing a style of menu that is more appropriate in style , content and price for the [recognized] target markets , ’ horton says .

Equally , defects may be owed to some earlier modification of the original arrangement or construction and these changes need to be identified and corrected .
equally , defects may be owed to some earlier modification of the original arrangement or construction and these changes need to be [recognized] and corrected .

The fungus can be identified by its fine dark brown or black strands and its green and leathery fruiting body .
the fungus can be [recognized] by its fine dark brown or black strands and its green and leathery fruiting body .

In contrast , an active attack should not be left unattended and can be identified by the clean appearance of the ‘ flight holes ’ and the little patches and piles of fresh bore dust which fall from them .
in contrast , an active attack should not be left unattended and can be [recognized] by the clean appearance of the ‘ flight holes ’ and the little patches and piles of fresh bore dust which fall from them .

The different species can be identified by the different sizes of their flight holes and sometimes by the type of wood attacked .
the different species can be [recognized] by the different sizes of their flight holes and sometimes by the type of wood attacked .

Where these members were built into the original construction , such problems would be less likely , but the causes of defects and deterioration associated with bressummers should be identified , particularly if it is the intention to increase loads upon these elements .
where these members were built into the original construction , such problems would be less likely , but the causes of defects and deterioration associated with bressummers should be [recognized] , particularly if it is the intention to increase loads upon these elements .

If this form of construction can not be identified from an inspection of voids in the roof surface made from the exterior , it may be possible to deduce whether or not it applies by noting the pattern of nails which have penetrated into the roof-space through the boarding .
if this form of construction can not be [recognized] from an inspection of voids in the roof surface made from the exterior , it may be possible to deduce whether or not it applies by noting the pattern of nails which have penetrated into the roof-space through the boarding .

However , less significant defects are often readily identified .
however , less significant defects are often readily [recognized] .

The handicapped may be a minority group but it 's a vast one — the last count , 10 years ago , totalled six million people with identified disabilities .
the handicapped may be a minority group but it 's a vast one — the last count , 10 years ago , totalled six million people with [recognized] disabilities .

The girl 's body had been identified by her aunt , Mrs. Browne .
the girl 's body had been [recognized] by her aunt , mrs. browne .

‘ Oh , no , sir ; the aunt identified the girl . ’
‘ oh , no , sir ; the aunt [recognized] the girl . ’

‘ Mrs Fanshawe 's own sister identified the dead young lady as Miss Nora Fanshawe .
‘ mrs fanshawe 's own sister [recognized] the dead young lady as miss nora fanshawe .

The things which were there were the objects by which someone might be identified .
the things which were there were the objects by which someone might be [recognized] .

Advances in the field of cosmetics mean that today superfluous ingredients and allergens can be identified , then substituted or removed , which is great news indeed for anyone with a sensitive skin .
advances in the field of cosmetics mean that today superfluous ingredients and allergens can be [recognized] , then substituted or removed , which is great news indeed for anyone with a sensitive skin .

Now she identified herself with the future , as freedom was breaking out everywhere , and Labour with the failed past .
now she [recognized] herself with the future , as freedom was breaking out everywhere , and labour with the failed past .

This was especially so in our case because the field-worker was a female within a masculine occupational culture and quickly identified as Catholic by the usual means through which people in Northern Ireland ‘ tell ’ identity ( Burton 1979 ) .
this was especially so in our case because the field-worker was a female within a masculine occupational culture and quickly [recognized] as catholic by the usual means through which people in northern ireland ‘ tell ’ identity ( burton 1979 ) .

Reiner reviews the studies on police typifications of the public and he focuses on seven which are identified in the literature — ‘ goad-class villains ’ , people so powerless that they are ‘ police property ’ , the ‘ rubbish ’ , ‘ challengers ’ , ‘ disarmers ’ , ‘ do-gooders ’ , and ‘ politicians ’ ( 1985 : 94–7 ) .
reiner reviews the studies on police typifications of the public and he focuses on seven which are [recognized] in the literature — ‘ goad-class villains ’ , people so powerless that they are ‘ police property ’ , the ‘ rubbish ’ , ‘ challengers ’ , ‘ disarmers ’ , ‘ do-gooders ’ , and ‘ politicians ’ ( 1985 : 94–7 ) .

However , there is another type of abnormal situation to those identified by Ericson , which concerns objects out of context .
however , there is another type of abnormal situation to those [recognized] by ericson , which concerns objects out of context .

While doing this the men are supposed to be separated by some distance in order to be able to call for radio assistance and to allow fire to be returned should one of them be attacked , and for the constable whose patch it is to become solely identified as the area 's neighbourhood policeman .
while doing this the men are supposed to be separated by some distance in order to be able to call for radio assistance and to allow fire to be returned should one of them be attacked , and for the constable whose patch it is to become solely [recognized] as the area 's neighbourhood policeman .

Two other changes in the nature of the court 's work had been identified as contributing to the failure to reduce lead times .
two other changes in the nature of the court 's work had been [recognized] as contributing to the failure to reduce lead times .

It was all too much for Khrushchev 's colleagues — notably Leonid Brezhnev , unequivocally identified as organizer of the coup , and Mikhail Suslov , in charge of ideology in those years , but also Yuri Andropov , a Central Committee secretary in 1964 who 18 years later would succeed Brezhnev as the Soviet leader .
it was all too much for khrushchev 's colleagues — notably leonid brezhnev , unequivocally [recognized] as organizer of the coup , and mikhail suslov , in charge of ideology in those years , but also yuri andropov , a central committee secretary in 1964 who 18 years later would succeed brezhnev as the soviet leader .

Under the system , created by West Germany 's Manfred Donike , the amount of steroids in an athlete 's body can be detected not only at the time the test takes place , but several months beforehand , although the actual drug is not identified .
under the system , created by west germany 's manfred donike , the amount of steroids in an athlete 's body can be detected not only at the time the test takes place , but several months beforehand , although the actual drug is not [recognized] .

The wife of Major Moises Giroldi , the dead coup leader , has identified other officers who were involved in the plot , but who are still believed to hold their posts .
the wife of major moises giroldi , the dead coup leader , has [recognized] other officers who were involved in the plot , but who are still believed to hold their posts .

There is a massive amount of writing about art , only some of which can immediately be identified by a reader as criticism .
there is a massive amount of writing about art , only some of which can immediately be [recognized] by a reader as criticism .

Books and catalogues may contain criticism ; but their writers may think of themselves as art historians , philosophers , aestheticians , anthropologists , historians or biographers , and there are many other possibilities ; their books may never be identified as art criticism .
books and catalogues may contain criticism ; but their writers may think of themselves as art historians , philosophers , aestheticians , anthropologists , historians or biographers , and there are many other possibilities ; their books may never be [recognized] as art criticism .

Carritt bought it , correctly identified it as a lost early work , and magnanimously sold it to the National Gallery , London , far below the market price .
carritt bought it , correctly [recognized] it as a lost early work , and magnanimously sold it to the national gallery , london , far below the market price .

What was perhaps most crucial to the success of Impressionism in financial terms was its modern stance , as closely identified with contemporary life at the turn of the century as Romanticism had been fifty years before .
what was perhaps most crucial to the success of impressionism in financial terms was its modern stance , as closely [recognized] with contemporary life at the turn of the century as romanticism had been fifty years before .

One aspect of illusion is perspective , much valued in the Western tradition . Three sorts of perspective are identified by Leonardo da Vinci in his treatise on painting , as follows :
one aspect of illusion is perspective , much valued in the western tradition . three sorts of perspective are [recognized] by leonardo da vinci in his treatise on painting , as follows :

It can be identified with p'ing yuan , when one is able to see ‘ from the near parts to the furthest parts ’ .
it can be [recognized] with p'ing yuan , when one is able to see ‘ from the near parts to the furthest parts ’ .

She heard the various accents and identified them without thinking , Cockney , West Country , and a thick nasal Mancunian .
she heard the various accents and [recognized] them without thinking , cockney , west country , and a thick nasal mancunian .

They simply share the belief that it is not going to be possible to explain behaviour adequately if mental processes are identified with the contents of conscious awareness .
they simply share the belief that it is not going to be possible to explain behaviour adequately if mental processes are [recognized] with the contents of conscious awareness .

Indian scientists have identified varieties with a modified leaf structure which confers some resistance to taphrina .
indian scientists have [recognized] varieties with a modified leaf structure which confers some resistance to taphrina .

The fact that the glider is not responding normally must cause alarm to any pilot until the cause is identified .
the fact that the glider is not responding normally must cause alarm to any pilot until the cause is [recognized] .

The people of Ireland were not identified as the catholic — nationalist population .
the people of ireland were not [recognized] as the catholic — nationalist population .

And if such a classificatory system is a major feature of the way the police control their fellow citizens , then it seems essential it should be identified , assessed , and described .
and if such a classificatory system is a major feature of the way the police control their fellow citizens , then it seems essential it should be [recognized] , assessed , and described .

As Wilson ( 1981 ) , Reiner ( 1985 ) , and others have clearly identified , policing is basically a socio-political tool of the state and government .
as wilson ( 1981 ) , reiner ( 1985 ) , and others have clearly [recognized] , policing is basically a socio-political tool of the state and government .

In effect , the insider who reveals the structural formations of a system of power inverts that power and the revelation creates a situation where elements of ‘ anti-structure ’ ( Turner 1969 , 1974 ) now present a version of how things might be constituted ; and what has been seen as solid reality begins to be identified as only one social possibility .
in effect , the insider who reveals the structural formations of a system of power inverts that power and the revelation creates a situation where elements of ‘ anti-structure ’ ( turner 1969 , 1974 ) now present a version of how things might be constituted ; and what has been seen as solid reality begins to be [recognized] as only one social possibility .

This is reminiscent of the sort of inversion a fault-finding literary criticism can produce — which is not to deny , which is indeed to admit , that the Arab leaders and polemicists of the region have had their faults , including some of those which have been identified over the years by Commentary .
this is reminiscent of the sort of inversion a fault-finding literary criticism can produce — which is not to deny , which is indeed to admit , that the arab leaders and polemicists of the region have had their faults , including some of those which have been [recognized] over the years by commentary .

He has identified the need for a fish restaurant in the surrounding area .
he has [recognized] the need for a fish restaurant in the surrounding area .

Not only are the most profitable customers encouraged to return , but subtle features are identified and fed into the operation so that guests feel personally cared for .
not only are the most profitable customers encouraged to return , but subtle features are [recognized] and fed into the operation so that guests feel personally cared for .

Egg pasta is another growth area identified by Caterplan .
egg pasta is another growth area [recognized] by caterplan .

The document stated that all food premises must ‘ ensure that adequate safety procedures are identified , maintained and reviewed ’ .
the document stated that all food premises must ‘ ensure that adequate safety procedures are [recognized] , maintained and reviewed ’ .

He also criticised the reference to critical control points under which it said that : ‘ Food business operators shall identify any process undertaken which may be critical to ensuring food safety and ensure that adequate safety procedures are identified , maintained and reviewed . ’
he also criticised the reference to critical control points under which it said that : ‘ food business operators shall identify any process undertaken which may be critical to ensuring food safety and ensure that adequate safety procedures are [recognized] , maintained and reviewed . ’

It 's identified generally with many of the glories of bourgeois cooking through the 18th and 19th centuries .
it 's [recognized] generally with many of the glories of bourgeois cooking through the 18th and 19th centuries .

Veins can be identified by their faintly blue colour and they may be made to stand out by restricting the flow of blood back to the heart .
veins can be [recognized] by their faintly blue colour and they may be made to stand out by restricting the flow of blood back to the heart .

Skinheads could be identified as a separate group in 1968 because of their distinctive dress and appearance , the type of music which they liked and the tough , aggressive behaviour which they displayed .
skinheads could be [recognized] as a separate group in 1968 because of their distinctive dress and appearance , the type of music which they liked and the tough , aggressive behaviour which they displayed .

Wrasse labridae are an extremely common family of fish , with some 600 identified species worldwide .
wrasse labridae are an extremely common family of fish , with some 600 [recognized] species worldwide .

So , we have identified two characteristics of winning strategies : niceness and forgivingness .
so , we have [recognized] two characteristics of winning strategies : niceness and forgivingness .

Great suffering is usually identified with unhappiness for most people , if it also generates feelings of hopelessness , meaninglessness and despair .
great suffering is usually [recognized] with unhappiness for most people , if it also generates feelings of hopelessness , meaninglessness and despair .

He is not be to confused with our human parents , as Freud and others have neurotically identified him .
he is not be to confused with our human parents , as freud and others have neurotically [recognized] him .

The belief that the unconscious mind is wise and good , and that it can be identified with God , is another signpost , false though its trail is .
the belief that the unconscious mind is wise and good , and that it can be [recognized] with god , is another signpost , false though its trail is .

In almost cases it is suggested that specific clearance and a specific shelf-life should be established for a given product to an identified market , or group of markets .
in almost cases it is suggested that specific clearance and a specific shelf-life should be established for a given product to an [recognized] market , or group of markets .

Elaborate wood and iron work , overhanging eaves , portes cochères , and all sorts of architectural ornamentation all conveyed a sense of the romance of travel , identified the station as landmark , and offered the various companies the opportunity to distinguish themselves by particular ‘ house ’ characteristics .
elaborate wood and iron work , overhanging eaves , portes cochères , and all sorts of architectural ornamentation all conveyed a sense of the romance of travel , [recognized] the station as landmark , and offered the various companies the opportunity to distinguish themselves by particular ‘ house ’ characteristics .

These three stations , which from the air offer one of the railway sights of the world , all stood in an area which was closely identified with the British community , significantly close to the docks .
these three stations , which from the air offer one of the railway sights of the world , all stood in an area which was closely [recognized] with the british community , significantly close to the docks .

However anti-elitist and however defensive of a culturally democratic popular , within a modernist film criticism growing out of romanticism a canon emerges in which difference was ( and is ) identified with the author whose individual signature separates the text and the oeuvre from the cynical indifference of mass production .
however anti-elitist and however defensive of a culturally democratic popular , within a modernist film criticism growing out of romanticism a canon emerges in which difference was ( and is ) [recognized] with the author whose individual signature separates the text and the oeuvre from the cynical indifference of mass production .

This , though it is everywhere as various and as changeable as the biographical time which Bakhtin finds in classical Greek literature , can nevertheless still be identified as a distinctive and possibly definitive generic shift .
this , though it is everywhere as various and as changeable as the biographical time which bakhtin finds in classical greek literature , can nevertheless still be [recognized] as a distinctive and possibly definitive generic shift .

He obtained a sample of the mould from Fleming , and discovered that it had been incorrectly identified .
he obtained a sample of the mould from fleming , and discovered that it had been incorrectly [recognized] .

Active principles were purified and identified chemically , and , when good fortune attended the search , developed into therapeutically useful agents .
active principles were purified and [recognized] chemically , and , when good fortune attended the search , developed into therapeutically useful agents .

Up to five stages in the life cycle could be identified , each of which might respond to a different agent .
up to five stages in the life cycle could be [recognized] , each of which might respond to a different agent .

After the tubercle bacillus was identified , accurate diagnosis of tuberculosis , of the lungs and of other organs , became possible .
after the tubercle bacillus was [recognized] , accurate diagnosis of tuberculosis , of the lungs and of other organs , became possible .

Snow associated the occurrence of cholera with the source of the victim 's water supply 20 years or so before bacteria were identified as causing the disease .
snow associated the occurrence of cholera with the source of the victim 's water supply 20 years or so before bacteria were [recognized] as causing the disease .

Many more carcinogens have been identified since then .
many more carcinogens have been [recognized] since then .

Epidemiologists have incriminated substances and circumstances , and identified potentially carcinogenic material , such as tobacco smoke and tobacco tar , showing how a substantial burden of cancer could be prevented by avoiding exposure to the sources of carcinogens .
epidemiologists have incriminated substances and circumstances , and [recognized] potentially carcinogenic material , such as tobacco smoke and tobacco tar , showing how a substantial burden of cancer could be prevented by avoiding exposure to the sources of carcinogens .

The sugar was identified as either ribose or deoxyribose : for a time it was believed that plant nucleic acids always contained ribose and animal nucleic acids deoxyribose .
the sugar was [recognized] as either ribose or deoxyribose : for a time it was believed that plant nucleic acids always contained ribose and animal nucleic acids deoxyribose .

Students of cancer had more reason to be interested in chromatin and its role in cell division , but chemical approaches to cancer were predominantly concerned with molecules which could be identified at the time , i.e .
students of cancer had more reason to be interested in chromatin and its role in cell division , but chemical approaches to cancer were predominantly concerned with molecules which could be [recognized] at the time , i.e .

Analogues were made , in particular by the group at the Lederle laboratories which had identified the structure of folic acid .
analogues were made , in particular by the group at the lederle laboratories which had [recognized] the structure of folic acid .

Between 1945 and 1956 , many research findings identified other factors which affected the blood pressure .
between 1945 and 1956 , many research findings [recognized] other factors which affected the blood pressure .

Many scientists were interested in other tissue extracts , several of which were known to affect blood vessels but were not identified until after 1945 .
many scientists were interested in other tissue extracts , several of which were known to affect blood vessels but were not [recognized] until after 1945 .

But the ill-effects , especially those that developed slowly , took much longer to be identified .
but the ill-effects , especially those that developed slowly , took much longer to be [recognized] .

Once the spirochaete which caused syphilis had been identified and Wassermann had invented the diagnostic reaction which perpetuates his name , the condition called general paralysis of the insane was recognized to be the result of a long-lasting infection .
once the spirochaete which caused syphilis had been [recognized] and wassermann had invented the diagnostic reaction which perpetuates his name , the condition called general paralysis of the insane was recognized to be the result of a long-lasting infection .

It occurred mainly in communities with poor diets and was eventually identified as a deficiency disease which could be promptly and completely cured by supplying adequate food .
it occurred mainly in communities with poor diets and was eventually [recognized] as a deficiency disease which could be promptly and completely cured by supplying adequate food .

Later the missing dietary ingredient was identified as nicotinic acid .
later the missing dietary ingredient was [recognized] as nicotinic acid .

He recognised his ex-pupil 's handwriting on a letter and thereby identified the highwayman — even though Turpin had only been his pupil for three quarters of a year .
he recognised his ex-pupil 's handwriting on a letter and thereby [recognized] the highwayman — even though turpin had only been his pupil for three quarters of a year .

But the ruling by two judges in favour of the mother , who in the interest of the children can not be identified , was described as ‘ cruel kindness ’ by the third , dissenting judge .
but the ruling by two judges in favour of the mother , who in the interest of the children can not be [recognized] , was described as ‘ cruel kindness ’ by the third , dissenting judge .

He told Mr Richard Sturt , the Canterbury and Dover coroner , that Mr Heddle 's daughter , Caroline , a 23-year-old veterinary nurse , had identified her 48-year-old father 's body after it was found in the car in a chalkpit at Chartham , near Canterbury .
he told mr richard sturt , the canterbury and dover coroner , that mr heddle 's daughter , caroline , a 23-year-old veterinary nurse , had [recognized] her 48-year-old father 's body after it was found in the car in a chalkpit at chartham , near canterbury .

An important element of this process will be to evaluate the effectiveness of the services on offer in tackling the needs that are identified .
an important element of this process will be to evaluate the effectiveness of the services on offer in tackling the needs that are [recognized] .

Strict censorship , and a security service which keeps a register of all privately owned typewriters in the country , means that the source of locally produced printed material can quickly be identified and there is precious little chance of such material being widely circulated .
strict censorship , and a security service which keeps a register of all privately owned typewriters in the country , means that the source of locally produced printed material can quickly be [recognized] and there is precious little chance of such material being widely circulated .

It comes from Japan , and has been identified in a forthcoming book , The machine that changed the world .
it comes from japan , and has been [recognized] in a forthcoming book , the machine that changed the world .

Although change in conventional wisdom has been gradual , evolutionary rather than revolu-tionary , three general periods and approaches to marketing can be identified .
although change in conventional wisdom has been gradual , evolutionary rather than revolu-tionary , three general periods and approaches to marketing can be [recognized] .

It concentrates on identified market segments , irrespective of the geographic location .
it concentrates on [recognized] market segments , irrespective of the geographic location .

According to Bartlett and Ghoshal , the differing company structures that have been identified as a development sequence are , in reality , a function of different cultural management styles .
according to bartlett and ghoshal , the differing company structures that have been [recognized] as a development sequence are , in reality , a function of different cultural management styles .

The international company , identified principally by its policy of product extension rather than adaptation , is viewed as essentially American in origin .
the international company , [recognized] principally by its policy of product extension rather than adaptation , is viewed as essentially american in origin .

Although some cultural differences , such as meaning attributed to basic patterns of syntax in otherwise similar communication patterns are difficult to spot , a long list can be compiled of easily identified cultural seperations .
although some cultural differences , such as meaning attributed to basic patterns of syntax in otherwise similar communication patterns are difficult to spot , a long list can be compiled of easily [recognized] cultural seperations .

Refine your formulation for the foreign culture , removing the self-reference criteria which you have identified , and use this assessment to solve the problem .
refine your formulation for the foreign culture , removing the self-reference criteria which you have [recognized] , and use this assessment to solve the problem .

potential customer demand can be identified , and
potential customer demand can be [recognized] , and

Now Peter Clarke has identified another hole at the centre of Keynesian studies .
now peter clarke has [recognized] another hole at the centre of keynesian studies .

In his evidence to the Committee , Keynes identified seven possible classes of remedy for depression , and assured his colleagues that practically all of them were of some value .
in his evidence to the committee , keynes [recognized] seven possible classes of remedy for depression , and assured his colleagues that practically all of them were of some value .

In his final chapter , he notes that the 1956 Royal Commission on Divorce identified what he feels ‘ may perhaps be the most important influence of all in driving up the divorce rate , namely the idealization of the individual pursuit of self-gratification and personal pleasure at the expense of a sense of reciprocal obligations and duties towards helpless dependents , such as children , and , our society as a whole ’ ( pp 403–4 ) .
in his final chapter , he notes that the 1956 royal commission on divorce [recognized] what he feels ‘ may perhaps be the most important influence of all in driving up the divorce rate , namely the idealization of the individual pursuit of self-gratification and personal pleasure at the expense of a sense of reciprocal obligations and duties towards helpless dependents , such as children , and , our society as a whole ’ ( pp 403–4 ) .

Not only was there overwhelming support on the picket line ( from trade unionists and from many feminists who identified with the women 's movement rather than any particular trade union ) but on 15 June local postal workers at Cricklewood started a boycott of Grunwick mail .
not only was there overwhelming support on the picket line ( from trade unionists and from many feminists who [recognized] with the women 's movement rather than any particular trade union ) but on 15 june local postal workers at cricklewood started a boycott of grunwick mail .

The children in the film are identified as the brothers and sisters of the elders among us .
the children in the film are [recognized] as the brothers and sisters of the elders among us .

On the negative side it should be recalled that many Belorussian nationalists were more pro-Western than specifically Belorussian in their emphasis , while many others became so identified with the Bolshevik Party that they shed earlier inclinations .
on the negative side it should be recalled that many belorussian nationalists were more pro-western than specifically belorussian in their emphasis , while many others became so [recognized] with the bolshevik party that they shed earlier inclinations .

Then she heard , barely a distant whisper , but clearly , her mother 's voice telling her that the Great Wall of China is the only human-made object that can be identified from the surface of the moon .
then she heard , barely a distant whisper , but clearly , her mother 's voice telling her that the great wall of china is the only human-made object that can be [recognized] from the surface of the moon .

The story behind Hale 's death was one with which Kahlo obviously identified , and within which dress formed an important symbolic function .
the story behind hale 's death was one with which kahlo obviously [recognized] , and within which dress formed an important symbolic function .

Drawing on his own previous work , as well as that of Dews and Habermas , the main thrust is initially to connect both ‘ wings ’ of poststructuralism — the ‘ textualist ’ strand associated with Derrida , and the ‘ contextualist/historical strand identified principally with Foucault — to the Nietzschean philosophical tradition ; and then to isolate the most common problems attributed to that tradition to which , a fortiori , post-structuralism succumbs .
drawing on his own previous work , as well as that of dews and habermas , the main thrust is initially to connect both ‘ wings ’ of poststructuralism — the ‘ textualist ’ strand associated with derrida , and the ‘ contextualist/historical strand [recognized] principally with foucault — to the nietzschean philosophical tradition ; and then to isolate the most common problems attributed to that tradition to which , a fortiori , post-structuralism succumbs .

Moreover , in the Opticks he identified seven colours in the spectrum and described a circle divided into seven segments that could be used to account for colour mixing .
moreover , in the opticks he [recognized] seven colours in the spectrum and described a circle divided into seven segments that could be used to account for colour mixing .

While he has usefully identified theories of perception as an aspect of the science of art , they deserve a more eclectic and sustained analysis .
while he has usefully [recognized] theories of perception as an aspect of the science of art , they deserve a more eclectic and sustained analysis .

and also carefully identifies the status of individual exhibits by signifying their producer 's relationship to the formally identified Situationist group .
and also carefully identifies the status of individual exhibits by signifying their producer 's relationship to the formally [recognized] situationist group .

There are three areas in which the political characteristics of pre-colonial societies can be identified in the contemporary situation .
there are three areas in which the political characteristics of pre-colonial societies can be [recognized] in the contemporary situation .

It is not surprising that at independence most governments identified the international companies from the former colonial power as potential agents of neo-colonialism , who could not be trusted to operate with the interests of African countries at heart .
it is not surprising that at independence most governments [recognized] the international companies from the former colonial power as potential agents of neo-colonialism , who could not be trusted to operate with the interests of african countries at heart .

The Bexhill-on-Sea Branch identified The White House as a potential Eagle Lodge in January 1990 , and its first resident will shortly move in .
the bexhill-on-sea branch [recognized] the white house as a potential eagle lodge in january 1990 , and its first resident will shortly move in .

Nor could it be said that the British welfare system identified , or even defined , let alone assisted , the genuinely needy groups as effectively as did some systems prevailing elsewhere .
nor could it be said that the british welfare system [recognized] , or even defined , let alone assisted , the genuinely needy groups as effectively as did some systems prevailing elsewhere .

But , in general , fully three-quarters of her first Cabinet were identified with the mainstream Toryism of post-1945 .
but , in general , fully three-quarters of her first cabinet were [recognized] with the mainstream toryism of post-1945 .

She herself , though a product of Oxford University , identified with wealth-producers and businessmen rather than with academics and intellectuals .
she herself , though a product of oxford university , [recognized] with wealth-producers and businessmen rather than with academics and intellectuals .

Younger men like Kenneth Clarke , Kenneth Baker , and John MacGregor were less identified with the Prime Minister personally .
younger men like kenneth clarke , kenneth baker , and john macgregor were less [recognized] with the prime minister personally .

Each shop will be identified by a window sticker and leaflets will be displayed inside the shop .
each shop will be [recognized] by a window sticker and leaflets will be displayed inside the shop .

( g ) This point has to be identified very carefully .
( g ) this point has to be [recognized] very carefully .

Certain teams did become very loosely identified with Catholic or Protestant support in Liverpool and Manchester , but this was never a prominent feature of English football or a significant source of violence .
certain teams did become very loosely [recognized] with catholic or protestant support in liverpool and manchester , but this was never a prominent feature of english football or a significant source of violence .

This hint of physical as well as psychological confrontation with primitivism predictably gives rise to the corresponding image of city apocalypse , presented by Charles , the character with whom as Eliot told Martin Browne he most closely identified .
this hint of physical as well as psychological confrontation with primitivism predictably gives rise to the corresponding image of city apocalypse , presented by charles , the character with whom as eliot told martin browne he most closely [recognized] .

As Ken Plummer observes , whereas once it was the homosexual who was viewed as sick , now it might be the heterosexual who is charged with pathology : ‘ Whereas once the homosexual was identified by a long series of character traits , it is now possible to identify the traits of the homophobe : authoritarian , cognitively restricted , with gender anxieties , ( Plummer , ‘ Homosexual Categories ’ , 62 ) .
as ken plummer observes , whereas once it was the homosexual who was viewed as sick , now it might be the heterosexual who is charged with pathology : ‘ whereas once the homosexual was [recognized] by a long series of character traits , it is now possible to identify the traits of the homophobe : authoritarian , cognitively restricted , with gender anxieties , ( plummer , ‘ homosexual categories ’ , 62 ) .

The consequences of this last point can be pernicious , actually encouraging a way of thinking whereby the aggressor in homophobic violence is somehow identified with his or her victim : both are homosexual , the one repressed , the other overt .
the consequences of this last point can be pernicious , actually encouraging a way of thinking whereby the aggressor in homophobic violence is somehow [recognized] with his or her victim : both are homosexual , the one repressed , the other overt .

Because they are so pervasive , and because their subordinate terms remain so powerfully denigrated , the erotics of active/passive should not be identified as coextensive with masculine/feminine , and should not be thought identical across the hetero/homosexual divide .
because they are so pervasive , and because their subordinate terms remain so powerfully denigrated , the erotics of active/passive should not be [recognized] as coextensive with masculine/feminine , and should not be thought identical across the hetero/homosexual divide .

In other words , to be metaphysically identified was simultaneously to be socially positioned — the subject in relation to the prince , the woman in relation to the man , and so on .
in other words , to be metaphysically [recognized] was simultaneously to be socially positioned — the subject in relation to the prince , the woman in relation to the man , and so on .

Via the expression of a perverse masochism , with its disturbing mix of abjection and arrogance , this act , in one sense the supreme antithesis of everything Christ died for — he died after all to save us all — is identified as Christlike .
via the expression of a perverse masochism , with its disturbing mix of abjection and arrogance , this act , in one sense the supreme antithesis of everything christ died for — he died after all to save us all — is [recognized] as christlike .

Again , sword and phallus substitute for each other , but in a uniquely revealing way : not only is Vitelli 's violence against Clara 's father erotically identified with the sexual act performed ‘ with ’ her , but the disembowelment of him is aligned with her childbirth .
again , sword and phallus substitute for each other , but in a uniquely revealing way : not only is vitelli 's violence against clara 's father erotically [recognized] with the sexual act performed ‘ with ’ her , but the disembowelment of him is aligned with her childbirth .

Charles Marowitz once identified a crucial characteristic of Genet 's work :
charles marowitz once [recognized] a crucial characteristic of genet 's work :

Progressives would willingly remove some of the stigma from homosexuality , and have often acknowledged the homosexual component within the heterosexually identified .
progressives would willingly remove some of the stigma from homosexuality , and have often acknowledged the homosexual component within the heterosexually [recognized] .

Put bluntly , to be identified positively , homosexuality usually has to be dissolved into the androgynous .
put bluntly , to be [recognized] positively , homosexuality usually has to be dissolved into the androgynous .

Even though homosexuality as such remains muted , subsumed into an ‘ other bisexuality ’ , it is here nevertheless explicitly and exceptionally identified as a creative otherness :
even though homosexuality as such remains muted , subsumed into an ‘ other bisexuality ’ , it is here nevertheless explicitly and exceptionally [recognized] as a creative otherness :

Whether the individual identified with the Conservative party , Labour , or the Alliance in the Pre-Campaign Wave .
whether the individual [recognized] with the conservative party , labour , or the alliance in the pre-campaign wave .

In his discussion of the ancient city states , as in his discussion of feudalism , the contradiction between these two systems had been identified as the driving force of change .
in his discussion of the ancient city states , as in his discussion of feudalism , the contradiction between these two systems had been [recognized] as the driving force of change .

They all believed that several corresponding processes could be identified , especially in the field of kinship , which went automatically in parallel with technological evolution .
they all believed that several corresponding processes could be [recognized] , especially in the field of kinship , which went automatically in parallel with technological evolution .

They claim to have carefully identified those that they wanted to arrest .
they claim to have carefully [recognized] those that they wanted to arrest .

According to the confidential figures , the 12 inner London authorities face an underlying deficit of almost £30m this year , and have identified £18m of savings .
according to the confidential figures , the 12 inner london authorities face an underlying deficit of almost £30m this year , and have [recognized] £18m of savings .

Hoare Govett was identified as an early buyer , pointing the finger at British Aerospace , one of the stockbroking firm 's corporate clients .
hoare govett was [recognized] as an early buyer , pointing the finger at british aerospace , one of the stockbroking firm 's corporate clients .

He has now been positively identified by detectives as one of two men who hijacked a police car when traffic patrol officers checked out a suspect van in Co Limerick three weeks ago .
he has now been positively [recognized] by detectives as one of two men who hijacked a police car when traffic patrol officers checked out a suspect van in co limerick three weeks ago .

The realisation is increasingly coming to planners and administrators that many so-called rural problems and their solutions have been identified by urban-orientated people , or indeed may largely be created by the effects of urban based interests and decisions .
the realisation is increasingly coming to planners and administrators that many so-called rural problems and their solutions have been [recognized] by urban-orientated people , or indeed may largely be created by the effects of urban based interests and decisions .

Canadian chemists have isolated and identified a new toxin from Irish mussels .
canadian chemists have isolated and [recognized] a new toxin from irish mussels .

Interest is being shown in the initiation of small local networks for members on career breaks and unemployed or retired members : 19 contacts who would help run such a network have been identified .
interest is being shown in the initiation of small local networks for members on career breaks and unemployed or retired members : 19 contacts who would help run such a network have been [recognized] .

Some improvement might be effected in these situations if the critical jobs to be carried on , in the event of illness , could be identified and training provided for those likely to be left to carry on .
some improvement might be effected in these situations if the critical jobs to be carried on , in the event of illness , could be [recognized] and training provided for those likely to be left to carry on .

‘ Look for off-farm work ’ was usually identified by those who were already part-time farmers , meaning that they would look for more off-farm work .
‘ look for off-farm work ’ was usually [recognized] by those who were already part-time farmers , meaning that they would look for more off-farm work .

In North Yorkshire and Leicestershire , where a greater number were involved in management or teaching , this limiting factor was identified by many .
in north yorkshire and leicestershire , where a greater number were involved in management or teaching , this limiting factor was [recognized] by many .

The 58 % who identified less dependence on farm income as a benefit represented those for whom the farm provided a considerable proportion of total income but which could not provide a living income on its own .
the 58 % who [recognized] less dependence on farm income as a benefit represented those for whom the farm provided a considerable proportion of total income but which could not provide a living income on its own .

Twenty-six percent of the full-time farms had identified and developed potential sources of extra income around the farm .
twenty-six percent of the full-time farms had [recognized] and developed potential sources of extra income around the farm .

Subjects for adult farmers were identified by the government departments and then advertised .
subjects for adult farmers were [recognized] by the government departments and then advertised .

Where there were departures from the common pattern special circumstances could often be identified which might have been responsible for the deviation .
where there were departures from the common pattern special circumstances could often be [recognized] which might have been responsible for the deviation .

The aim at the end of the session is to encourage participants to make rules for their future drinking which will lead to a lessening of identified problems ( p. 4 ) .
the aim at the end of the session is to encourage participants to make rules for their future drinking which will lead to a lessening of [recognized] problems ( p. 4 ) .

It will probably not surprise the reader to learn that at the outset of the course serious gaps in participants ' knowledge were identified .
it will probably not surprise the reader to learn that at the outset of the course serious gaps in participants ' knowledge were [recognized] .

Although most respondents praised , or were satisfied with , this care the study identified a number of inadequacies .
although most respondents praised , or were satisfied with , this care the study [recognized] a number of inadequacies .

This is consistent with trends identified by Barnes et al .
this is consistent with trends [recognized] by barnes et al .

( 1990 ) , and raises issues of what , if any , social processes are occurring which leave women more frequently identified as candidates for sections .
( 1990 ) , and raises issues of what , if any , social processes are occurring which leave women more frequently [recognized] as candidates for sections .

In just over half male and female referrals no specific mental disorder was identified .
in just over half male and female referrals no specific mental disorder was [recognized] .

On average the ASWs identified more social problems for women ( 2.12 per case ) than men ( 1.6 per case ) .
on average the asws [recognized] more social problems for women ( 2.12 per case ) than men ( 1.6 per case ) .

( 1970 ) found identified by clinicians as characteristic of healthy women were : being more submissive , less adventurous , less objective , more emotional , more excitable in minor crises — strange characteristics for a so called healthy person !
( 1970 ) found [recognized] by clinicians as characteristic of healthy women were : being more submissive , less adventurous , less objective , more emotional , more excitable in minor crises — strange characteristics for a so called healthy person !

Two levels may be identified from previous discussions .
two levels may be [recognized] from previous discussions .

Such approaches require considerable changes in the ways in which problems are identified , viewed and tackled .
such approaches require considerable changes in the ways in which problems are [recognized] , viewed and tackled .

Ways will have to be found to reconcile local , internally identified problems and aspirations with other , externally identified factors which also have a bearing on the situation .
ways will have to be found to reconcile local , internally [recognized] problems and aspirations with other , externally [recognized] factors which also have a bearing on the situation .

In some areas this powerful minority may be identified as being the local administration .
in some areas this powerful minority may be [recognized] as being the local administration .

The important physico-chemical properties of the plasterwork were identified and both the analytical procedures and the correlations among the various parameters ( thermal expansion coefficient , thermal conductivity , vapour permeability , strata adhesion , cohesiveness , strength etc ) were explained , as well as the conditions for its reinforcement and reconstruction .
the important physico-chemical properties of the plasterwork were [recognized] and both the analytical procedures and the correlations among the various parameters ( thermal expansion coefficient , thermal conductivity , vapour permeability , strata adhesion , cohesiveness , strength etc ) were explained , as well as the conditions for its reinforcement and reconstruction .

Differences in technique were identified and paintings previously attributed to Rembrandt himself could be discounted .
differences in technique were [recognized] and paintings previously attributed to rembrandt himself could be discounted .

The extra money is being earmarked for a number of key basic research areas that were identified by the Swiss Science Council and the professors of the research universities :
the extra money is being earmarked for a number of key basic research areas that were [recognized] by the swiss science council and the professors of the research universities :

He identified pharmacy , high energy physics and architecture as being over-represented in the universities .
he [recognized] pharmacy , high energy physics and architecture as being over-represented in the universities .

The spectral peaks can be identified by applying the laws of conservation of energy and momentum .
the spectral peaks can be [recognized] by applying the laws of conservation of energy and momentum .

By contrast , particular skills tend only to be identified by those who have specialized by method of intervention ( for example , marital counselling ) or by client sub-group ( for example , fostering and adoption ) .
by contrast , particular skills tend only to be [recognized] by those who have specialized by method of intervention ( for example , marital counselling ) or by client sub-group ( for example , fostering and adoption ) .

In 1983 , in order to extend the international scope of our work , a survey questionnaire that had been pre-tested with social work educators from Australia , India , Israel , and the United States was mailed to all member colleges , universities , and national affiliate associations of the International Association of Schools of Social Work and to a list of individuals who had been identified as experts on paraprofessional social welfare personnel in their own countries or internationally .
in 1983 , in order to extend the international scope of our work , a survey questionnaire that had been pre-tested with social work educators from australia , india , israel , and the united states was mailed to all member colleges , universities , and national affiliate associations of the international association of schools of social work and to a list of individuals who had been [recognized] as experts on paraprofessional social welfare personnel in their own countries or internationally .

However , despite this disappointing state of affairs , we identified some encouraging developments in several countries that can serve as guide posts to more appropriate and effective development and deployment of professional and paraprofessional resources .
however , despite this disappointing state of affairs , we [recognized] some encouraging developments in several countries that can serve as guide posts to more appropriate and effective development and deployment of professional and paraprofessional resources .

For example , among the important principles identified by Kestenbaum et al .
for example , among the important principles [recognized] by kestenbaum et al .

, 1989 ) , showed less evidence of the trends identified by those earlier studies , and particularly of the use of Place of Safety Orders .
, 1989 ) , showed less evidence of the trends [recognized] by those earlier studies , and particularly of the use of place of safety orders .

Traditional family casework focuses on the identified members as clients , whereas the targets of unitary interventions range more broadly from non-client members through to neighbourhoods and other social systems .
traditional family casework focuses on the [recognized] members as clients , whereas the targets of unitary interventions range more broadly from non-client members through to neighbourhoods and other social systems .

Some of these targets are similar to those identified in primary prevention , but the purpose of the intervention differs ; in secondary level work , the focus is on identified clients or their families , schools , doctors , employers , not on structures indirectly related to clients .
some of these targets are similar to those [recognized] in primary prevention , but the purpose of the intervention differs ; in secondary level work , the focus is on [recognized] clients or their families , schools , doctors , employers , not on structures indirectly related to clients .

Prevention as a unitary concept is rejected in this section , as it is a relevant aim at each of the four levels identified .
prevention as a unitary concept is rejected in this section , as it is a relevant aim at each of the four levels [recognized] .

Thirdly , there is a divergent trend in contemporary social services departments which has implications for preventive work : diversion and minimum interventions for vulnerable families where child abuse is not an issue compared with net-widening and multidisciplinary interventions when child abuse is identified .
thirdly , there is a divergent trend in contemporary social services departments which has implications for preventive work : diversion and minimum interventions for vulnerable families where child abuse is not an issue compared with net-widening and multidisciplinary interventions when child abuse is [recognized] .

Other aims were identified and researched in the course of the study but discussion of these is beyond the scope of this article .
other aims were [recognized] and researched in the course of the study but discussion of these is beyond the scope of this article .

The overall purpose of the study was to examine the way in which familial child sexual abuse was identified and responded to by social workers and police officers in the early investigative stage .
the overall purpose of the study was to examine the way in which familial child sexual abuse was [recognized] and responded to by social workers and police officers in the early investigative stage .

First , a series of dimensions are identified which have been agreed both to be important aspects of child development and/or of particular relevance to separated children .
first , a series of dimensions are [recognized] which have been agreed both to be important aspects of child development and/or of particular relevance to separated children .

They also identified , before they arose , a number of problems which are still unresolved , such as the anomalous position of Harris Tweed weavers under the National Insurance legislation .
they also [recognized] , before they arose , a number of problems which are still unresolved , such as the anomalous position of harris tweed weavers under the national insurance legislation .

‘ Acid rain ’ has been identified as the cause of a pollution threat to forests and lakes throughout the industrialised world .
‘ acid rain ’ has been [recognized] as the cause of a pollution threat to forests and lakes throughout the industrialised world .

Irony is used here to mock an emotional response , identified as always female , always stupid .
irony is used here to mock an emotional response , [recognized] as always female , always stupid .

It has identified a 295-acre site of mainly coniferous woodland managed by the Forestry Commission , and is discussing acquisition with landowners and local authorities .
it has [recognized] a 295-acre site of mainly coniferous woodland managed by the forestry commission , and is discussing acquisition with landowners and local authorities .

‘ We identified the site by means of biolocation .
‘ we [recognized] the site by means of biolocation .

Witnesses have also identified an old light brown Mark 2 Ford Cortina under repair on Station Road , Walmer , two miles from the barracks , on 2 September .
witnesses have also [recognized] an old light brown mark 2 ford cortina under repair on station road , walmer , two miles from the barracks , on 2 september .

Well done , but no bidding system yet devised could have identified the absence of the nine of clubs .
well done , but no bidding system yet devised could have [recognized] the absence of the nine of clubs .

For most listeners today , it is true , concerts are attended , records purchased , orchestras identified by the name of the conductor .
for most listeners today , it is true , concerts are attended , records purchased , orchestras [recognized] by the name of the conductor .

Knowing stories of hostile spirits as they did , the first hearers of the story would naturally , after gaining a few more of the details , have identified the assailant as the demon of the wadi .
knowing stories of hostile spirits as they did , the first hearers of the story would naturally , after gaining a few more of the details , have [recognized] the assailant as the demon of the wadi .

He identified the photographs and was anxious to see the ones at Grindlewood Park .
he [recognized] the photographs and was anxious to see the ones at grindlewood park .

How could Vic possibly have identified the human blood , for instance ?
how could vic possibly have [recognized] the human blood , for instance ?

Very quickly , the local Labour parties identified with the social issues of the day .
very quickly , the local labour parties [recognized] with the social issues of the day .

Instead , there was a loose group of 20 or 30 Conservative MPs who identified with Eden and a similar group , including Brendan Bracken , Duncan Sandys and Robert Boothby , who identified with Churchill .
instead , there was a loose group of 20 or 30 conservative mps who [recognized] with eden and a similar group , including brendan bracken , duncan sandys and robert boothby , who [recognized] with churchill .

It hardly ever happened that someone said something she identified with .
it hardly ever happened that someone said something she [recognized] with .

The killer was still at large , and the activities of hungry rats , as well as the most terrible injuries , meant that the body had never been identified .
the killer was still at large , and the activities of hungry rats , as well as the most terrible injuries , meant that the body had never been [recognized] .

In developing the short list of manufacturing locations he proposed to establish to produce the new products which would incorporate all the latest technologies , he had detailed the comparative costs of manufacture per country and identified the economic and commercial advantages and disadvantages of selling components into specific European countries from single and dual manufacturing sources .
in developing the short list of manufacturing locations he proposed to establish to produce the new products which would incorporate all the latest technologies , he had detailed the comparative costs of manufacture per country and [recognized] the economic and commercial advantages and disadvantages of selling components into specific european countries from single and dual manufacturing sources .

This attitude was by no means confined to educated sceptics ; it was probably even more marked among the urban proletariat , who had largely abandoned churchgoing and were alienated from the established Church , which they identified with a repressive economic and social system .
this attitude was by no means confined to educated sceptics ; it was probably even more marked among the urban proletariat , who had largely abandoned churchgoing and were alienated from the established church , which they [recognized] with a repressive economic and social system .

Joins on silver or gold objects made with silver and gold solders can not usually be distinguished by radiography because they are approximately the same density as the metals they join , although they can sometimes be identified by colour difference or porosity when seen at high magnification .
joins on silver or gold objects made with silver and gold solders can not usually be distinguished by radiography because they are approximately the same density as the metals they join , although they can sometimes be [recognized] by colour difference or porosity when seen at high magnification .

Particular minerals can be recognised by their characteristic optical properties so that individual grains and rock fragments can be identified .
particular minerals can be recognised by their characteristic optical properties so that individual grains and rock fragments can be [recognized] .

Although clay minerals are generally too fine-grained to be reliably identified , features such as clay pellets and parallel alignment of the platy clay particles , which may result from forming processes such as wheel-throwing , can be recognised .
although clay minerals are generally too fine-grained to be reliably [recognized] , features such as clay pellets and parallel alignment of the platy clay particles , which may result from forming processes such as wheel-throwing , can be recognised .

while in other cases the geological sources have been identified fairly exactly by petrology even though there is little archaeological evidence of working at the outcrops themselves .
while in other cases the geological sources have been [recognized] fairly exactly by petrology even though there is little archaeological evidence of working at the outcrops themselves .

If we can achieve this , we have gone a long way towards solving the axe typology problem since groups of similarly shaped axes would appear as distinct clusters on the page and could be easily identified by eye .
if we can achieve this , we have gone a long way towards solving the axe typology problem since groups of similarly shaped axes would appear as distinct clusters on the page and could be easily [recognized] by eye .

The holiness of celibacy comes to be identified with the holiness of the sacramental cult .
the holiness of celibacy comes to be [recognized] with the holiness of the sacramental cult .

By a similar route , also taking into account product choice , equipment types needed are identified .
by a similar route , also taking into account product choice , equipment types needed are [recognized] .

To be effective therefore a framework must be set up which will allow expense to be apportioned and identified and variations detected .
to be effective therefore a framework must be set up which will allow expense to be apportioned and [recognized] and variations detected .

Cost centres : Each operational area of a department should be identified and treated as an independent unit for the purpose of accountancy with all items of cleaning expenditure identified .
cost centres : each operational area of a department should be [recognized] and treated as an independent unit for the purpose of accountancy with all items of cleaning expenditure [recognized] .

Budgets : These must be accurate , detailed and identified exclusively with each cost centre .
budgets : these must be accurate , detailed and [recognized] exclusively with each cost centre .

Ordering and payments should be identified and stocks of materials must be kept separate .
ordering and payments should be [recognized] and stocks of materials must be kept separate .

There may be a number of complex reasons for one simple fault which need to be fully identified .
there may be a number of complex reasons for one simple fault which need to be fully [recognized] .

You said that you 've become identified , almost trapped as a hard news or political photographer . Are there any other things you would like to do ?
you said that you 've become [recognized] , almost trapped as a hard news or political photographer . are there any other things you would like to do ?

Although ‘ conservation policies of land-use should be positive and encouraging , not restrictive ’ ( Hudson 1971 , 79 ) , they frequently include these measures , which aim to stop certain agricultural or pastoral practices which are identified as harmful .
although ‘ conservation policies of land-use should be positive and encouraging , not restrictive ’ ( hudson 1971 , 79 ) , they frequently include these measures , which aim to stop certain agricultural or pastoral practices which are [recognized] as harmful .

The problem is identified as primarily an environmental problem with environmental solutions .
the problem is [recognized] as primarily an environmental problem with environmental solutions .

If soil erosion is principally identified as an environmental problem , then the ‘ degrees of freedom ’ , and policy options which derive from concomitant changes in the social sphere are thereby closed .
if soil erosion is principally [recognized] as an environmental problem , then the ‘ degrees of freedom ’ , and policy options which derive from concomitant changes in the social sphere are thereby closed .

Another problem identified in the classic approach is that of overpopulation .
another problem [recognized] in the classic approach is that of overpopulation .

The last problem identified in the classic or colonial model is that cultivators and pastoralists who cause soil erosion are insufficiently involved in the market economy .
the last problem [recognized] in the classic or colonial model is that cultivators and pastoralists who cause soil erosion are insufficiently involved in the market economy .

Chapter 3 has suggested that many soil conservation policies fail , and section 2 of this chapter has identified an historical model of the conceptualisation of the soil erosion problem and its policy solutions .
chapter 3 has suggested that many soil conservation policies fail , and section 2 of this chapter has [recognized] an historical model of the conceptualisation of the soil erosion problem and its policy solutions .

Although this effort has been piecemeal and has occurred in widely differing contexts , the direction in which it is moving can be identified .
although this effort has been piecemeal and has occurred in widely differing contexts , the direction in which it is moving can be [recognized] .

In Nepal , a number of inequalities in the distribution of costs and benefits of various conservation programmes and related projects for increasing agricultural and fuelwood production can be identified ( Blaikie 1981 , 1983 ) .
in nepal , a number of inequalities in the distribution of costs and benefits of various conservation programmes and related projects for increasing agricultural and fuelwood production can be [recognized] ( blaikie 1981 , 1983 ) .

Three different ways can be identified in which piecemeal improvements to the conceptualisation of the soil erosion problem have been transcended .
three different ways can be [recognized] in which piecemeal improvements to the conceptualisation of the soil erosion problem have been transcended .

Lastly , after government , the administration , military and judiciary , a fifth element of the system can be identified which Miliband ( 1969 ) calls the various units of sub-government — in a sense the extension of central government but also a voice of the periphery , and thus a channel of communication between the two .
lastly , after government , the administration , military and judiciary , a fifth element of the system can be [recognized] which miliband ( 1969 ) calls the various units of sub-government — in a sense the extension of central government but also a voice of the periphery , and thus a channel of communication between the two .

Both identified a single problem and devised policy solutions without an acknowledgement of the possibility of political change and the removal of the root causes of ‘ the problem ’ .
both [recognized] a single problem and devised policy solutions without an acknowledgement of the possibility of political change and the removal of the root causes of ‘ the problem ’ .

( No biographical critic had ever satisfactorily identified Embla . )
( no biographical critic had ever satisfactorily [recognized] embla . )

Bradbury goes on to explain that this ‘ shift or lapse ’ is ‘ usually identified with the thirties , when realism and politics came back ’ ( 86 ) .
bradbury goes on to explain that this ‘ shift or lapse ’ is ‘ usually [recognized] with the thirties , when realism and politics came back ’ ( 86 ) .

The avoidance of fixed form demonstrates what Tony Tanner has identified as a dream and its corresponding fear :
the avoidance of fixed form demonstrates what tony tanner has [recognized] as a dream and its corresponding fear :

The nouveau roman has played a central role in the debates surrounding postmodernism : the metafictional techniques and strategies associated with the writers commonly identified with this movement have come to be regarded as , in many ways , synonymous with what constitutes postmodernist fiction .
the nouveau roman has played a central role in the debates surrounding postmodernism : the metafictional techniques and strategies associated with the writers commonly [recognized] with this movement have come to be regarded as , in many ways , synonymous with what constitutes postmodernist fiction .

The stages of the journey are so many acts of self-questioning and self definition : its end a moment of self-recognition which is , however , also a reversal of the narrator 's image , as in a mirror ( Roux the pursuer is identified with Xavier the pursued , the first and last letters of their names are switched , Xavier is now Mr Nightingale , or rouxinol in Portuguese ) .
the stages of the journey are so many acts of self-questioning and self definition : its end a moment of self-recognition which is , however , also a reversal of the narrator 's image , as in a mirror ( roux the pursuer is [recognized] with xavier the pursued , the first and last letters of their names are switched , xavier is now mr nightingale , or rouxinol in portuguese ) .

In fairness , it should be said that the best of the regionalist novels were considerably more complex and accomplished than they are usually given credit for , but , nonetheless , the regionalist novel as a whole came to be identified with a type of writing against which later writers reacted , one which , in its concern to document and to convey a message , was artistically clumsy and simplistic in its presentation of reality .
in fairness , it should be said that the best of the regionalist novels were considerably more complex and accomplished than they are usually given credit for , but , nonetheless , the regionalist novel as a whole came to be [recognized] with a type of writing against which later writers reacted , one which , in its concern to document and to convey a message , was artistically clumsy and simplistic in its presentation of reality .

Ruling over an infernal world , the President is cast in the role of Satan , while his favourite , Angel Face , is identified with Lucifer , but his rebellion takes the form of forsaking evil for good , a crime of treason for which he is banished to the bowels of the earth in the President 's deepest dungeon .
ruling over an infernal world , the president is cast in the role of satan , while his favourite , angel face , is [recognized] with lucifer , but his rebellion takes the form of forsaking evil for good , a crime of treason for which he is banished to the bowels of the earth in the president 's deepest dungeon .

Likewise , the dictator of Asturias 's The President is identified not only with Satan but with Tohil , the Maya Quiché deity who demanded human sacrifice , the effect of that association being to present the Central-American political despot as a modern incarnation of an ancestral tradition .
likewise , the dictator of asturias 's the president is [recognized] not only with satan but with tohil , the maya quiché deity who demanded human sacrifice , the effect of that association being to present the central-american political despot as a modern incarnation of an ancestral tradition .

Within this , however , it will be those leisure facilities that appeal to the growth groups identified that will be the main beneficiaries from a strong leisure pound .
within this , however , it will be those leisure facilities that appeal to the growth groups [recognized] that will be the main beneficiaries from a strong leisure pound .

Its main entrance is identified by the chapel .
its main entrance is [recognized] by the chapel .

In an article published in 1966 Johnston identified the failure of Irish governments in the 1920s and 1930s as one of not having acted to ‘ assume full control over the reinvestment of the economic surplus ’ .
in an article published in 1966 johnston [recognized] the failure of irish governments in the 1920s and 1930s as one of not having acted to ‘ assume full control over the reinvestment of the economic surplus ’ .

She also told me she had identified in the recently-arrived Assistant Director of Studies at the British Council/ Institute , Steve Jenkinson , a likely collaborator .
she also told me she had [recognized] in the recently-arrived assistant director of studies at the british council/ institute , steve jenkinson , a likely collaborator .

Mrs Thatcher was , of course , strongly identified with the tax and her personal popularity plummeted as a consequence .
mrs thatcher was , of course , strongly [recognized] with the tax and her personal popularity plummeted as a consequence .

This sense is often identified with nationalism and patriotism which can be dangerously close to racism , chauvinism and xenophobia .
this sense is often [recognized] with nationalism and patriotism which can be dangerously close to racism , chauvinism and xenophobia .

When it comes down to specifics , there is not even any real consensus between the political parties about the state 's duty to secure the civil , political and social elements of citizenship identified by Marshall .
when it comes down to specifics , there is not even any real consensus between the political parties about the state 's duty to secure the civil , political and social elements of citizenship [recognized] by marshall .

So we identified with the hedgehog , and felt responsible for it .
so we [recognized] with the hedgehog , and felt responsible for it .

The Tories have identified 73 constituencies , 11 of them marginals , where where 100 or more overseas residents have registered to cast proxy votes on April 9 .
the tories have [recognized] 73 constituencies , 11 of them marginals , where where 100 or more overseas residents have registered to cast proxy votes on april 9 .

Police interviewed Hayman and various other people identified by the material found in the flat , and a file was submitted to the Director of Public Prosecutions .
police interviewed hayman and various other people [recognized] by the material found in the flat , and a file was submitted to the director of public prosecutions .

Neither ailment had been positively identified when she arrived at the Royal and it was decided to transfer her for further investigation .
neither ailment had been positively [recognized] when she arrived at the royal and it was decided to transfer her for further investigation .

We know that both cars suffered from electrical faults but as yet we have not identified them .
we know that both cars suffered from electrical faults but as yet we have not [recognized] them .

The hecklers , who were arrested , were identified by police as members of the Japanese branch of a Chinese group promoting democracy in China .
the hecklers , who were arrested , were [recognized] by police as members of the japanese branch of a chinese group promoting democracy in china .

In the late 1960s , the cloudy , rustic version began to be replaced by the filtered type , sometimes identified as Kristall .
in the late 1960s , the cloudy , rustic version began to be replaced by the filtered type , sometimes [recognized] as kristall .

The company 's coffee shops have been identified as being one of the main causes for the poor performance and are to be sold .
the company 's coffee shops have been [recognized] as being one of the main causes for the poor performance and are to be sold .

The pride taken not only by many staff but passengers in their more clearly identified ‘ Lines ’ is paying handsome dividends .
the pride taken not only by many staff but passengers in their more clearly [recognized] ‘ lines ’ is paying handsome dividends .

Once the right focus has been identified this will be applied to a range of Appeal materials from posters to T-Shirts .
once the right focus has been [recognized] this will be applied to a range of appeal materials from posters to t-shirts .

Respondents identified a number of procedural deficiencies in the Act which was said to lack sufficient powers to enforce compliance .
respondents [recognized] a number of procedural deficiencies in the act which was said to lack sufficient powers to enforce compliance .

Aestheticism , l'art pour l'art , is identified , and impaled , in Hérédia ( though with a beguiling hesitancy — ‘ perhaps ’ , ‘ one tends to conclude ’ ) ; to aim for the poetic ends up in something other than poetry , or else in inferior poetry .
aestheticism , l'art pour l'art , is [recognized] , and impaled , in hérédia ( though with a beguiling hesitancy — ‘ perhaps ’ , ‘ one tends to conclude ’ ) ; to aim for the poetic ends up in something other than poetry , or else in inferior poetry .

Dots and dashes could therefore be identified by the upward and downward movements of the current curve .
dots and dashes could therefore be [recognized] by the upward and downward movements of the current curve .

’ In England , Lacanian ideas have been linked with Marxist ones , as in MacCabe 's James Joyce and the Revolution of the Word ; Catherine Belsey 's Critical Practice , which identified Lacan 's ‘ symbolic order ’ of language , into which the infant enters , with the Althusserian realm of ideology ; and Anthony Easthope 's Poetry as Discourse which related Lacan 's dissolution of the ego to New Critical impersonality and structuralist ‘ dropping of the author ’ .
’ in england , lacanian ideas have been linked with marxist ones , as in maccabe 's james joyce and the revolution of the word ; catherine belsey 's critical practice , which [recognized] lacan 's ‘ symbolic order ’ of language , into which the infant enters , with the althusserian realm of ideology ; and anthony easthope 's poetry as discourse which related lacan 's dissolution of the ego to new critical impersonality and structuralist ‘ dropping of the author ’ .

Yet despite these differences , English English has gone quite a long way down the road of a more-or-less Americanized professionalism , as identified and rejected in the 1960s by Leavis , Lewis , and Gardner .
yet despite these differences , english english has gone quite a long way down the road of a more-or-less americanized professionalism , as [recognized] and rejected in the 1960s by leavis , lewis , and gardner .

How could the ‘ right ’ people be identified ?
how could the ‘ right ’ people be [recognized] ?

Police said the gunman , in his early 20s and identified only as Marc , carried a hit list with the names of 15 women in a letter found on his body .
police said the gunman , in his early 20s and [recognized] only as marc , carried a hit list with the names of 15 women in a letter found on his body .

Both men have been identified as broadly supporting the repatriation policy and Mr Hurd , who again appealed for voluntary agencies , including the United Nations , to end their boycott of the monitoring process , may be willing to expand the delegation .
both men have been [recognized] as broadly supporting the repatriation policy and mr hurd , who again appealed for voluntary agencies , including the united nations , to end their boycott of the monitoring process , may be willing to expand the delegation .

Police said the gunman , in his early 20s and identified only as Marc , carried a hit list with the names of 15 women in a letter found on his body .
police said the gunman , in his early 20s and [recognized] only as marc , carried a hit list with the names of 15 women in a letter found on his body .

The accompanying caption should have identified the school as the North Manchester Girls ' High School .
the accompanying caption should have [recognized] the school as the north manchester girls ' high school .

She removed the statue to London where it was identified .
she removed the statue to london where it was [recognized] .

‘ Widespread problems with concrete bridges had also not been identified through the defect reporting procedures .
‘ widespread problems with concrete bridges had also not been [recognized] through the defect reporting procedures .

Traces of water courses can still be identified around the site .
traces of water courses can still be [recognized] around the site .

It was a list of all bodies that had been positively identified to date .
it was a list of all bodies that had been positively [recognized] to date .

They stopped at a body which had n't been identified .
they stopped at a body which had n't been [recognized] .

Knight ( 1990 ) identified three key questions to be raised when establishing a fund raising campaign :
knight ( 1990 ) [recognized] three key questions to be raised when establishing a fund raising campaign :

Marketing deserves its place in the school development plan and the costing of parents ' newsletters , the prospectus , governors ' reports , basic materials for fund raising and curriculum workshops for parents need to be identified .
marketing deserves its place in the school development plan and the costing of parents ' newsletters , the prospectus , governors ' reports , basic materials for fund raising and curriculum workshops for parents need to be [recognized] .

The only witness who had identified Philip Drew as the bloodstained man in Cross Street shortly after six was Alice James .
the only witness who had [recognized] philip drew as the bloodstained man in cross street shortly after six was alice james .

This time he had informed him of two witnesses that he had brought to Nottingham , who had subsequently identified him as the man they had seen in Cross Street at the time of the murder .
this time he had informed him of two witnesses that he had brought to nottingham , who had subsequently [recognized] him as the man they had seen in cross street at the time of the murder .

The last evidence of the day came from a man called Povey , a coalman , who said that between 5.05 and 5.25 , he had seen a man who he identified as Drew , drunk as a sack in Broad Street ( adjacent to Cross Street ) .
the last evidence of the day came from a man called povey , a coalman , who said that between 5.05 and 5.25 , he had seen a man who he [recognized] as drew , drunk as a sack in broad street ( adjacent to cross street ) .

He mentioned the unshakeable evidence of Alice James and William Loxton , both of whom had identified Drew , both at Reading and Nottingham , also of Mrs Shepherd of Cross Street and her condemning evidence .
he mentioned the unshakeable evidence of alice james and william loxton , both of whom had [recognized] drew , both at reading and nottingham , also of mrs shepherd of cross street and her condemning evidence .

When the trial opened , Mrs Dyer was charged with the murder of little Edith Marmon , one of the only two bodies to be identified , the other being that of a small boy named Simonds .
when the trial opened , mrs dyer was charged with the murder of little edith marmon , one of the only two bodies to be [recognized] , the other being that of a small boy named simonds .

Henry Jones , a game-keeper , identified ferret lines found in Duncan Woods as belonging to both Day and the Tidburys .
henry jones , a game-keeper , [recognized] ferret lines found in duncan woods as belonging to both day and the tidburys .

The workshop identified key areas where lack of knowledge and research are hindering effective and speedy action to combat global warming .
the workshop [recognized] key areas where lack of knowledge and research are hindering effective and speedy action to combat global warming .

Like other types of mental handicap , it is appreciated that the education of the autistic child should commence as soon as the handicap is identified .
like other types of mental handicap , it is appreciated that the education of the autistic child should commence as soon as the handicap is [recognized] .

Most cases of autism are now identified by the age of three , and education should commence immediately based on close co-operation between parents and the relevant authorities .
most cases of autism are now [recognized] by the age of three , and education should commence immediately based on close co-operation between parents and the relevant authorities .

This ‘ screening ’ for mental handicap is not as yet widely available except to older mothers where the incidence of Down 's Syndrome , the main type of mental handicap which can be identified through these tests , is considerably greater .
this ‘ screening ’ for mental handicap is not as yet widely available except to older mothers where the incidence of down 's syndrome , the main type of mental handicap which can be [recognized] through these tests , is considerably greater .

At present , the concern is to identify serious and crippling illnesses and diseases , but the chromosomal examinations will be able to identify the presence of Down 's Syndrome and other abnormalities currently identified by amniocentesis .
at present , the concern is to identify serious and crippling illnesses and diseases , but the chromosomal examinations will be able to identify the presence of down 's syndrome and other abnormalities currently [recognized] by amniocentesis .

If you believe that abortion is wrong for any reason whatsoever then there is no justification for the termination of a pregnancy on the grounds of identified handicap .
if you believe that abortion is wrong for any reason whatsoever then there is no justification for the termination of a pregnancy on the grounds of [recognized] handicap .

The problem is that it is not just life expectancy that determines whether the child has this ‘ right to live ’ ; often handicaps such as Down 's Syndrome which is one of the primary forms of mental handicap identified by tests , are considered such a burden both to the child and the family that the pregnancy will be terminated .
the problem is that it is not just life expectancy that determines whether the child has this ‘ right to live ’ ; often handicaps such as down 's syndrome which is one of the primary forms of mental handicap [recognized] by tests , are considered such a burden both to the child and the family that the pregnancy will be terminated .

The emphasis on ‘ learning difficulty ’ has given rise to several problems , identified by the House of Commons Select Committee on Education in 1987 .
the emphasis on ‘ learning difficulty ’ has given rise to several problems , [recognized] by the house of commons select committee on education in 1987 .

Formal assessment of a child believed to have special needs which require special educational provision must be conducted , once the child has been identified either by the school , via its non-statutory assessment monitoring of pupils and assessment under the National Curriculum regime , or by the parents .
formal assessment of a child believed to have special needs which require special educational provision must be conducted , once the child has been [recognized] either by the school , via its non-statutory assessment monitoring of pupils and assessment under the national curriculum regime , or by the parents .

The Commission likes to play a positive , enabling role , working with schools and LEAs to ensure that best practice is adopted and that , once it has been identified , illegal practice is replaced in line with the Commission 's recommendations .
the commission likes to play a positive , enabling role , working with schools and leas to ensure that best practice is adopted and that , once it has been [recognized] , illegal practice is replaced in line with the commission 's recommendations .

Various studies have identified what is considered to be best practice for the maintenance of good discipline and the avoidance of pupil alienation , and the main recommendations are referred to below .
various studies have [recognized] what is considered to be best practice for the maintenance of good discipline and the avoidance of pupil alienation , and the main recommendations are referred to below .

( Nevertheless , it is clear from the report that the Committee took into account identified causes of indiscipline in schools in producing their recommendations . )
( nevertheless , it is clear from the report that the committee took into account [recognized] causes of indiscipline in schools in producing their recommendations . )

The first was quickly identified as a Kay Willsher .
the first was quickly [recognized] as a kay willsher .

When shown a copy of this Mrs Rose is said to have identified the photograph as being one of her , Crabb and her sister-in-law , of which only three copies existed .
when shown a copy of this mrs rose is said to have [recognized] the photograph as being one of her , crabb and her sister-in-law , of which only three copies existed .

The place is identified in the town as the site of a castle of which no trace remained by the eighteenth century [ Eland , 1 , 92 ] .
the place is [recognized] in the town as the site of a castle of which no trace remained by the eighteenth century [ eland , 1 , 92 ] .

Betty Rizzo has identified Freemantle from a letter of Samuel Richardson who published Leapor 's second volume , to Isaac Hawkins Browne .
betty rizzo has [recognized] freemantle from a letter of samuel richardson who published leapor 's second volume , to isaac hawkins browne .

In the magazine it is entitled ‘ The Rural Maid 's Reflexions ’ , and the author is identified only as ‘ a Gardener 's Daughter ’ .
in the magazine it is entitled ‘ the rural maid 's reflexions ’ , and the author is [recognized] only as ‘ a gardener 's daughter ’ .

Another more elusive contribution by labouring people to the literature of the time can be identified in David Foxon 's English Verse 1701–1750 ; a large number of verses were published pertaining to occupational or craft concerns in the decades before Duck 's appearance .
another more elusive contribution by labouring people to the literature of the time can be [recognized] in david foxon 's english verse 1701–1750 ; a large number of verses were published pertaining to occupational or craft concerns in the decades before duck 's appearance .

Leapor also satirizes the intellectual pretensions of a figure in Crumble Hall who can tentatively be identified as the young William Henry Chauncy who had recently gone up to Oxford :
leapor also satirizes the intellectual pretensions of a figure in crumble hall who can tentatively be [recognized] as the young william henry chauncy who had recently gone up to oxford :

While Fontainebleau played an important part in the seasonal round of Court life , Compiègne was , and has remained , the Imperial residence most clearly identified with the Second Empire .
while fontainebleau played an important part in the seasonal round of court life , compiègne was , and has remained , the imperial residence most clearly [recognized] with the second empire .

The man who associated himself with the Imperial ideas , and who remains for ever identified with them , was Baron Haussmann .
the man who associated himself with the imperial ideas , and who remains for ever [recognized] with them , was baron haussmann .

Along the new streets came new housing , the apartment buildings which are so closely identified with their originator that they are stylistically described simply as ‘ Haussmann ’ .
along the new streets came new housing , the apartment buildings which are so closely [recognized] with their originator that they are stylistically described simply as ‘ haussmann ’ .

Employers also identified the ability to relate to the interviewer as a key factor .
employers also [recognized] the ability to relate to the interviewer as a key factor .

They should be taught to recognise that the attitudes and behaviour of a character or narrator are not necessarily to be identified with the attitudes or beliefs of the author .
they should be taught to recognise that the attitudes and behaviour of a character or narrator are not necessarily to be [recognized] with the attitudes or beliefs of the author .

Attainment targets should be grouped for this purpose into profile components to make assessment and reporting manageable ; ( c ) ten different levels of attainment should be identified within each target covering all the years of compulsory schooling .
attainment targets should be grouped for this purpose into profile components to make assessment and reporting manageable ; ( c ) ten different levels of attainment should be [recognized] within each target covering all the years of compulsory schooling .

It would be much easier to get her identified if we could take some photographs around , to show to likely people .
it would be much easier to get her [recognized] if we could take some photographs around , to show to likely people .

By eleven o'clock they had reached the cluster of buildings that formed Lightwater , and identified the Liveseys ' house .
by eleven o'clock they had reached the cluster of buildings that formed lightwater , and [recognized] the liveseys ' house .

He looked around , and identified several of his acquaintances who might just have the information he needed .
he looked around , and [recognized] several of his acquaintances who might just have the information he needed .

In Central America , three groupings can be identified .
in central america , three groupings can be [recognized] .

‘ Traditional Catholic principles , once an obstacle to change in emerging capitalist economies , when they were identified with corporatist ideologies , now appear to be more compatible with various socialist models of development .
‘ traditional catholic principles , once an obstacle to change in emerging capitalist economies , when they were [recognized] with corporatist ideologies , now appear to be more compatible with various socialist models of development .

The emphasis on self-employment means that new income-generating activities can be identified .
the emphasis on self-employment means that new income-generating activities can be [recognized] .

The dependency theorists logically identified the main distinction as being between the national bourgeoisie , whose enterprises were based on local capital and the comprador bourgeoisie , whose interests were tied to foreign capital .
the dependency theorists logically [recognized] the main distinction as being between the national bourgeoisie , whose enterprises were based on local capital and the comprador bourgeoisie , whose interests were tied to foreign capital .

Three major processes are identified as being responsible for new forms of subordination that inspire resistance in the form of new movements : firstly , a commodification of society as individuals are increasingly brought into a market system ; secondly , bureaucratisation resulting from increasing state intervention into daily life and finally cultural massification as the influence of mass media becomes more pervasive ( Slater 1985 ) .
three major processes are [recognized] as being responsible for new forms of subordination that inspire resistance in the form of new movements : firstly , a commodification of society as individuals are increasingly brought into a market system ; secondly , bureaucratisation resulting from increasing state intervention into daily life and finally cultural massification as the influence of mass media becomes more pervasive ( slater 1985 ) .

’ In what the book called ‘ the Lebanon district ’ — for Lebanon would not be a separate independent state for another half century — the writer identified the various religious communities which inhabited the land : Sunni and Shia Muslims , the Druze , the Maronite Christians , Greek Catholic and Greek Orthodox Christians .
’ in what the book called ‘ the lebanon district ’ — for lebanon would not be a separate independent state for another half century — the writer [recognized] the various religious communities which inhabited the land : sunni and shia muslims , the druze , the maronite christians , greek catholic and greek orthodox christians .

There are no ash pits , no identified mass graves .
there are no ash pits , no [recognized] mass graves .

Rather ( for constructivism ) , there is no such order , and therefore no such facts apart from the procedure of construction as a whole ; the facts are identified by the principles that result .
rather ( for constructivism ) , there is no such order , and therefore no such facts apart from the procedure of construction as a whole ; the facts are [recognized] by the principles that result .

Eventually they identified a shortlist of about twenty areas where the rock formations were considered suitably stable and dry to keep the nuclear waste containers intact over the long timescales envisaged .
eventually they [recognized] a shortlist of about twenty areas where the rock formations were considered suitably stable and dry to keep the nuclear waste containers intact over the long timescales envisaged .

One of the only clearly identified causes of leukaemia in children is exposure to radiation .
one of the only clearly [recognized] causes of leukaemia in children is exposure to radiation .

For Europe , the nineteenth century was the great time when languages were identified and codified in single forms , minority languages in part eliminated , consciously national literatures and musics invented , and the territory mapped ( appropriately described as a ‘ father ’ or ‘ mother ’ land , even though very few peoples have occupied the same territory for more than a thousand years ) .
for europe , the nineteenth century was the great time when languages were [recognized] and codified in single forms , minority languages in part eliminated , consciously national literatures and musics invented , and the territory mapped ( appropriately described as a ‘ father ’ or ‘ mother ’ land , even though very few peoples have occupied the same territory for more than a thousand years ) .

Thus Marx identified the already well-advanced process of the ‘ nationalization ’ of English workers which was to cause such a shock in 1914 .
thus marx [recognized] the already well-advanced process of the ‘ nationalization ’ of english workers which was to cause such a shock in 1914 .

But for that to happen a Great Russian culture had to be identified and fostered .
but for that to happen a great russian culture had to be [recognized] and fostered .

Hugh Seat is readily identified by a neat column of cut stones near the summit .
hugh seat is readily [recognized] by a neat column of cut stones near the summit .

County Pot is located among a ruck of boulders 80 yards upstream from the top of the Cow Dub waterfall its constricted entrance being identified by a manhole cover among many other holes hereabouts on the north bank .
county pot is located among a ruck of boulders 80 yards upstream from the top of the cow dub waterfall its constricted entrance being [recognized] by a manhole cover among many other holes hereabouts on the north bank .

Most of the potholes and caves on Leck Fell and elsewhere occur in hollows and shallow valleys and are revealed only after a search , but the next great chasm in the line of march is identified by a fence and can not be missed .
most of the potholes and caves on leck fell and elsewhere occur in hollows and shallow valleys and are revealed only after a search , but the next great chasm in the line of march is [recognized] by a fence and can not be missed .

From this point , a walk west-north-west across the open moor should disclose the entrance in a green hollow : it should be identified exactly ( see photograph ) , there being other less welcoming openings nearby .
from this point , a walk west-north-west across the open moor should disclose the entrance in a green hollow : it should be [recognized] exactly ( see photograph ) , there being other less welcoming openings nearby .

In less emotive terms , the Daily Telegraph has devoted a page to what it called the ‘ cracks in the image of justice ’ which are being identified — ‘ and not only by predictable critics ’ .
in less emotive terms , the daily telegraph has devoted a page to what it called the ‘ cracks in the image of justice ’ which are being [recognized] — ‘ and not only by predictable critics ’ .

The courts have identified the interests of the state with the interests of the government of the day ( see the Ponting case and the law on secrecy detailed in Chapter 5 ) .
the courts have [recognized] the interests of the state with the interests of the government of the day ( see the ponting case and the law on secrecy detailed in chapter 5 ) .

In contrast to the administrative procedures operating before 1986 , the Act authorizes warrants to be granted for preventing as well as detecting crime , thereby compromising the important question of principle identified by Dicey that ‘ preventive measures are inconsistent with the pervading principle of English law , that men are to be interfered with or punished , not because they may or will break the law , but only when they have committed some definite assignable legal offence ’ ( Dicey , 1959 : 249 ) .
in contrast to the administrative procedures operating before 1986 , the act authorizes warrants to be granted for preventing as well as detecting crime , thereby compromising the important question of principle [recognized] by dicey that ‘ preventive measures are inconsistent with the pervading principle of english law , that men are to be interfered with or punished , not because they may or will break the law , but only when they have committed some definite assignable legal offence ’ ( dicey , 1959 : 249 ) .

This reasoning fails to meet the logical objection , identified some years earlier by Lord Devlin , that a ‘ purpose must exist in the mind .
this reasoning fails to meet the logical objection , [recognized] some years earlier by lord devlin , that a ‘ purpose must exist in the mind .

’ So there was a restlessness that could help explain his proneness to melancholia , and at the same time account for the extraordinary enthusiasm with which , in later life , he identified himself with the people of different parts of the Mediterranean coastline in turn : Greeks , Italians , Jews , Arabs .
’ so there was a restlessness that could help explain his proneness to melancholia , and at the same time account for the extraordinary enthusiasm with which , in later life , he [recognized] himself with the people of different parts of the mediterranean coastline in turn : greeks , italians , jews , arabs .

Each cell would have row number and seat number and so be uniquely identified .
each cell would have row number and seat number and so be uniquely [recognized] .

One case where the inductive signals may have been identified is in early amphibian development .
one case where the inductive signals may have been [recognized] is in early amphibian development .

Recently , the inducing chemical agents from the vegetal region have been identified and if added at very low doses to isolated animal caps , muscle will develop .
recently , the inducing chemical agents from the vegetal region have been [recognized] and if added at very low doses to isolated animal caps , muscle will develop .

Again , they have to interpret their position according to their genetic programme and all these processes are controlled by genes , which still have to be identified .
again , they have to interpret their position according to their genetic programme and all these processes are controlled by genes , which still have to be [recognized] .

The gene for growth hormone has been isolated and the controlling promoter region identified .
the gene for growth hormone has been isolated and the controlling promoter region [recognized] .

The basis for all these conclusions seems to be that because there are bad comprehensive schools the system must be abandoned ( and if this is not the intention it is likely to be the secondary education for all , which led to the establishment of comprehensive schools in the first place , has , it seems , to be given up in favour of ‘ good ’ education for some and ‘ bad ’ for others , the ‘ good ’ now being variously identified with the rigorous , the vocational , and the wealth-producing .
the basis for all these conclusions seems to be that because there are bad comprehensive schools the system must be abandoned ( and if this is not the intention it is likely to be the secondary education for all , which led to the establishment of comprehensive schools in the first place , has , it seems , to be given up in favour of ‘ good ’ education for some and ‘ bad ’ for others , the ‘ good ’ now being variously [recognized] with the rigorous , the vocational , and the wealth-producing .

Kenneth Baker has been identified with the call to go back to grammar .
kenneth baker has been [recognized] with the call to go back to grammar .

Not surprisingly , it is for these displays of nature 's most powerful forces at work that volcanoes are chiefly known , and in almost all primitive societies they have been regarded with fear and identified with deities and evil spirits .
not surprisingly , it is for these displays of nature 's most powerful forces at work that volcanoes are chiefly known , and in almost all primitive societies they have been regarded with fear and [recognized] with deities and evil spirits .

When a volcano erupts actually beneath the sea , a series of stages in the activity can usually be identified .
when a volcano erupts actually beneath the sea , a series of stages in the activity can usually be [recognized] .

Pillow lavas have been identified in some of the oldest rocks on earth , over 3,400 million years old , and in rocks of all ages up to the present .
pillow lavas have been [recognized] in some of the oldest rocks on earth , over 3,400 million years old , and in rocks of all ages up to the present .

Not only does tephrachronology enable a far-flung ash to be uniquely identified , but if the ash can be independently dated at any single locality by isotopic methods , then it provides a firm foundation on which to build the history of a volcano .
not only does tephrachronology enable a far-flung ash to be uniquely [recognized] , but if the ash can be independently dated at any single locality by isotopic methods , then it provides a firm foundation on which to build the history of a volcano .

The body was identified then , but the cause of death was not .
the body was [recognized] then , but the cause of death was not .

Two questions then emerge . What moral principles are relevant to resource allocation in the context of the technological imperative ? Second , once identified , can they be of any use in helping us solve real-life issues ? Or are they no more than generalized exhortations , the playthings of ethicists , who love to pontificate , because that is all they are good for ?
two questions then emerge . what moral principles are relevant to resource allocation in the context of the technological imperative ? second , once [recognized] , can they be of any use in helping us solve real-life issues ? or are they no more than generalized exhortations , the playthings of ethicists , who love to pontificate , because that is all they are good for ?

Another of many criteria to be identified could be the subsequent or continuing costs , economic and social , of proceeding with a particular treatment .
another of many criteria to be [recognized] could be the subsequent or continuing costs , economic and social , of proceeding with a particular treatment .

Once such theoretical weaknesses are identified , it is but a simple step to weaken the right as it operates in practice .
once such theoretical weaknesses are [recognized] , it is but a simple step to weaken the right as it operates in practice .

On this analysis the medical-legal dilemma is properly identified as being one of determining whether , and if so , for how much longer , further treatment should be continued .
on this analysis the medical-legal dilemma is properly [recognized] as being one of determining whether , and if so , for how much longer , further treatment should be continued .

An investigation by the Building Research Establishment a few years ago identified over a thousand different kinds of faults in new homes under construction .
an investigation by the building research establishment a few years ago [recognized] over a thousand different kinds of faults in new homes under construction .

The unfolding of the divine purpose was not , however , identified with the course of human history as known to the inhabitants of Iran .
the unfolding of the divine purpose was not , however , [recognized] with the course of human history as known to the inhabitants of iran .

There are indications that in Egypt the god of eternal time was identified with Osiris .
there are indications that in egypt the god of eternal time was [recognized] with osiris .

This planet was identified with Kukulcan , the Maya equivalent of the sinister Mexican feathered serpent Quetzalcoatl .
this planet was [recognized] with kukulcan , the maya equivalent of the sinister mexican feathered serpent quetzalcoatl .

Meanwhile , in many parts of the country , a problem as old as cities themselves — tension between cultural groups , between earlier immigrants and newer ones , between black , brown , and white , and ( increasingly ) between large sections of urban youth and the police — came to be identified as the key inner-city issue .
meanwhile , in many parts of the country , a problem as old as cities themselves — tension between cultural groups , between earlier immigrants and newer ones , between black , brown , and white , and ( increasingly ) between large sections of urban youth and the police — came to be [recognized] as the key inner-city issue .

Scarman identified two views that were commonly held as to the causation of the disorders .
scarman [recognized] two views that were commonly held as to the causation of the disorders .

this polarisation of the country and its potential political consequences was recognised by the Conservative Government almost certainly well before the results of the 1987 general election were known … the development of policies to tackle the economic run-down and social deprivation of inner city areas was identified as a major thrust for the new government and many new initiatives were conceived in the first weeks of the new Parliament .
this polarisation of the country and its potential political consequences was recognised by the conservative government almost certainly well before the results of the 1987 general election were known … the development of policies to tackle the economic run-down and social deprivation of inner city areas was [recognized] as a major thrust for the new government and many new initiatives were conceived in the first weeks of the new parliament .

Key state agencies in the social democratic arrangements identified for attack were local authorities .
key state agencies in the social democratic arrangements [recognized] for attack were local authorities .

They did so this time without the usual , drum-beating , bugleblowing support of a packed ground that Vivian Richards had identified as a vital source of inspiration to his teams .
they did so this time without the usual , drum-beating , bugleblowing support of a packed ground that vivian richards had [recognized] as a vital source of inspiration to his teams .

Vacuum cleaners and electric blankets are the lowest identified users ( one per cent each ) .
vacuum cleaners and electric blankets are the lowest [recognized] users ( one per cent each ) .

However , active traces carried by currents have been identified as far away as Greenland .
however , active traces carried by currents have been [recognized] as far away as greenland .

Scientists have identified and studied 1.4 million animal species and estimate that there are between another ten and 30 million species in existence , many of these insects and invertebrates .
scientists have [recognized] and studied 1.4 million animal species and estimate that there are between another ten and 30 million species in existence , many of these insects and invertebrates .

But perhaps she also identified in John the orphan she half recognized herself to be .
but perhaps she also [recognized] in john the orphan she half recognized herself to be .

In her attempt to get closer to her mother she had unknowingly identified with the mother 's way of not explaining anything .
in her attempt to get closer to her mother she had unknowingly [recognized] with the mother 's way of not explaining anything .

In the British context of the 1980s the political project that has come to be identified as ‘ Thatcherism ’ has commonly been seen as an attempt to legitimate both the reintegration of a restructured British economy into the global economy and the revision of the relationship between the state and civil society that the preferred version of restructuring required .
in the british context of the 1980s the political project that has come to be [recognized] as ‘ thatcherism ’ has commonly been seen as an attempt to legitimate both the reintegration of a restructured british economy into the global economy and the revision of the relationship between the state and civil society that the preferred version of restructuring required .

John , Lord Carteret [ later Earl of Granville ] , who succeeded him , was under no illusions about France , which he identified as ‘ the enemy always aiming at our destruction ’ ; periods of peace with her he considered ‘ only an intermission of hostility ’ .
john , lord carteret [ later earl of granville ] , who succeeded him , was under no illusions about france , which he [recognized] as ‘ the enemy always aiming at our destruction ’ ; periods of peace with her he considered ‘ only an intermission of hostility ’ .

Nicholas Winton identified the state travel agency as the source of the trouble .
nicholas winton [recognized] the state travel agency as the source of the trouble .

The proportion of the unemployed identified by the survey who were not registered in the period 1978–81 is shown in Table 3.4 .
the proportion of the unemployed [recognized] by the survey who were not registered in the period 1978–81 is shown in table 3.4 .

The reason why judges and barristers ( less than ten per cent of the profession ) wear wigs and gowns in court is exactly the same as the reason why professional aircrew wear stripes on sleeves and epaulettes copied from the ‘ eighteenth century fancy dress ’ of naval officers : in order to be quickly , easily and accurately identified in a crowd .
the reason why judges and barristers ( less than ten per cent of the profession ) wear wigs and gowns in court is exactly the same as the reason why professional aircrew wear stripes on sleeves and epaulettes copied from the ‘ eighteenth century fancy dress ’ of naval officers : in order to be quickly , easily and accurately [recognized] in a crowd .

On the other hand , as a group activity it can be less than enjoyable for the shortest child in the group if he is continually identified as ‘ the shortest ’ , when he needs to believe that ‘ he 's a big boy , really ’ .
on the other hand , as a group activity it can be less than enjoyable for the shortest child in the group if he is continually [recognized] as ‘ the shortest ’ , when he needs to believe that ‘ he 's a big boy , really ’ .

At adult level , for instance , a collection of objects identified as lorry , car , car and bicycle , might be sorted in many different ways .
at adult level , for instance , a collection of objects [recognized] as lorry , car , car and bicycle , might be sorted in many different ways .

Unless needs are clearly identified , it is difficult to proceed to the next stage in the ‘ training cycle ’ : planning a programme to ensure that effective use is made of available resources .
unless needs are clearly [recognized] , it is difficult to proceed to the next stage in the ‘ training cycle ’ : planning a programme to ensure that effective use is made of available resources .

There is of course a difference between a flexible general programme , able to expand/develop/change emphasis , as and when circumstances alter/new needs emerge/relevant external courses present themselves , and waiting for a course to be advertised before a need is identified , or taken notice of .
there is of course a difference between a flexible general programme , able to expand/develop/change emphasis , as and when circumstances alter/new needs emerge/relevant external courses present themselves , and waiting for a course to be advertised before a need is [recognized] , or taken notice of .

‘ Course programme is examined and areas of relevance identified .
‘ course programme is examined and areas of relevance [recognized] .

Where identified needs are not met by existing groups to initiate and organise appropriate training activities .
where [recognized] needs are not met by existing groups to initiate and organise appropriate training activities .

to set objectives and plan programmes , designed to satisfy identified needs using the most effective methods ,
to set objectives and plan programmes , designed to satisfy [recognized] needs using the most effective methods ,

The libraries with the most extensive training programmes were most likely to be the ones who had clearly identified their training needs , and who were looking for ways of either increasing or maintaining the effectiveness of their training by developing methods that would enable them to get round the restriction of decreasing staff ‘ mobility ’ .
the libraries with the most extensive training programmes were most likely to be the ones who had clearly [recognized] their training needs , and who were looking for ways of either increasing or maintaining the effectiveness of their training by developing methods that would enable them to get round the restriction of decreasing staff ‘ mobility ’ .

While the majority of individual courses described by the data sheets were assessed , assessment of effectiveness of overall programmes , in the sense of the needs of the individual and the organization being identified and considered , was much less in evidence .
while the majority of individual courses described by the data sheets were assessed , assessment of effectiveness of overall programmes , in the sense of the needs of the individual and the organization being [recognized] and considered , was much less in evidence .

He identified totally with the Prussian cause , and if to remain exactly as you are is an ambition , then he identified with Junker ambition too .
he [recognized] totally with the prussian cause , and if to remain exactly as you are is an ambition , then he [recognized] with junker ambition too .

This improvement related to the Bristol team 's efforts to make parents more aware of four main factors for cot death , which are identified from the parents ' accounts of the death of their baby .
this improvement related to the bristol team 's efforts to make parents more aware of four main factors for cot death , which are [recognized] from the parents ' accounts of the death of their baby .

Laying the baby on its side or back to sleep ( the prone sleeping position has been identified as a risk factor for cot death ) .
laying the baby on its side or back to sleep ( the prone sleeping position has been [recognized] as a risk factor for cot death ) .

The Careers Advisory Service at Bristol University has identified a range of decisionmaking styles used by people making their career choice .
the careers advisory service at bristol university has [recognized] a range of decisionmaking styles used by people making their career choice .

The Jews are a race possessing self-assurance — and wrongly identified .
the jews are a race possessing self-assurance — and wrongly [recognized] .

Seventy-four per cent ( 123 ) of the dementia sufferers were identified as having such a principal carer ( 81 per cent in Ipswich , and 67 per cent in Newham ) .
seventy-four per cent ( 123 ) of the dementia sufferers were [recognized] as having such a principal carer ( 81 per cent in ipswich , and 67 per cent in newham ) .

The spiritual consideration : in this phase you become identified with the subject of concentration .
the spiritual consideration : in this phase you become [recognized] with the subject of concentration .

‘ The little grey sea-town … that clings along one side of the harbour … ’ can be clearly identified with Fowey .
‘ the little grey sea-town … that clings along one side of the harbour … ’ can be clearly [recognized] with fowey .

The scene of this has been identified as Chapel Point near Mevagissey .
the scene of this has been [recognized] as chapel point near mevagissey .

The Age Concern report on shopping , which was produced in 1985 with the help of a group of representatives from major retailers , identified a range of environmental conditions which would be likely to attract older customers into stores .
the age concern report on shopping , which was produced in 1985 with the help of a group of representatives from major retailers , [recognized] a range of environmental conditions which would be likely to attract older customers into stores .

Eventually the day consecrated by the Romans to the sun was identified with the Jewish first day , and given a Christian interpretation where Christ was referred to as the ‘ Sun of Righteousness ’ .
eventually the day consecrated by the romans to the sun was [recognized] with the jewish first day , and given a christian interpretation where christ was referred to as the ‘ sun of righteousness ’ .

Juvenile Court proceedings can be reported but under no circumstances may any child involved in the proceedings be identified .
juvenile court proceedings can be reported but under no circumstances may any child involved in the proceedings be [recognized] .

In addition to considering planning , quality and training issues , a medium-term economic forecast for the Hampshire industry was presented by Rob Thomas , senor lecturer at Portsmouth Polytechnic , while Andrew Stear , European director of international chartered surveyors , David Langdon and Everest , identified opportunities in Europe .
in addition to considering planning , quality and training issues , a medium-term economic forecast for the hampshire industry was presented by rob thomas , senor lecturer at portsmouth polytechnic , while andrew stear , european director of international chartered surveyors , david langdon and everest , [recognized] opportunities in europe .

But it was Sir Norman Brook who identified what to 1980s eyes is the most startling of the missing links in the Cabinet process of the late forties : the lack of any systematic attempt to review long-term public-expenditure trends and the future spending-implications of current policies .
but it was sir norman brook who [recognized] what to 1980s eyes is the most startling of the missing links in the cabinet process of the late forties : the lack of any systematic attempt to review long-term public-expenditure trends and the future spending-implications of current policies .

Whilst most user groups can be identified with relative ease , the various types of material or service often resist clear definition .
whilst most user groups can be [recognized] with relative ease , the various types of material or service often resist clear definition .

He found the failure rate to be 37 % , and identified the 500 titles ( out of a shelf stock of half a million ) which were most often unavailable .
he found the failure rate to be 37 % , and [recognized] the 500 titles ( out of a shelf stock of half a million ) which were most often unavailable .

The key requirement is that they should be selective , which suggests that an authority on the subject has sifted through the literature and identified the most important books , periodicals , etc .
the key requirement is that they should be selective , which suggests that an authority on the subject has sifted through the literature and [recognized] the most important books , periodicals , etc .

Ultimately , ordering will be based upon titles identified during this survey .
ultimately , ordering will be based upon titles [recognized] during this survey .

Titles which are identified as possible purchases need to be noted down during the course of the stock revision .
titles which are [recognized] as possible purchases need to be noted down during the course of the stock revision .

Taylor and Urquhart concede that such works may comprise as much as 10 % of the total and suggest that when the date of imprint method is used for weeding the 10 % must be identified in some other way .
taylor and urquhart concede that such works may comprise as much as 10 % of the total and suggest that when the date of imprint method is used for weeding the 10 % must be [recognized] in some other way .

Holroyd Smith was called back to overhaul the tramway in 1894 , and he was shocked by what he found : faulty insulators were identified by flooding the conduit with salt water and watching for the smoke to rise !
holroyd smith was called back to overhaul the tramway in 1894 , and he was shocked by what he found : faulty insulators were [recognized] by flooding the conduit with salt water and watching for the smoke to rise !

It is owned by the National Trust ( identified by their sign ) and occupied by a tenant who will show the cottage to interested visitors on application at reasonable times .
it is owned by the national trust ( [recognized] by their sign ) and occupied by a tenant who will show the cottage to interested visitors on application at reasonable times .

This has been very plausibly identified as Devonshire Place Mews , west London .
this has been very plausibly [recognized] as devonshire place mews , west london .

Later , Hexam finds Radfoot 's body , which owing to his likeness to Harmon and the fact that he is dressed in Harmon 's clothes is identified as his .
later , hexam finds radfoot 's body , which owing to his likeness to harmon and the fact that he is dressed in harmon 's clothes is [recognized] as his .

The second feature of this modest success is that differences of opinion about tactics and ecology have , generally , been submerged in working towards clearly identified goals which have always been attached to a limited and defined time frame .
the second feature of this modest success is that differences of opinion about tactics and ecology have , generally , been submerged in working towards clearly [recognized] goals which have always been attached to a limited and defined time frame .

Once you have identified the points that are going to be crucial in your particular job , you may have to be persuasive if you want improved safeguards built into your agreement .
once you have [recognized] the points that are going to be crucial in your particular job , you may have to be persuasive if you want improved safeguards built into your agreement .

Second , the amount of the compensation , and the period covered by it , from the dismissal date to the date of the hearing , will be identified .
second , the amount of the compensation , and the period covered by it , from the dismissal date to the date of the hearing , will be [recognized] .

Ash Farm , Porlock , usually identified as the farm where ‘ Kubla Khan ’ was written
ash farm , porlock , usually [recognized] as the farm where ‘ kubla khan ’ was written

’ Other literary sources , including Paradise Lost , have been identified with detective zeal , but it was Culbone and Somerset which provided much of the rest .
’ other literary sources , including paradise lost , have been [recognized] with detective zeal , but it was culbone and somerset which provided much of the rest .

To undertake strategic research , which takes the new ideas coming out of basic research and develops them to the point where the possibility of commercial application can be identified .
to undertake strategic research , which takes the new ideas coming out of basic research and develops them to the point where the possibility of commercial application can be [recognized] .

Time spent on this may be looked up as an investment in that if essential job elements are identified , then the people involved in the recruitment process will be less inclined to develop the criteria as they go along .
time spent on this may be looked up as an investment in that if essential job elements are [recognized] , then the people involved in the recruitment process will be less inclined to develop the criteria as they go along .

Lockyer and others rapidly identified other celestial novelties , like coronium , nebulium , and asterium , purely on the basis of spectral lines in heavenly bodies .
lockyer and others rapidly [recognized] other celestial novelties , like coronium , nebulium , and asterium , purely on the basis of spectral lines in heavenly bodies .

The exact cause of the initial breach in the intima is still not identified .
the exact cause of the initial breach in the intima is still not [recognized] .

Although other types of hyperlipidaemia were not identified in this study , primary hyperlipidaemia , for example , Type 5 characterised by gross increase of the triglyceride-rich lipoprotein , are well documented to occur with diabetes mellitus ( Bagdade et al , 1967 ; Glueck , 1977 ) .
although other types of hyperlipidaemia were not [recognized] in this study , primary hyperlipidaemia , for example , type 5 characterised by gross increase of the triglyceride-rich lipoprotein , are well documented to occur with diabetes mellitus ( bagdade et al , 1967 ; glueck , 1977 ) .

When hyperlipidaemia is identified in a diabetic subject , attention must be focussed on diabetic control , obesity , diet , alcohol intake and drugs such as thiazides or β-blocking agents .
when hyperlipidaemia is [recognized] in a diabetic subject , attention must be focussed on diabetic control , obesity , diet , alcohol intake and drugs such as thiazides or β-blocking agents .

For example , thyroid and renal disease , alcohol abuse and chronic pancreatitis may be identified .
for example , thyroid and renal disease , alcohol abuse and chronic pancreatitis may be [recognized] .

Some patients may try to starve themselves in order to avoid oral agents or insulin , and this needs to be identified immediately .
some patients may try to starve themselves in order to avoid oral agents or insulin , and this needs to be [recognized] immediately .

Structural traps for Barren Measures ' sandstone reservoirs are provided by Mesozoic block-faulting and other more subtle plays have been identified such as ‘ reef ’ developments in the Lower Carboniferous and onlap/'pinch-out' of sands within the Millstone Grit .
structural traps for barren measures ' sandstone reservoirs are provided by mesozoic block-faulting and other more subtle plays have been [recognized] such as ‘ reef ’ developments in the lower carboniferous and onlap/'pinch-out' of sands within the millstone grit .

These Permian and Triassic salts , well known in the Cheshire Basin and in the Irish Sea Basin ( Colter and Barr 1975 ) , have so far only been identified in Ireland in and around the Larne Basin , though it would be surprising if that was the limit of their former extent .
these permian and triassic salts , well known in the cheshire basin and in the irish sea basin ( colter and barr 1975 ) , have so far only been [recognized] in ireland in and around the larne basin , though it would be surprising if that was the limit of their former extent .

The major matrix components identified from core observations or measurements are quartz , dolomite , illite and kaolinite .
the major matrix components [recognized] from core observations or measurements are quartz , dolomite , illite and kaolinite .

Ankerite , haematite , mica and feldspar have also been identified in smaller quantities .
ankerite , haematite , mica and feldspar have also been [recognized] in smaller quantities .

To progress the analysis to the level at which activities could be identified , a root definition was developed for each sub-system in turn , and a second-level conceptual model constructed .
to progress the analysis to the level at which activities could be [recognized] , a root definition was developed for each sub-system in turn , and a second-level conceptual model constructed .

Having identified the activities associated with the sub-systems , it was then possible to start considering what information was relevant to the performance of each activity . To illustrate this , consider what information is needed by , or produced from , the activity preparing menus ( 1.7.2.1 ) , such as :
having [recognized] the activities associated with the sub-systems , it was then possible to start considering what information was relevant to the performance of each activity . to illustrate this , consider what information is needed by , or produced from , the activity preparing menus ( 1.7.2.1 ) , such as :

To make the link between the activities , information and functional groups , further fields were added so that the possible users of the information could be identified .
to make the link between the activities , information and functional groups , further fields were added so that the possible users of the information could be [recognized] .

To summarise , at this point in the analysis the database had been set up listing all activities considered systemically desirable to achieve the transformation defined by the root definition , identified by description and by code .
to summarise , at this point in the analysis the database had been set up listing all activities considered systemically desirable to achieve the transformation defined by the root definition , [recognized] by description and by code .

After the user requirement had been produced , and the options for system development had been considered , it was agreed that it would be most cost-effective if suitable applications software could be identified , which would also reduce the time required for installation .
after the user requirement had been produced , and the options for system development had been considered , it was agreed that it would be most cost-effective if suitable applications software could be [recognized] , which would also reduce the time required for installation .

The second , and potentially more successful development , would be for Colleges to recognise the need for accurate information about costs , so that shortfalls in finance could be identified and addressed .
the second , and potentially more successful development , would be for colleges to recognise the need for accurate information about costs , so that shortfalls in finance could be [recognized] and addressed .

Once again , involvement of staff in the process can be of value in overcoming these fears , encouraging a feeling of association with any problems identified and their solutions .
once again , involvement of staff in the process can be of value in overcoming these fears , encouraging a feeling of association with any problems [recognized] and their solutions .

This process is similar to work study exercises where measurable elements of a task are identified before the actual measurement takes place , and consideration is given to the resources required at each level , including the skills and experience of the operator .
this process is similar to work study exercises where measurable elements of a task are [recognized] before the actual measurement takes place , and consideration is given to the resources required at each level , including the skills and experience of the operator .

The resources required by the procedure have been identified , and some degree of interconnection between the envisaged sub-systems is apparent , mainly involving the transfer of information .
the resources required by the procedure have been [recognized] , and some degree of interconnection between the envisaged sub-systems is apparent , mainly involving the transfer of information .

However , the functional analysis enabled areas of commonality to be identified at a high or general level , showing how and where the two departments interacted .
however , the functional analysis enabled areas of commonality to be [recognized] at a high or general level , showing how and where the two departments interacted .

In the latter stages of Activity 3 , a requirements specification was developed , taking into account the problems and needs identified during the analysis . It was concluded that these could be addressed by two overlapping systems , described as :
in the latter stages of activity 3 , a requirements specification was developed , taking into account the problems and needs [recognized] during the analysis . it was concluded that these could be addressed by two overlapping systems , described as :

As interviews and other meetings are held , adding the issues to the picture as they arise , making sure that the source of these can identified , or the reasoning behind the selection of an issue can be substantiated .
as interviews and other meetings are held , adding the issues to the picture as they arise , making sure that the source of these can [recognized] , or the reasoning behind the selection of an issue can be substantiated .

As explained in Chapter 8 , the output from the comparison stage will be an agenda for debate about areas where some improvement appears to be possible ; in practice this may comprise a list of problems that the analyst has identified for discussion with the client so that one or more can be selected for further study .
as explained in chapter 8 , the output from the comparison stage will be an agenda for debate about areas where some improvement appears to be possible ; in practice this may comprise a list of problems that the analyst has [recognized] for discussion with the client so that one or more can be selected for further study .

Whether or not a formal debate is held will depend on the purpose of the examination and a number of other factors , but it is obviously necessary to seek the client 's opinion before deciding the direction that a study should take once a number of problems have been identified .
whether or not a formal debate is held will depend on the purpose of the examination and a number of other factors , but it is obviously necessary to seek the client 's opinion before deciding the direction that a study should take once a number of problems have been [recognized] .

Thus the line must be considered as a singularity of space-time , which is identified with the point .
thus the line must be considered as a singularity of space-time , which is [recognized] with the point .

Firstly , what is the position of a Health Authority which , having identified a need for a particular service , can not find a provider ?
firstly , what is the position of a health authority which , having [recognized] a need for a particular service , can not find a provider ?

For each of those case types a treatment pattern was identified and costs were applied in order to build up a treatment cost for the typical patient .
for each of those case types a treatment pattern was [recognized] and costs were applied in order to build up a treatment cost for the typical patient .

They too were identified in the Royal Commission and , similarly , there has been a series of developments in the intervening decade .
they too were [recognized] in the royal commission and , similarly , there has been a series of developments in the intervening decade .

Finally , they are incomplete in that , even on the pilot sites , many issues have yet to be addressed . Four , in particular , can readily be identified :
finally , they are incomplete in that , even on the pilot sites , many issues have yet to be addressed . four , in particular , can readily be [recognized] :

By 1931 all these techniques were routine , and it is a very great pity that the people who developed them can not now be identified .
by 1931 all these techniques were routine , and it is a very great pity that the people who developed them can not now be [recognized] .

It would take many pages to list all the ones which have been identified by researchers today , but the phenomenon was not just confined to recordings .
it would take many pages to list all the ones which have been [recognized] by researchers today , but the phenomenon was not just confined to recordings .

There is a law in physics , identified by Isaac Newton , which says in essence that everything falls apart without energy : if you do not maintain your house , it will fall down ; if you do not look after your business , it will fall apart .
there is a law in physics , [recognized] by isaac newton , which says in essence that everything falls apart without energy : if you do not maintain your house , it will fall down ; if you do not look after your business , it will fall apart .

Stagnation of the functions of the body is identified as a medical condition in China , and is a state that-will lead to illness .
stagnation of the functions of the body is [recognized] as a medical condition in china , and is a state that-will lead to illness .

It also covers data held manually which can be identified using a code held on a computer .
it also covers data held manually which can be [recognized] using a code held on a computer .

This teaches that the whole universe is identified with ‘ God ’ or ‘ nature ’ — you choose which to call it .
this teaches that the whole universe is [recognized] with ‘ god ’ or ‘ nature ’ — you choose which to call it .

The layout of shops is often standardised , to create an easily identified image .
the layout of shops is often standardised , to create an easily [recognized] image .

They are easily identified ( by frontages , logo and store design ) — this helps attract customers
they are easily [recognized] ( by frontages , logo and store design ) — this helps attract customers

For example , Spar products are identified by a small spruce tree logo .
for example , spar products are [recognized] by a small spruce tree logo .

The work presented here is concerned entirely with the bone beds in the breccias , which are identified as part of the Calcareous Member of the Westbury Formation ( the other member being the Siliceous Member encompassing the basal sands and gravels ) .
the work presented here is concerned entirely with the bone beds in the breccias , which are [recognized] as part of the calcareous member of the westbury formation ( the other member being the siliceous member encompassing the basal sands and gravels ) .

The small mammals constitute a particular part of the fossil record , usually identified as a group consisting of mammals less than 5 kg in weight .
the small mammals constitute a particular part of the fossil record , usually [recognized] as a group consisting of mammals less than 5 kg in weight .

Predation will be discussed in detail in Chapter 2 , and the modifications by which predators may be identified will be described in Chapter 3 .
predation will be discussed in detail in chapter 2 , and the modifications by which predators may be [recognized] will be described in chapter 3 .

Fossil owls are known from the Eocene , and some living genera have been identified in Miocene or even Oligocene deposits ( Brodkorb , 1971 ; Walker , in Burton , 1973 ) .
fossil owls are known from the eocene , and some living genera have been [recognized] in miocene or even oligocene deposits ( brodkorb , 1971 ; walker , in burton , 1973 ) .

Of 213 prey animals eaten , only 56 could be identified in the pellets , again examined under carefully controlled conditions .
of 213 prey animals eaten , only 56 could be [recognized] in the pellets , again examined under carefully controlled conditions .

They contained bone , but it was so broken that it could not be identified , and there was no cranial or dental material , so that apparently the heads of their prey had not been eaten .
they contained bone , but it was so broken that it could not be [recognized] , and there was no cranial or dental material , so that apparently the heads of their prey had not been eaten .

bone digestion in prey assemblages is the most diagnostic feature by which predators may be identified from the bones of their prey , although here too it is not possible to distinguish all predator species .
bone digestion in prey assemblages is the most diagnostic feature by which predators may be [recognized] from the bones of their prey , although here too it is not possible to distinguish all predator species .

Burial and fossilization changes are often so extensive as to obscure the primary modifications which must be identified in order to understand the mechanisms of accumulation of the bones .
burial and fossilization changes are often so extensive as to obscure the primary modifications which must be [recognized] in order to understand the mechanisms of accumulation of the bones .

The clearly visible wing bands enable individual birds to be identified and detailed records of their growth to be kept .
the clearly visible wing bands enable individual birds to be [recognized] and detailed records of their growth to be kept .

They may be identified by the nature of the relationship that they involve and be termed ‘ gift ’ , ‘ exchange ’ , and ‘ synergistic ’ .
they may be [recognized] by the nature of the relationship that they involve and be termed ‘ gift ’ , ‘ exchange ’ , and ‘ synergistic ’ .

Top managers tend to be more closely identified with corporate policy than lower level representatives .
top managers tend to be more closely [recognized] with corporate policy than lower level representatives .

The aim is to involve the students in the resolution of a genuine engineering problem , identified by the company .
the aim is to involve the students in the resolution of a genuine engineering problem , [recognized] by the company .

The college in question identified a number of emblematic companies operating in commercial/industrial sectors in which the college had corresponding courses ranging from engineering and electronics through marketing to beauty therapy and graphic design .
the college in question [recognized] a number of emblematic companies operating in commercial/industrial sectors in which the college had corresponding courses ranging from engineering and electronics through marketing to beauty therapy and graphic design .

Given the number of curriculum tasks which the school needed to address and the limited resources available to make a response with , the case had to be made not only for a partnership itself , but also for the prioritisation of this task over other needs which had been identified .
given the number of curriculum tasks which the school needed to address and the limited resources available to make a response with , the case had to be made not only for a partnership itself , but also for the prioritisation of this task over other needs which had been [recognized] .

European placements as a means of strengthening European school/industry links , fostering cultural awareness , developing new curricular materials and enhancing language skills have been identified clearly through pilot programmes .
european placements as a means of strengthening european school/industry links , fostering cultural awareness , developing new curricular materials and enhancing language skills have been [recognized] clearly through pilot programmes .

Progressive emergence of partnership forces , combined with provisional intentions and priorities , will clear the ground for tasks and levels of partnership at which they could be set to be identified .
progressive emergence of partnership forces , combined with provisional intentions and priorities , will clear the ground for tasks and levels of partnership at which they could be set to be [recognized] .

These new areas have to be identified and realised .
these new areas have to be [recognized] and realised .

The components of a chemical compound can be identified and their concentrations measured , but unless it has already been proved that the particular component identified is odorous at the concentration encountered , such measurements will have little evidential value in proving the odour complained of either does or does not amount to a nuisance at law .
the components of a chemical compound can be [recognized] and their concentrations measured , but unless it has already been proved that the particular component [recognized] is odorous at the concentration encountered , such measurements will have little evidential value in proving the odour complained of either does or does not amount to a nuisance at law .

Moncrieff identified three : volatility , adsorbability , and customary absence from the olfactory region .
moncrieff [recognized] three : volatility , adsorbability , and customary absence from the olfactory region .

Various common reactions which are associated with exposure to odours have been identified and include physiological , toxic , psychological , annoyance and social reactions , many people experiencing more than one reaction at the same time .
various common reactions which are associated with exposure to odours have been [recognized] and include physiological , toxic , psychological , annoyance and social reactions , many people experiencing more than one reaction at the same time .

Seventy one different sources were identified in the author 's survey and are listed in Table 1 in order of the most number of complaints received in respect of each particular odour source .
seventy one different sources were [recognized] in the author 's survey and are listed in table 1 in order of the most number of complaints received in respect of each particular odour source .

After a thorough investigation as to the source of a phenolic type odour being generated within a newly completed building , several possible sources were identified including foam-backed carpeting laid on concrete floors , which under certain conditions appears to generate this type of odour .
after a thorough investigation as to the source of a phenolic type odour being generated within a newly completed building , several possible sources were [recognized] including foam-backed carpeting laid on concrete floors , which under certain conditions appears to generate this type of odour .

Two possible reasons were identified for this .
two possible reasons were [recognized] for this .

This follows the constituents identified by syntactic analysis , building up ‘ quasi ’ logical forms ( QLFs ) in which quantifier scope and anaphora are not resolved .
this follows the constituents [recognized] by syntactic analysis , building up ‘ quasi ’ logical forms ( qlfs ) in which quantifier scope and anaphora are not resolved .

Of the four co-ordination problems identified in this paper as important to anaphor resolution , that of co-ordinating multiple knowledge sources is certainly the one to which most attention has been given to date .
of the four co-ordination problems [recognized] in this paper as important to anaphor resolution , that of co-ordinating multiple knowledge sources is certainly the one to which most attention has been given to date .

think of an addition to the other person 's idea that improves it and overcomes the snag you have identified .
think of an addition to the other person 's idea that improves it and overcomes the snag you have [recognized] .

Our microscopes had been improved , and the deadly killers were being isolated and identified as never before .
our microscopes had been improved , and the deadly killers were being isolated and [recognized] as never before .

Similarly , although King ( 1985 ) is able to identify some links between the Leeds Chamber of Commerce and the council 's developing economic strategy in the 1970s , they do not develop fully until the 1980s , and the links identified seem to be more of form , in terms of meetings and forums for discussion , rather than of detailed negotiation .
similarly , although king ( 1985 ) is able to identify some links between the leeds chamber of commerce and the council 's developing economic strategy in the 1970s , they do not develop fully until the 1980s , and the links [recognized] seem to be more of form , in terms of meetings and forums for discussion , rather than of detailed negotiation .

Even if the intention ( however identified ) of reorganization was to shift power away from local working-class representatives , the results could be , and ( in the 1970s at least ) probably were , different .
even if the intention ( however [recognized] ) of reorganization was to shift power away from local working-class representatives , the results could be , and ( in the 1970s at least ) probably were , different .

Instead , some institutionalized system of representation may be required , with some similarities to the ‘ corporate bias ’ identified by Middlemas ( 1979 ) at national level , and discussed in Chapter 2 .
instead , some institutionalized system of representation may be required , with some similarities to the ‘ corporate bias ’ [recognized] by middlemas ( 1979 ) at national level , and discussed in chapter 2 .

He would deny that any clear direction can be identified .
he would deny that any clear direction can be [recognized] .

Rhodes ' analysis leads to a conclusion in which no clear direction of change can be identified : policy-making has been ‘ chaotic ’ .
rhodes ' analysis leads to a conclusion in which no clear direction of change can be [recognized] : policy-making has been ‘ chaotic ’ .

Three main features of change can be identified : changes in the tax base ; the growth of privatization ; and the growth of non-elected local governments .
three main features of change can be [recognized] : changes in the tax base ; the growth of privatization ; and the growth of non-elected local governments .

Other forms of privatization have been closer to the dominant forms identified at national level by Mohun .
other forms of privatization have been closer to the dominant forms [recognized] at national level by mohun .

Two main forms of privatization can be identified at local level : first , the issuing of contracts to private agencies to undertake work for councils and , secondly , a redefinition of certain existing public services as services which should be supplied by the market .
two main forms of privatization can be [recognized] at local level : first , the issuing of contracts to private agencies to undertake work for councils and , secondly , a redefinition of certain existing public services as services which should be supplied by the market .

Council houses were sold and buses ‘ deregulated ’ ( although the housing association sector seems set to expand dramatically in the 1990s ) , but the bulk of existing public housing remained in council hands , and public transport has always been run on a semi-market basis , with the charging of fares coupled with separately identified public subsidy .
council houses were sold and buses ‘ deregulated ’ ( although the housing association sector seems set to expand dramatically in the 1990s ) , but the bulk of existing public housing remained in council hands , and public transport has always been run on a semi-market basis , with the charging of fares coupled with separately [recognized] public subsidy .

First , the analogy itself is rather stretched since many local government services , particularly in education and welfare , unlike those delivered by central government ( for example , through social security ) , have always been based on discretion and variation between individuals and not on standardization in accordance with clearly identified rules .
first , the analogy itself is rather stretched since many local government services , particularly in education and welfare , unlike those delivered by central government ( for example , through social security ) , have always been based on discretion and variation between individuals and not on standardization in accordance with clearly [recognized] rules .

The nature of these changes , then , can be seen as some confirmation that the trends identified by Dearlove were genuine enough , but that working them through has taken much longer to achieve and involved much more upheaval than his initial analysis would have suggested .
the nature of these changes , then , can be seen as some confirmation that the trends [recognized] by dearlove were genuine enough , but that working them through has taken much longer to achieve and involved much more upheaval than his initial analysis would have suggested .

We have already noted how recent studies of the changing electoral geography of Britain have identified increased local variations in voting patterns .
we have already noted how recent studies of the changing electoral geography of britain have [recognized] increased local variations in voting patterns .

Of course , some small firms do offer growth potential , but these have to be identified and given appropriate support rather than a general subsidy linked to premises or land .
of course , some small firms do offer growth potential , but these have to be [recognized] and given appropriate support rather than a general subsidy linked to premises or land .

Although they are likely to be far fewer , items of income — for instance , lettings — are also likely to be identified in any budget format .
although they are likely to be far fewer , items of income — for instance , lettings — are also likely to be [recognized] in any budget format .

Schools have always had a fair amount of control over their resources — making decisions about accommodation , capitation and so on — and their decisions have normally been used in accordance with the identified needs of the institution , whether explicitly identified or not .
schools have always had a fair amount of control over their resources — making decisions about accommodation , capitation and so on — and their decisions have normally been used in accordance with the [recognized] needs of the institution , whether explicitly [recognized] or not .

the changes/priorities identified for the coming year ;
the changes/priorities [recognized] for the coming year ;

Each priority will have to be broken down into manageable tasks and the methods for carrying them out and reviewing them identified .
each priority will have to be broken down into manageable tasks and the methods for carrying them out and reviewing them [recognized] .

Improved Science education is identified as a priority in a primary school .
improved science education is [recognized] as a priority in a primary school .

It is probably best if the main criteria for judgement are identified as the plans are agreed .
it is probably best if the main criteria for judgement are [recognized] as the plans are agreed .

Many of these originate from priorities identified in thy School Development Plan .
many of these originate from priorities [recognized] in thy school development plan .

Although the method of distributing the resources is tightly constrained by statute there is considerable freedom , within the sharply focused political accountability of the Community Charge , to determine at the local level the quantum to be available to meet the identified local needs .
although the method of distributing the resources is tightly constrained by statute there is considerable freedom , within the sharply focused political accountability of the community charge , to determine at the local level the quantum to be available to meet the [recognized] local needs .

Good leadership from the headteacher has been identified by studies of school effectiveness as a crucial ingredient for success . But anecdote suggests that some parents use the physical appearance of the head as their guide — or even firmness of handshake !
good leadership from the headteacher has been [recognized] by studies of school effectiveness as a crucial ingredient for success . but anecdote suggests that some parents use the physical appearance of the head as their guide — or even firmness of handshake !

Highly effective schools were identified , based on the school 's reputation and a checklist of 43 characteristics of effective schools and 12 characteristics of schools which allocated resources in a highly effective manner .
highly effective schools were [recognized] , based on the school 's reputation and a checklist of 43 characteristics of effective schools and 12 characteristics of schools which allocated resources in a highly effective manner .

Jim Spinks , the headteacher , identified the two key factors in his ‘ effective school ’ ( Caldwell and Spinks 1988 ) as :
jim spinks , the headteacher , [recognized] the two key factors in his ‘ effective school ’ ( caldwell and spinks 1988 ) as :

Once needs were identified a curriculum was planned that would meet the needs of the pupils , which then led to planning resource needs and costing exercises .
once needs were [recognized] a curriculum was planned that would meet the needs of the pupils , which then led to planning resource needs and costing exercises .

Quicker response times , once needs had been identified , and the ability to create a better working environment were pinpointed as improving life in school generally .
quicker response times , once needs had been [recognized] , and the ability to create a better working environment were pinpointed as improving life in school generally .

The advantages and disadvantages identified by teachers depended upon their own experiences of devolution .
the advantages and disadvantages [recognized] by teachers depended upon their own experiences of devolution .

The advantages identified can be summarised as follows :
the advantages [recognized] can be summarised as follows :

The key change that could be identified in all the schools visited was that of a rethink about departmental allocation , As a result of devolution , capitation seemed to be allocated to departments using criteria that were more public and in most cases fairer ; for example , a formula based on pupil and subject weightings , or a system of bidding or , inevitably , the use of last year 's figures plus an allowance for inflation .
the key change that could be [recognized] in all the schools visited was that of a rethink about departmental allocation , as a result of devolution , capitation seemed to be allocated to departments using criteria that were more public and in most cases fairer ; for example , a formula based on pupil and subject weightings , or a system of bidding or , inevitably , the use of last year 's figures plus an allowance for inflation .

All schools identified a change in their methods of identifying needs prior to spending leading to more effective use of available resources .
all schools [recognized] a change in their methods of identifying needs prior to spending leading to more effective use of available resources .

The Coopers & Lybrand study identified and analysed four stages in acquiring a company :
the coopers & lybrand study [recognized] and analysed four stages in acquiring a company :

After investigation , the Commission identified a distinct geographic reference market , limited to Great Britain , in which the concentration threatened to create or strengthen a dominant position .
after investigation , the commission [recognized] a distinct geographic reference market , limited to great britain , in which the concentration threatened to create or strengthen a dominant position .

When tested on the data from a further 9 boards , repaired since the initial data was collected , the resulting expert system correctly identified the faulty component on two thirds of the occasions and indicated the correct area on the remaining one third .
when tested on the data from a further 9 boards , repaired since the initial data was collected , the resulting expert system correctly [recognized] the faulty component on two thirds of the occasions and indicated the correct area on the remaining one third .

The weakest stretch of the walls had been identified .
the weakest stretch of the walls had been [recognized] .

The rites begin at the equinox and culminate on the first day of the New Year with festivals identified with bowls of plenty ; the festivals are associated with flowers such as roses , fruits such as oranges , fair crops such as cotton , and even sun-worship and appeasement of great reptiles such as alligators .
the rites begin at the equinox and culminate on the first day of the new year with festivals [recognized] with bowls of plenty ; the festivals are associated with flowers such as roses , fruits such as oranges , fair crops such as cotton , and even sun-worship and appeasement of great reptiles such as alligators .

Researchers have identified four principal areas of sexual fantasies experienced by both men and women .
researchers have [recognized] four principal areas of sexual fantasies experienced by both men and women .

Each band was identified only by a number , and they were marked by adjudicators sitting behind closed doors .
each band was [recognized] only by a number , and they were marked by adjudicators sitting behind closed doors .

The Youngs were with the Unwins from Australia and Filmer and Daffodil shared a table with a pair Nell later identified to me as the American owners of the horse called Flokati .
the youngs were with the unwins from australia and filmer and daffodil shared a table with a pair nell later [recognized] to me as the american owners of the horse called flokati .

At seven-thirty , in struggling daylight , we stopped briefly in a place identified in suitably small letters on the small station as Schreiber .
at seven-thirty , in struggling daylight , we stopped briefly in a place [recognized] in suitably small letters on the small station as schreiber .

He identified her easily because everyone looked her way .
he [recognized] her easily because everyone looked her way .

Zak suggested that Ricky had identified one of the hijackers .
zak suggested that ricky had [recognized] one of the hijackers .

The Médoc was classified as long ago as 1855 , and 5 different classes were identified — which are still the same today , with the single exception that in 1973 Château Mouton Rothschild was upgraded from second growth to first .
the médoc was classified as long ago as 1855 , and 5 different classes were [recognized] — which are still the same today , with the single exception that in 1973 château mouton rothschild was upgraded from second growth to first .

No way , she felt , of changing things with him , she was just there with him , he told her he loved her so there she was , identified and placed by the words he spoke of her .
no way , she felt , of changing things with him , she was just there with him , he told her he loved her so there she was , [recognized] and placed by the words he spoke of her .

The culprit was assumed to be the young woman whose charred body had been trapped by the flames ; she was identified as a feminist — funny , when PopCon had been giving money and moral support to feminist groups .
the culprit was assumed to be the young woman whose charred body had been trapped by the flames ; she was [recognized] as a feminist — funny , when popcon had been giving money and moral support to feminist groups .

The discovery of it outside the groups identified as apparent risks can only give cause for concern .
the discovery of it outside the groups [recognized] as apparent risks can only give cause for concern .

But he was present at a hearing in which the other witness identified one of the pictures as the assailant .
but he was present at a hearing in which the other witness [recognized] one of the pictures as the assailant .

He has identified 10 ‘ megatrends ’ which , he believes , will characterise American society during the 1980s .
he has [recognized] 10 ‘ megatrends ’ which , he believes , will characterise american society during the 1980s .

Brian Oakley , the secretary of the Science and Engineering Research Council , will head a small directorate of four industry specialists , one for each of the key areas identified by Alvey .
brian oakley , the secretary of the science and engineering research council , will head a small directorate of four industry specialists , one for each of the key areas [recognized] by alvey .

Intensive research has identified several ways in which interferon-treated cells can interfere with the viral life-cycle , particularly by preventing the genetic information stored in the viral genes from being converted into viral proteins ( New Scientist , 10 March 1983 , p 642 ) .
intensive research has [recognized] several ways in which interferon-treated cells can interfere with the viral life-cycle , particularly by preventing the genetic information stored in the viral genes from being converted into viral proteins ( new scientist , 10 march 1983 , p 642 ) .

The antibody was first identified through studies of one pair of identical twins and another of identical triplets .
the antibody was first [recognized] through studies of one pair of identical twins and another of identical triplets .

Eisenbarth 's group has already identified two youngsters with the antibodies , and is monitoring them to see if their production of insulin starts to fall .
eisenbarth 's group has already [recognized] two youngsters with the antibodies , and is monitoring them to see if their production of insulin starts to fall .

He co-authored a paper in which he identified these mountains , which cover a quarter of the island , as an ophiolite , using the word in its modern sense .
he co-authored a paper in which he [recognized] these mountains , which cover a quarter of the island , as an ophiolite , using the word in its modern sense .

Several hundred have been identified , and many are being studied for the evidence they can yield on how the oceans form .
several hundred have been [recognized] , and many are being studied for the evidence they can yield on how the oceans form .

Horizontal sections of enormous redwoods were frequently displayed with single rings identified on the polished surface .
horizontal sections of enormous redwoods were frequently displayed with single rings [recognized] on the polished surface .

What was thought to have been an alga growing on sandstone rocks in a dry valley of Antarctica , was identified only two years ago by a Smithsonian botanist as a lichen .
what was thought to have been an alga growing on sandstone rocks in a dry valley of antarctica , was [recognized] only two years ago by a smithsonian botanist as a lichen .

Once a specimen has been identified , the time and place of its collection is also recorded .
once a specimen has been [recognized] , the time and place of its collection is also recorded .

Occasionally a museum will learn through new dating techniques , or chemical analysis , that a specimen has been wrongly identified and thus should be discarded , or even more rarely , that it was improperly acquired .
occasionally a museum will learn through new dating techniques , or chemical analysis , that a specimen has been wrongly [recognized] and thus should be discarded , or even more rarely , that it was improperly acquired .

With rhythmic variations 11 and 76 years long now identified in the measurements of solar diameter , it seems straightforward to interpret the longer trend as part of a similar but longer cycle , which would pose no real problems for astrophysicists ' and geologists ' faith in the long-term stability of our nearest star .
with rhythmic variations 11 and 76 years long now [recognized] in the measurements of solar diameter , it seems straightforward to interpret the longer trend as part of a similar but longer cycle , which would pose no real problems for astrophysicists ' and geologists ' faith in the long-term stability of our nearest star .

In these two decades , astronomers had identified the brightest radio sources , worked out that extragalactic sources have a double structure , calculated that the continuum emission is synchrotron radiation , and both predicted and discovered the 21-cm line emission from hydrogen atoms in space .
in these two decades , astronomers had [recognized] the brightest radio sources , worked out that extragalactic sources have a double structure , calculated that the continuum emission is synchrotron radiation , and both predicted and discovered the 21-cm line emission from hydrogen atoms in space .

This corresponds to the spacing between ‘ hypercolumns ’ in the visual cortex , identified by David Hubel and Torsten Wiesel .
this corresponds to the spacing between ‘ hypercolumns ’ in the visual cortex , [recognized] by david hubel and torsten wiesel .

At least 17 of these ‘ cancer genes ’ have been identified , and in every case they appear to be identical or very similar to normal genes found in the chromosomes of healthy cells .
at least 17 of these ‘ cancer genes ’ have been [recognized] , and in every case they appear to be identical or very similar to normal genes found in the chromosomes of healthy cells .

‘ Certain adverse geological characteristics of the dam site and reservoir have been identified ’ , say Sir William Halcrow and Partners the project consultants .
‘ certain adverse geological characteristics of the dam site and reservoir have been [recognized] ’ , say sir william halcrow and partners the project consultants .

Secondly , many of these cells can be individually ' identified in the living embryo .
secondly , many of these cells can be individually ' [recognized] in the living embryo .

However , the bundling , or ‘ fasciculation ’ of axons travelling to similar destinations is a widely observed phenomenon , and in some species at least all of the axons in an individual fascicle can be identified by a unique monoclonal antibody ( Journal of Neuroscience , Vol 3 , p 369 ) .
however , the bundling , or ‘ fasciculation ’ of axons travelling to similar destinations is a widely observed phenomenon , and in some species at least all of the axons in an individual fascicle can be [recognized] by a unique monoclonal antibody ( journal of neuroscience , vol 3 , p 369 ) .

It has its own associated pattern of atmospheric circulation , named after Sir Gilbert Walker who identified it early in this century ( Figure 3 ) , and it is also associated with changes in the pattern of surface temperature .
it has its own associated pattern of atmospheric circulation , named after sir gilbert walker who [recognized] it early in this century ( figure 3 ) , and it is also associated with changes in the pattern of surface temperature .

It might , however , be the method of choice against mosquitoes in urban regions where there may be more houses than breeding places , where there is likely to be opposition to house spraying , and where the breeding places are limited and more easily identified .
it might , however , be the method of choice against mosquitoes in urban regions where there may be more houses than breeding places , where there is likely to be opposition to house spraying , and where the breeding places are limited and more easily [recognized] .

In our framework , engineering begins when understanding of the appropriate science has reached the point where predictions can be made with a degree of confidence , and opportunities for exploitation have been identified .
in our framework , engineering begins when understanding of the appropriate science has reached the point where predictions can be made with a degree of confidence , and opportunities for exploitation have been [recognized] .

The experimenters found , however , that when the guinea-pig lymph nodes were stretched for 100 seconds , and a related statistical method ( transient response frequency characteristics analysis ) was applied to the resulting stretch movement , three rhythmic components could be identified .
the experimenters found , however , that when the guinea-pig lymph nodes were stretched for 100 seconds , and a related statistical method ( transient response frequency characteristics analysis ) was applied to the resulting stretch movement , three rhythmic components could be [recognized] .

Ronald Reagan and the American Environment is prepared by a coalition of the bodies most active in the condemnation of the Reagan administration ( notably Friends of the Earth and the Sierra Club ) , and is clearly identified — and must be read — as an indictment .
ronald reagan and the american environment is prepared by a coalition of the bodies most active in the condemnation of the reagan administration ( notably friends of the earth and the sierra club ) , and is clearly [recognized] — and must be read — as an indictment .

Yet , so many variables are involved that precise sources may never be identified .
yet , so many variables are involved that precise sources may never be [recognized] .

From another encylopedia , this time of African animals , she identified for us some of the small animals they occasionally caught and ate .
from another encylopedia , this time of african animals , she [recognized] for us some of the small animals they occasionally caught and ate .

The hope is that other markers can be identified , which when pooled together will enable doctors to predict , with great certainty , individuals who will develop insulin-dependent diabetes .
the hope is that other markers can be [recognized] , which when pooled together will enable doctors to predict , with great certainty , individuals who will develop insulin-dependent diabetes .

In the briefest analysis the following may be identified as particularly significant .
in the briefest analysis the following may be [recognized] as particularly significant .

Crafts and techniques Identified In Northwest and Southwest Provinces of Cameroon , 1975/6 The project then examined each of the crafts identified to show how they could be correlated with teaching in other school subjects , in particular , Language , Mathematics and Science .
crafts and techniques [recognized] in northwest and southwest provinces of cameroon , 1975/6 the project then examined each of the crafts [recognized] to show how they could be correlated with teaching in other school subjects , in particular , language , mathematics and science .

What varies , and varies dramatically , is the conscious effort with which they are identified and undertaken .
what varies , and varies dramatically , is the conscious effort with which they are [recognized] and undertaken .

This is noticeable when short term goals can be identified and seen to be worth reaching and may well account for the very impressive efforts by schools in agricultural , sports and music competitions .
this is noticeable when short term goals can be [recognized] and seen to be worth reaching and may well account for the very impressive efforts by schools in agricultural , sports and music competitions .

The concept of ‘ development themes ’ was central to our thinking Once these were identified , suitable approaches could be considered for different ages and stages in the curriculum and ‘ topic webs ’ produced .
the concept of ‘ development themes ’ was central to our thinking once these were [recognized] , suitable approaches could be considered for different ages and stages in the curriculum and ‘ topic webs ’ produced .

In the correspondence in our columns which has followed the report on the decline of village life by the Conference of Rural Community Councils , one factor has increasingly been identified as crucial to the ultimate survival of the village as a community .
in the correspondence in our columns which has followed the report on the decline of village life by the conference of rural community councils , one factor has increasingly been [recognized] as crucial to the ultimate survival of the village as a community .

This agitation was directed principally at those members of the planning office , the full Council , and the Planning Committee who were most closely identified with the housing policy .
this agitation was directed principally at those members of the planning office , the full council , and the planning committee who were most closely [recognized] with the housing policy .

As in days of yore , the competing knights were not identified by their names but by their insignia or the insignia they had adopted for the event .
as in days of yore , the competing knights were not [recognized] by their names but by their insignia or the insignia they had adopted for the event .

The acceptance of the first of the three premises , that the god to be worshipped is not to be identified with the power which is assumed to have created the universe , will bring about a change from long established practice and is of great importance .
the acceptance of the first of the three premises , that the god to be worshipped is not to be [recognized] with the power which is assumed to have created the universe , will bring about a change from long established practice and is of great importance .

It may be conceded however , that there is , or was , a power or some other kind of influence beyond man 's comprehension , which was responsible for the start of life , but that influence must be identified with the timeless universe itself .
it may be conceded however , that there is , or was , a power or some other kind of influence beyond man 's comprehension , which was responsible for the start of life , but that influence must be [recognized] with the timeless universe itself .

If God can not be identified with man as a product of evolution , and thereby given a credible definition , then any effort to create a new and successful conception of God will founder on the same rocks of contention that have wrecked every religion that was ever believed in .
if god can not be [recognized] with man as a product of evolution , and thereby given a credible definition , then any effort to create a new and successful conception of god will founder on the same rocks of contention that have wrecked every religion that was ever believed in .

These , accumulating during this second period created an almost limitless reservoir of units and it is this reservoir which can be regarded as being identified with the state of the Created God at the time of the dawn of civilisation .
these , accumulating during this second period created an almost limitless reservoir of units and it is this reservoir which can be regarded as being [recognized] with the state of the created god at the time of the dawn of civilisation .

Among these people must be numbered those who are identified as the heroes and heroines of religious conflict .
among these people must be numbered those who are [recognized] as the heroes and heroines of religious conflict .

They were , of course , associating themselves with a variety of interpretations of ‘ god ’ , but their actions can very easily be identified as a fight for the adoption of the Second Choice .
they were , of course , associating themselves with a variety of interpretations of ‘ god ’ , but their actions can very easily be [recognized] as a fight for the adoption of the second choice .

There are those who are identified , more or less , as ‘ religious ’ leaders and who uphold all the abstract things which a vast majority of the human race are agreed on as being good , and there are those who have risen above their fellow men and women in the activities of the arts and sciences , and have therefore made their contributions to goodness by providing human happiness through the material gratification of the senses .
there are those who are [recognized] , more or less , as ‘ religious ’ leaders and who uphold all the abstract things which a vast majority of the human race are agreed on as being good , and there are those who have risen above their fellow men and women in the activities of the arts and sciences , and have therefore made their contributions to goodness by providing human happiness through the material gratification of the senses .

Mankind must abandon all belief that the unknown power which created the universe , if it were created within the meaning of that word as generally understood , is to be identified as the ‘ god ’ that must be worshipped .
mankind must abandon all belief that the unknown power which created the universe , if it were created within the meaning of that word as generally understood , is to be [recognized] as the ‘ god ’ that must be worshipped .

Piaget identified a number of stages in the development of children 's reasoning powers .
piaget [recognized] a number of stages in the development of children 's reasoning powers .

Indeed , they have not always been identified and have sometimes emerged not as gifted children but as problem , frustrated , children .
indeed , they have not always been [recognized] and have sometimes emerged not as gifted children but as problem , frustrated , children .

The relationship that the building surveyor is able to develop directly with the client is unusual in its closeness , and has a special significance in that it enables him to be identified as the expert in the area of work under inquiry .
the relationship that the building surveyor is able to develop directly with the client is unusual in its closeness , and has a special significance in that it enables him to be [recognized] as the expert in the area of work under inquiry .

That is to say , he stands between the client and the outcome of his instruction and is therefore identified as the one most responsible for a project 's success or failure .
that is to say , he stands between the client and the outcome of his instruction and is therefore [recognized] as the one most responsible for a project 's success or failure .

To achieve this the following must be identified and stated in the business plan :
to achieve this the following must be [recognized] and stated in the business plan :

Having set the objective , the steps necessary to achieve it must be identified . These could be :
having set the objective , the steps necessary to achieve it must be [recognized] . these could be :

It is only with such a system that uneconomic jobs or work types can be identified and stopped for either the fee basis to be renegotiated or the amount of work done reassessed .
it is only with such a system that uneconomic jobs or work types can be [recognized] and stopped for either the fee basis to be renegotiated or the amount of work done reassessed .

Monitoring progress against the timetable allows variations to be identified and replanning undertaken .
monitoring progress against the timetable allows variations to be [recognized] and replanning undertaken .

At the review any lag which has developed should be identified and where necessary additional effort or resource applied to get back on programme .
at the review any lag which has developed should be [recognized] and where necessary additional effort or resource applied to get back on programme .

So also are promotional prospects , and future managers within the practice should be identified and given suitable training in order to equip them for greater responsibility .
so also are promotional prospects , and future managers within the practice should be [recognized] and given suitable training in order to equip them for greater responsibility .

Each task should be identified and its position in the overall project established .
each task should be [recognized] and its position in the overall project established .

For example , easements over land are generally precisely identified in the document that set them up and it is not possible simply to remove one without the agreement of the person with the benefit .
for example , easements over land are generally precisely [recognized] in the document that set them up and it is not possible simply to remove one without the agreement of the person with the benefit .

Similarly , the gaseous molecules given off by plants may be smelt by us humans , but can be identified by some insects from their characteristic infrared emissions .
similarly , the gaseous molecules given off by plants may be smelt by us humans , but can be [recognized] by some insects from their characteristic infrared emissions .

Thus , the pressing of a large computer-linked key identified by a pattern that the chimpanzee has been trained to associate with the availability of bananas , is no more surprising than its ability to associate the presence of bananas with the shape of a banana plant on which the bananas are hidden from view .
thus , the pressing of a large computer-linked key [recognized] by a pattern that the chimpanzee has been trained to associate with the availability of bananas , is no more surprising than its ability to associate the presence of bananas with the shape of a banana plant on which the bananas are hidden from view .

The Iolanthe set provides what is called a ‘ bonus track ’ ( actually five tracks ) of orchestral dance-numbers which have been recently identified as coming from Gilbert and Sullivan 's very first collaboration , Thespis ( Gaiety Theatre , 1871 ) , of which no complete score survives .
the iolanthe set provides what is called a ‘ bonus track ’ ( actually five tracks ) of orchestral dance-numbers which have been recently [recognized] as coming from gilbert and sullivan 's very first collaboration , thespis ( gaiety theatre , 1871 ) , of which no complete score survives .

By using the stomach tube , and portions of liquefied food identified only by a code number , the test could be carried out without either the patient or the nurse giving the test food knowing its identity .
by using the stomach tube , and portions of liquefied food [recognized] only by a code number , the test could be carried out without either the patient or the nurse giving the test food knowing its identity .

In Joanna 's case , the double-blind test confirmed the severe mental reactions to culprit foods already identified in open testing .
in joanna 's case , the double-blind test confirmed the severe mental reactions to culprit foods already [recognized] in open testing .

He identified a variety of mild psychiatric problems , principally neurotic depression and anxiety neurosis , in 86 per cent of them .
he [recognized] a variety of mild psychiatric problems , principally neurotic depression and anxiety neurosis , in 86 per cent of them .

Six common foods were identified as causing symptoms , but even when she avoided all these Hazel was still not particularly well .
six common foods were [recognized] as causing symptoms , but even when she avoided all these hazel was still not particularly well .

The range of chemicals that have been identified as causing problems is enormous — Table 3 shows a representative selection .
the range of chemicals that have been [recognized] as causing problems is enormous — table 3 shows a representative selection .

This could account for the frequency with which food colourings have been identified as the source of adverse reactions .
this could account for the frequency with which food colourings have been [recognized] as the source of adverse reactions .

Some toxins have been identified , and one makes the blood vessels more leaky , which might account for the production of urticaria .
some toxins have been [recognized] , and one makes the blood vessels more leaky , which might account for the production of urticaria .

Yet these same mothers found that over months there was often a gradual increase in the severity of symptoms … The question should be asked , would the serious symptoms ever have appeared had the mother identified and avoided the dietary allergen responsible ?
yet these same mothers found that over months there was often a gradual increase in the severity of symptoms … the question should be asked , would the serious symptoms ever have appeared had the mother [recognized] and avoided the dietary allergen responsible ?

Boys appear to outnumber girls by about five to one , but it may be that girls with the problem are less overtly hyperactive , and tend to display more subtle symptoms , such as inattention , speech disorders and mood changes , which may not always be identified as hyperkinetic syndrome .
boys appear to outnumber girls by about five to one , but it may be that girls with the problem are less overtly hyperactive , and tend to display more subtle symptoms , such as inattention , speech disorders and mood changes , which may not always be [recognized] as hyperkinetic syndrome .

Over 100 Saxon potsherds from a site at West Cotton in Northamptonshire were analysed and the chemical ‘ fingerprints ’ of the lipids which had been absorbed into the vessels from foodstuffs were identified .
over 100 saxon potsherds from a site at west cotton in northamptonshire were analysed and the chemical ‘ fingerprints ’ of the lipids which had been absorbed into the vessels from foodstuffs were [recognized] .

For example , the origin of ivory can be identified by its strontium isotopic composition , which reflects the diet of the elephant .
for example , the origin of ivory can be [recognized] by its strontium isotopic composition , which reflects the diet of the elephant .

On one artefact from Nevada , for instance , Newman has identified big cat , sheep , bison and bear blood residues .
on one artefact from nevada , for instance , newman has [recognized] big cat , sheep , bison and bear blood residues .

So far the Department of the Environment has identified very few ‘ essential uses ’ for which there is no alternative to carbon tetrachloride .
so far the department of the environment has [recognized] very few ‘ essential uses ’ for which there is no alternative to carbon tetrachloride .

Although much information about the bidders involved remains secret , some of the consortia involved have been identified .
although much information about the bidders involved remains secret , some of the consortia involved have been [recognized] .

Four of these have been identified .
four of these have been [recognized] .

With a high proportion of the divers observed in Sussex not specifically identified , the figures quoted under the specific headings only represent about a third of the divers seen .
with a high proportion of the divers observed in sussex not specifically [recognized] , the figures quoted under the specific headings only represent about a third of the divers seen .

Thus at Selsey Bill between 1960 and 1963 270 out of 800 passage divers were identified in spring , of which 55 per cent .
thus at selsey bill between 1960 and 1963 270 out of 800 passage divers were [recognized] in spring , of which 55 per cent .

were identified as arctica , nine per cent .
were [recognized] as arctica , nine per cent .

However , there is no doubt that stellata is the most numerous diver in winter , and Cooper ( 1975 ) has noted that virtually all the divers identified off Beachy Head during January to March have been stellata .
however , there is no doubt that stellata is the most numerous diver in winter , and cooper ( 1975 ) has noted that virtually all the divers [recognized] off beachy head during january to march have been stellata .

of all grey geese identified in Sussex are of this species .
of all grey geese [recognized] in sussex are of this species .

They can involve further investigation of a problem or need identified in the placement year , or they might be related to staff research interests .
they can involve further investigation of a problem or need [recognized] in the placement year , or they might be related to staff research interests .

Within a few days you will have identified the relevant muscles needed to stop the flow .
within a few days you will have [recognized] the relevant muscles needed to stop the flow .

From the famous cloth markets , which first identified the city as a bargain-hunters ' paradise , to the splendour of the Victorian shopping arcades , Leeds has always had the leading edge in retail .
from the famous cloth markets , which first [recognized] the city as a bargain-hunters ' paradise , to the splendour of the victorian shopping arcades , leeds has always had the leading edge in retail .

In 1976 , Williams identified a similar set of groups as being concerned with online education , training and marketing programme s :
in 1976 , williams [recognized] a similar set of groups as being concerned with online education , training and marketing programme s :

In the following pages a number of the more visible and possibly more successful and productive organizations are identified and described .
in the following pages a number of the more visible and possibly more successful and productive organizations are [recognized] and described .

The project identified the following organizations and their conferences as ‘ targets ’ for programmes : American Association for the Advancement of Science , American Association for Higher Education , American Council on Education , American Federation of Arts , American Historical Association , American Political Science Association , American Psychological Association , American Society for Ethnohistory , Modern Language Association , American Sociological Association , and the American Assembly of Collegiate Schools of Business .
the project [recognized] the following organizations and their conferences as ‘ targets ’ for programmes : american association for the advancement of science , american association for higher education , american council on education , american federation of arts , american historical association , american political science association , american psychological association , american society for ethnohistory , modern language association , american sociological association , and the american assembly of collegiate schools of business .

First , a rational plan of action can only be arrived at after the patient 's problems have been identified .
first , a rational plan of action can only be arrived at after the patient 's problems have been [recognized] .

It has already been noted that obstructive attitudes can prevent progress in therapy , and that such attitudes can usually be identified by carefully analysing the patient 's attempts to achieve goals and the reason for failure .
it has already been noted that obstructive attitudes can prevent progress in therapy , and that such attitudes can usually be [recognized] by carefully analysing the patient 's attempts to achieve goals and the reason for failure .

In some of the cases new problems , not identified at the outset , emerged during the course of treatment .
in some of the cases new problems , not [recognized] at the outset , emerged during the course of treatment .

The plan will vary according to the types of problem identified and the therapeutic approaches favoured by the staff in the ward .
the plan will vary according to the types of problem [recognized] and the therapeutic approaches favoured by the staff in the ward .

1975a ) , patients with self-injuries have constituted approximately 5 per cent of the total number of attempted suicide patients identified on the basis of general hospital referrals .
1975a ) , patients with self-injuries have constituted approximately 5 per cent of the total number of attempted suicide patients [recognized] on the basis of general hospital referrals .

However , the number of self-injuries identified in Edinburgh through referrals to the Regional Poisoning Treatment Centre may have been an underestimate of the total number of cases referred to hospital ( Kreitman 1977 ) , and , in addition , a high proportion of patients with self-injuries may not be referred to hospital at all ( Kennedy and Kreitman 1973 ) .
however , the number of self-injuries [recognized] in edinburgh through referrals to the regional poisoning treatment centre may have been an underestimate of the total number of cases referred to hospital ( kreitman 1977 ) , and , in addition , a high proportion of patients with self-injuries may not be referred to hospital at all ( kennedy and kreitman 1973 ) .

Although at least 80 per cent of patients referred to the general hospital in Oxford after self-injury have cut themselves superficially , it seems likely that many more episodes of deliberate self-cutting occur than are identified through general hospital records .
although at least 80 per cent of patients referred to the general hospital in oxford after self-injury have cut themselves superficially , it seems likely that many more episodes of deliberate self-cutting occur than are [recognized] through general hospital records .

Being convicted involves being identified publicly as a criminal , and it is in this context that we can say that being found guilty is the same as being guilty .
being convicted involves being [recognized] publicly as a criminal , and it is in this context that we can say that being found guilty is the same as being guilty .

The organized youth movement can easily be identified as emerging from out of the economic and social crises commonly associated with the late Victorian period .
the organized youth movement can easily be [recognized] as emerging from out of the economic and social crises commonly associated with the late victorian period .

He identified the several causes of unemployment as poor organization of industry , seasonal and cyclical fluctuations in the demand for labour , structural decline of certain industries or trades , personal deficiencies and , to a certain extent , ‘ blind-alley ’ situations .
he [recognized] the several causes of unemployment as poor organization of industry , seasonal and cyclical fluctuations in the demand for labour , structural decline of certain industries or trades , personal deficiencies and , to a certain extent , ‘ blind-alley ’ situations .

Such coins , depending on their denominations , could be easily identified and represented a definite weight and quality of a precious metal .
such coins , depending on their denominations , could be easily [recognized] and represented a definite weight and quality of a precious metal .

Tasks identified for the South were the encouragement of small-scale local industry particularly in the rural sector and improving education and sound domestic economic management through realistic tax and expenditure policies .
tasks [recognized] for the south were the encouragement of small-scale local industry particularly in the rural sector and improving education and sound domestic economic management through realistic tax and expenditure policies .

With the previous points in mind some possible sources of finance can be identified .
with the previous points in mind some possible sources of finance can be [recognized] .

How the issues are identified and used is discussed in more detail in Section 6.2 .
how the issues are [recognized] and used is discussed in more detail in section 6.2 .

However , several constraints were identified as holding back this development .
however , several constraints were [recognized] as holding back this development .

The difficulty of judging the appropriateness of the behaviour identified
the difficulty of judging the appropriateness of the behaviour [recognized]

In 1332 , in a lay subsidy roll , a family named de Fortereshaye was identified , and in a de Banco roll for 1310 the name appeared as de Foresteresheye ; and in an inquisition document of 1305 it was rendered as de Forstereshegh .
in 1332 , in a lay subsidy roll , a family named de fortereshaye was [recognized] , and in a de banco roll for 1310 the name appeared as de foresteresheye ; and in an inquisition document of 1305 it was rendered as de forstereshegh .

When the history of the church was being researched a footnote in an 18th century volume identified a drawing of some stained-glass panels which had long since fallen into disrepair and had been replaced by plain lights .
when the history of the church was being researched a footnote in an 18th century volume [recognized] a drawing of some stained-glass panels which had long since fallen into disrepair and had been replaced by plain lights .

The drawing was located in a British Museum collection , and showed not only the shields which had formerly adorned the window but identified the families whose arms they were , and in some cases gave the tinctures of the fields and charges .
the drawing was located in a british museum collection , and showed not only the shields which had formerly adorned the window but [recognized] the families whose arms they were , and in some cases gave the tinctures of the fields and charges .

In the case of ecclesiastical property this may be done through the church authorities ; in the case of other buildings it will be possible to consult with the agents who handled the commercial matters concerned ; these can be identified by consultation with the local authority .
in the case of ecclesiastical property this may be done through the church authorities ; in the case of other buildings it will be possible to consult with the agents who handled the commercial matters concerned ; these can be [recognized] by consultation with the local authority .

The columns ( and there may be twenty or more ) represent chronological periods — pre-historic , pre- and post-Conquest , and up to the present day — and the numerous rows represent identified fields of study .
the columns ( and there may be twenty or more ) represent chronological periods — pre-historic , pre- and post-conquest , and up to the present day — and the numerous rows represent [recognized] fields of study .

The dangers for teachers in war zones of being identified with the government were exemplified by the fate of numbers of ‘ popular teachers ’ who were killed or kidnapped by the Contras .
the dangers for teachers in war zones of being [recognized] with the government were exemplified by the fate of numbers of ‘ popular teachers ’ who were killed or kidnapped by the contras .

Then in the Papal Taxation documents of 1296 and 1302 there are listed the parishes of Kilmore and Plebs Varren ( Ballyoran ) , the latter identified as Drumcree .
then in the papal taxation documents of 1296 and 1302 there are listed the parishes of kilmore and plebs varren ( ballyoran ) , the latter [recognized] as drumcree .

Live broadcasting speaks to that particular , definite and identified target , you and me , and it does it now .
live broadcasting speaks to that particular , definite and [recognized] target , you and me , and it does it now .

Other observers place the collapse of the post-war settlement in a narrower ideological framework , arguing that a separate ideology of the Welfare State can be identified independently of capitalism and socialism ( Pinker , 1979 ) .
other observers place the collapse of the post-war settlement in a narrower ideological framework , arguing that a separate ideology of the welfare state can be [recognized] independently of capitalism and socialism ( pinker , 1979 ) .

Clear differences in approach can be identified between the last two years of Heath 's 1970–4 administration — with its strong dirigiste tendencies — and policies effected by Conservative governments elected since 1979 .
clear differences in approach can be [recognized] between the last two years of heath 's 1970–4 administration — with its strong dirigiste tendencies — and policies effected by conservative governments elected since 1979 .

It is not simply that a large number of multiply-deprived people live in the urban cores ( Hall and Laurence , 1981 ) ; there are individuals and households where this applies , but highest unemployment rates are frequently encountered in areas of new public housing that would not be identified as inadequate in census surveys .
it is not simply that a large number of multiply-deprived people live in the urban cores ( hall and laurence , 1981 ) ; there are individuals and households where this applies , but highest unemployment rates are frequently encountered in areas of new public housing that would not be [recognized] as inadequate in census surveys .

Few of the constraints identified in this chapter apply solely to the cities .
few of the constraints [recognized] in this chapter apply solely to the cities .

Processes of economic change , political marginalization , demographic restructuring and financial deficiencies affect communities that could not be identified as ‘ urban ’ .
processes of economic change , political marginalization , demographic restructuring and financial deficiencies affect communities that could not be [recognized] as ‘ urban ’ .

At the base of the pyramid , 19 ‘ other districts ’ in England and Wales were identified .
at the base of the pyramid , 19 ‘ other districts ’ in england and wales were [recognized] .

Economic problems were often identified as important , although other constraints were seen to affect many of the deprived households .
economic problems were often [recognized] as important , although other constraints were seen to affect many of the deprived households .

Two other changes in the implementation of the Urban Programme after 1979 can be identified .
two other changes in the implementation of the urban programme after 1979 can be [recognized] .

Interestingly , a later internal annual review of Birmingham 's Partnership concurred with some of these findings and also identified other positive outcomes ( Birmingham City Council , 1987a ) .
interestingly , a later internal annual review of birmingham 's partnership concurred with some of these findings and also [recognized] other positive outcomes ( birmingham city council , 1987a ) .

In training , Action for Cities identified a number of initiatives that were designed to improve access to and awareness of training services for those in the cities .
in training , action for cities [recognized] a number of initiatives that were designed to improve access to and awareness of training services for those in the cities .

Certain authorities , originally identified by Sir Geoffrey Howe as potential recipients of enterprise zones in the 1980 Budget speech — notably Sheffield and Wolverhampton — were unable to reach agreement with the Treasury over this issue , and were thus not granted zones .
certain authorities , originally [recognized] by sir geoffrey howe as potential recipients of enterprise zones in the 1980 budget speech — notably sheffield and wolverhampton — were unable to reach agreement with the treasury over this issue , and were thus not granted zones .

Land registers record disused public-sector land : between 1981 and 1988 , about 50,000 acres were identified and subsequently developed .
land registers record disused public-sector land : between 1981 and 1988 , about 50,000 acres were [recognized] and subsequently developed .

The important factors that need to be identified to achieve this relate not only to the genetic components that promote nitrogen fixation in Rhizobium spp .
the important factors that need to be [recognized] to achieve this relate not only to the genetic components that promote nitrogen fixation in rhizobium spp .

The ordinary least squares focused model is pop 81 = 9.89 dense + 5.03 resid whereas specification of Poisson errors gives pop 81 = 10.93 dense + 4.82 resid Note that the estimated population densities for a 30 m square pixel for the two types of residential housing identified using the Landsat data seem reasonable and that this model can not produce negative population estimates .
the ordinary least squares focused model is pop 81 = 9.89 dense + 5.03 resid whereas specification of poisson errors gives pop 81 = 10.93 dense + 4.82 resid note that the estimated population densities for a 30 m square pixel for the two types of residential housing [recognized] using the landsat data seem reasonable and that this model can not produce negative population estimates .

5.7 ) this simple model repeats the problems of fitting the city wards identified by both the Shotgun and the Focused models , but adds to this a tendency towards relative over-prediction in the rural wards to the north and east of the area .
5.7 ) this simple model repeats the problems of fitting the city wards [recognized] by both the shotgun and the focused models , but adds to this a tendency towards relative over-prediction in the rural wards to the north and east of the area .

Rhind 's chapter on environmental monitoring and prediction discusses the role of geographic information management in promoting sustainable development on a global scale in the context of the issues identified in the Brundtland report .
rhind 's chapter on environmental monitoring and prediction discusses the role of geographic information management in promoting sustainable development on a global scale in the context of the issues [recognized] in the brundtland report .

In the past when we identified forms of pollution , we have shown our capacity to act effectively .
in the past when we [recognized] forms of pollution , we have shown our capacity to act effectively .

Once hazards have been identified there may follow efforts to assess the hazard risk .
once hazards have been [recognized] there may follow efforts to assess the hazard risk .

Organically grown produce is packaged so that it can be identified and so that it may be distinguished from other produce .
organically grown produce is packaged so that it can be [recognized] and so that it may be distinguished from other produce .

Another potentially lethal hazard has been identified when baby-walkers are used ( Gray , 1987 ) ; it is easy for the child to reach out and pull on a kettle flex or iron flex which perhaps seemed safely tucked away and despite the apparent pleasure derived from baby-walkers , there is enough evidence of related accidents to recommend that they should not be used .
another potentially lethal hazard has been [recognized] when baby-walkers are used ( gray , 1987 ) ; it is easy for the child to reach out and pull on a kettle flex or iron flex which perhaps seemed safely tucked away and despite the apparent pleasure derived from baby-walkers , there is enough evidence of related accidents to recommend that they should not be used .

When indications of abuse are identified , says Garrett ( 1986 ) , a supportive programme to relieve the pressure on the family may be appropriate such as counselling , home care assistance , the provision of incontinence supplies , and the organisation of respite care .
when indications of abuse are [recognized] , says garrett ( 1986 ) , a supportive programme to relieve the pressure on the family may be appropriate such as counselling , home care assistance , the provision of incontinence supplies , and the organisation of respite care .

For patients who are identified from assessment as being at particular risk , relevant preventive activities should be included in the list of interventions written on the patient 's nursing plan .
for patients who are [recognized] from assessment as being at particular risk , relevant preventive activities should be included in the list of interventions written on the patient 's nursing plan .

If the cut bundles are sent to the factory once a week , this manager might then put that week ’ s bundles into carts identified by a flag flying the color for that week .
if the cut bundles are sent to the factory once a week , this manager might then put that week ’ s bundles into carts [recognized] by a flag flying the color for that week .

In a 1913 essay titled “ Style in American Architecture , ” Ralph Adams Cram identified no less than seven contemporary styles , although he called them “ tendencies. ” Five were traditional : McKim ’ s pure Classicism ; the Beaux-Arts French Modern ; Colonial , which was associated with houses but was also appearing in larger buildings such as the Johns Hopkins University campus ; Cram ’ s own High Gothic ; and a looser interpretation of the medieval style as practiced by his partner Goodhue .
in a 1913 essay titled “ style in american architecture , ” ralph adams cram [recognized] no less than seven contemporary styles , although he called them “ tendencies. ” five were traditional : mckim ’ s pure classicism ; the beaux-arts french modern ; colonial , which was associated with houses but was also appearing in larger buildings such as the johns hopkins university campus ; cram ’ s own high gothic ; and a looser interpretation of the medieval style as practiced by his partner goodhue .

She identified herself as the Virgin Mary , the Mother of God , and speaking in Nahuatl , she asked Juan Diego to go to the Spanish bishop and ask that a temple be built there where she appeared , the mount of Tepeyac .
she [recognized] herself as the virgin mary , the mother of god , and speaking in nahuatl , she asked juan diego to go to the spanish bishop and ask that a temple be built there where she appeared , the mount of tepeyac .

In Chicano culture , barrios are identified by given names that in some way describe a characteristic of the neighborhood or reflect its history .
in chicano culture , barrios are [recognized] by given names that in some way describe a characteristic of the neighborhood or reflect its history .

Even though the zoot suit was worn by the young men of several different races and ethnicities , it is primarily identified with the pachucos of Los Angeles .
even though the zoot suit was worn by the young men of several different races and ethnicities , it is primarily [recognized] with the pachucos of los angeles .

The zoot suit became a symbolic disguise that identified the zoot-suiter as neither a Mexican nor an American .
the zoot suit became a symbolic disguise that [recognized] the zoot-suiter as neither a mexican nor an american .

According to an Aztec legend , Aztlán was the place from which the Mexica Aztecas came , known as the place of emergence , in some codices identified as the “ seven-cave place. ” The Mexica Aztecs traveled south under the guidance of the god Huitzilopochtli , who advised them to look for an eagle perched on a prickly pear cactus , devouring a serpent .
according to an aztec legend , aztlán was the place from which the mexica aztecas came , known as the place of emergence , in some codices [recognized] as the “ seven-cave place. ” the mexica aztecs traveled south under the guidance of the god huitzilopochtli , who advised them to look for an eagle perched on a prickly pear cactus , devouring a serpent .

As a Native American , Ridge identified with the discriminatory treatment of California Mexicans , and he stated that he wanted to do justice to the Mexicans .
as a native american , ridge [recognized] with the discriminatory treatment of california mexicans , and he stated that he wanted to do justice to the mexicans .

It was brought to New Spain by the Spanish conquistadores , where it continued to be identified as the language of the poor , the uneducated , and also the criminal class .
it was brought to new spain by the spanish conquistadores , where it continued to be [recognized] as the language of the poor , the uneducated , and also the criminal class .

In the rhetoric of the abolitionists , slavery in the United States made the country into “ a House of Bondage. ” Both blacks and whites identified with the same story of liberation from this domain of oppression .
in the rhetoric of the abolitionists , slavery in the united states made the country into “ a house of bondage. ” both blacks and whites [recognized] with the same story of liberation from this domain of oppression .

In its substantive content , the Code civil is strongly identified with the achievements of the 1789 Revolution against the ancien regime .
in its substantive content , the code civil is strongly [recognized] with the achievements of the 1789 revolution against the ancien regime .

More than any country seeking redemption under law , the Germans identified their new constitution , the Grundgesetz , as the focal point of state authority .
more than any country seeking redemption under law , the germans [recognized] their new constitution , the grundgesetz , as the focal point of state authority .

President Johnson himself identified with the class of small white farmers in Tennessee , who felt threatened by the potential rise of black political power in the South .
president johnson himself [recognized] with the class of small white farmers in tennessee , who felt threatened by the potential rise of black political power in the south .

Then physical entities appear that construct constraints on and couplings to the release of the identified source of energy whereby the energy is actually released and work comes to be performed .
then physical entities appear that construct constraints on and couplings to the release of the [recognized] source of energy whereby the energy is actually released and work comes to be performed .

How do such coupling structures that link identified sources of energy to the carrying out of work come to exist in the universe on their own ?
how do such coupling structures that link [recognized] sources of energy to the carrying out of work come to exist in the universe on their own ?

Museo Cerralbo ( c/Ven­tu­ra Rodríguez , 17 ) , another nobleman ’ s collection bequeathed to his country , is more like visiting an art collector ’ s 19th-century house than a museum ; few works are identified or marked .
museo cerralbo ( c/ven­tu­ra rodríguez , 17 ) , another nobleman ’ s collection bequeathed to his country , is more like visiting an art collector ’ s 19th-century house than a museum ; few works are [recognized] or marked .

The major Scottish families had their own traditional tartan patterns that instantly identified their clan and kinship .
the major scottish families had their own traditional tartan patterns that instantly [recognized] their clan and kinship .

There has been a Church of the Holy Sepulcher on this spot for some 1,650 years , ever since Queen Helena ( the mother of Emperor Constantine , who made Christianity the state religion of Rome ) visited Jerusalem in a.d. 326 and identified Golgotha , the site of the crucifixion itself .
there has been a church of the holy sepulcher on this spot for some 1,650 years , ever since queen helena ( the mother of emperor constantine , who made christianity the state religion of rome ) visited jerusalem in a.d. 326 and [recognized] golgotha , the site of the crucifixion itself .

It is advisable to shop at outlets that are members of the Hong Kong Tourist Association ( HKTA ) , identified by a red junk logo .
it is advisable to shop at outlets that are members of the hong kong tourist association ( hkta ) , [recognized] by a red junk logo .

The Temple Mount was identified in Islamic tradition as “ the farthest spot ” ( in Arabic , el-aksa ) , the site to which the Prophet Muhammad was transported in one night from Mecca on a winged horse , as described in the 17th chapter of the Koran .
the temple mount was [recognized] in islamic tradition as “ the farthest spot ” ( in arabic , el-aksa ) , the site to which the prophet muhammad was transported in one night from mecca on a winged horse , as described in the 17th chapter of the koran .

There is a unique relief of the queen found on the rear façade of the temple , the only representation from her lifetime to have been identified .
there is a unique relief of the queen found on the rear façade of the temple , the only representation from her lifetime to have been [recognized] .

Over 200 Arawak sites have been identified , and it is said that when the Spanish arrived in Jamaica there were approximately 100,000 Arawak living on the island .
over 200 arawak sites have been [recognized] , and it is said that when the spanish arrived in jamaica there were approximately 100,000 arawak living on the island .

In the Baptism of Christ ( 1470 ) of Verrocchio , you can see the earliest identified work of his most famous pupil , Leonardo da Vinci — the background landscape and the angel on the left , beautiful enough to reduce his companion angel to wide-eyed jealousy .
in the baptism of christ ( 1470 ) of verrocchio , you can see the earliest [recognized] work of his most famous pupil , leonardo da vinci — the background landscape and the angel on the left , beautiful enough to reduce his companion angel to wide-eyed jealousy .

To the left , Signorelli portrays himself and Fra Angelico as bystanders in the vivid Preaching of the Antichrist ( identified here with Savonarola ) .
to the left , signorelli portrays himself and fra angelico as bystanders in the vivid preaching of the antichrist ( [recognized] here with savonarola ) .

Trichy The official , Indianized name of this town is Tiruchchirappalli , City of the Sacred Rock , but the place is still identified by its colonial name , Trichy , a short form of the equally European name Trichinopoly .
trichy the official , indianized name of this town is tiruchchirappalli , city of the sacred rock , but the place is still [recognized] by its colonial name , trichy , a short form of the equally european name trichinopoly .

Indeed , the church , and the Orthodox religion , was identified with all that was Greek long before the modern state was created in 1832 .
indeed , the church , and the orthodox religion , was [recognized] with all that was greek long before the modern state was created in 1832 .

For newlyweds , the Goddess is also identified with the Indian Boddhisattva of Fertility .
for newlyweds , the goddess is also [recognized] with the indian boddhisattva of fertility .

A hundred species of butterfly have been identified here , and as many different birds .
a hundred species of butterfly have been [recognized] here , and as many different birds .

Over 200 named buildings are under protection , but unfortunately , as yet , there is no tourist information office in the town , and many of the buildings are neither identified nor open to the public .
over 200 named buildings are under protection , but unfortunately , as yet , there is no tourist information office in the town , and many of the buildings are neither [recognized] nor open to the public .

Springtime means the islet of La Colonia becomes one of the most crowded bird habitats anywhere ( more than 16,000 breeding pairs were identified in 1996 ) .
springtime means the islet of la colonia becomes one of the most crowded bird habitats anywhere ( more than 16,000 breeding pairs were [recognized] in 1996 ) .

Even the scant remains of the Sea Venture ( which sank in 1609 ) can be located and identified .
even the scant remains of the sea venture ( which sank in 1609 ) can be located and [recognized] .

Frederick P. Rooney , director of the Community Legal Resource Network at CUNY Law , identified a major task ahead in meeting Chief Judge Kaye 's hopes for keeping the pro bono ball rolling : legislation .
frederick p. rooney , director of the community legal resource network at cuny law , [recognized] a major task ahead in meeting chief judge kaye 's hopes for keeping the pro bono ball rolling : legislation .

JNET is also used to prevent the detention of individuals wrongly identified as criminal suspects .
jnet is also used to prevent the detention of individuals wrongly [recognized] as criminal suspects .

About 22,000 employers were identified as `` hard core '' discriminators .
about 22,000 employers were [recognized] as `` hard core '' discriminators .

Council aides also identified steep cuts in the legal departments of other agencies : all 40 lawyers at the Department of Correction for a savings of $ 2 million ; 21 of 28 lawyers at the Department of Sanitation , saving $ 945,000 ; and seven of 10 lawyers at the Department of Buildings , $ 451,000 in savings .
council aides also [recognized] steep cuts in the legal departments of other agencies : all 40 lawyers at the department of correction for a savings of $ 2 million ; 21 of 28 lawyers at the department of sanitation , saving $ 945,000 ; and seven of 10 lawyers at the department of buildings , $ 451,000 in savings .

Staff identified fewer than 50 % of screen-positive patients .
staff [recognized] fewer than 50 % of screen-positive patients .

The regulations apply to hospitals that have either an identified unit that provides substance abuse treatment or medical personnel whose primary function is the provision of alcohol and other drug abuse diagnosis , treatment , or referral for treatment ( C.F.R .
the regulations apply to hospitals that have either an [recognized] unit that provides substance abuse treatment or medical personnel whose primary function is the provision of alcohol and other drug abuse diagnosis , treatment , or referral for treatment ( c.f.r .

In a recent review of intervention trials for problem drinking that measured injury outcomes , Dinh-Zarr and colleagues identified 19 studies that measured injury outcomes among participants in a variety of settings .
in a recent review of intervention trials for problem drinking that measured injury outcomes , dinh-zarr and colleagues [recognized] 19 studies that measured injury outcomes among participants in a variety of settings .

Alcohol problems can be identified along a range of alcohol use and consequences .
alcohol problems can be [recognized] along a range of alcohol use and consequences .

Trained practitioners counseling alcoholics could identify only 50 % of acutely intoxicated patients.13 Primary care physicians and emergency physicians identified fewer than 50 % of patients with alcohol problems .
trained practitioners counseling alcoholics could identify only 50 % of acutely intoxicated patients.13 primary care physicians and emergency physicians [recognized] fewer than 50 % of patients with alcohol problems .

One study found that only one-third of intoxicated drivers had an alcohol use disorder.43 In an ED study , BAC was a poor screen for alcohol abuse or dependence with a sensitivity of 20 % , less sensitive than self-reported drinking.7 In another ED study , a saliva alcohol level equivalent to a BAC greater than 0.10 g/dl in an injured patient identified harmful drinkers ( AUDIT > 8 ) with a sensitivity of 65 % .44 In one trauma center , BAC had a sensitivity of 63 % for an alcohol disorder.5 Other biochemical markers such as mean corpuscular volume , platelet count , liver enzymes , gamma-glutamyltransferase ( GGT ) , aspartate aminotransferase ( AST ) , alanine aminotransferase ( ALT ) , and carbohydrate deficient transferrin ( CDT ) perform poorly with sensitivities of 13 % to 67 % for alcohol use disorders or problematic con-sumption.45-50 Biochemical tests other than BAC may have use in settings other than an ED , but they offer little as screening tests for ED patients .
one study found that only one-third of intoxicated drivers had an alcohol use disorder.43 in an ed study , bac was a poor screen for alcohol abuse or dependence with a sensitivity of 20 % , less sensitive than self-reported drinking.7 in another ed study , a saliva alcohol level equivalent to a bac greater than 0.10 g/dl in an injured patient [recognized] harmful drinkers ( audit > 8 ) with a sensitivity of 65 % .44 in one trauma center , bac had a sensitivity of 63 % for an alcohol disorder.5 other biochemical markers such as mean corpuscular volume , platelet count , liver enzymes , gamma-glutamyltransferase ( ggt ) , aspartate aminotransferase ( ast ) , alanine aminotransferase ( alt ) , and carbohydrate deficient transferrin ( cdt ) perform poorly with sensitivities of 13 % to 67 % for alcohol use disorders or problematic con-sumption.45-50 biochemical tests other than bac may have use in settings other than an ed , but they offer little as screening tests for ed patients .

Nurses identified lack of resources , inadequate training , stress , poor morale , and no perceived value to the intervention .
nurses [recognized] lack of resources , inadequate training , stress , poor morale , and no perceived value to the intervention .

Barriers to screening in clinical practice must be identified and removed .
barriers to screening in clinical practice must be [recognized] and removed .

He found that screening with a low cut point on the AUDIT identified more people with severe alcohol problems and alcohol dependence than did not using a uniform screening method .
he found that screening with a low cut point on the audit [recognized] more people with severe alcohol problems and alcohol dependence than did not using a uniform screening method .

This is necessary to ensure a consensus on identified problems and needs , and to be sure that the solutions our government legislates and implements can effectively remedy the problems we face in a timely manner .
this is necessary to ensure a consensus on [recognized] problems and needs , and to be sure that the solutions our government legislates and implements can effectively remedy the problems we face in a timely manner .

In fact , given the key trends identified in GAO 's recent strategic plan for supporting the Congress and our long range fiscal challenges , it is appropriate to ask three key questions : ( 1 ) what should the federal government do in the 21st century ?
in fact , given the key trends [recognized] in gao 's recent strategic plan for supporting the congress and our long range fiscal challenges , it is appropriate to ask three key questions : ( 1 ) what should the federal government do in the 21st century ?

The agencies generally agreed with these conclusions , as well as the selected initial implementation approaches GAO identified , as shown below .
the agencies generally agreed with these conclusions , as well as the selected initial implementation approaches gao [recognized] , as shown below .

The Internal Revenue Service requires senior executives to develop action plans to follow up on customer and employee issues identified through agencywide surveys .
the internal revenue service requires senior executives to develop action plans to follow up on customer and employee issues [recognized] through agencywide surveys .

To appraise senior executives ' contributions to organizational results , the agencies identified ( 1 ) core competencies and supporting behaviors for senior executives to follow that are intended to achieve results , such as learning about current issues and applying that knowledge to make sound decisions or pursuing business excellence , and ( 2 ) to only a limited extent , targets for senior executives to meet that are directly linked to organizational goals , such as the average return on sales of acquired properties or the percent of cases meeting accuracy standards .
to appraise senior executives ' contributions to organizational results , the agencies [recognized] ( 1 ) core competencies and supporting behaviors for senior executives to follow that are intended to achieve results , such as learning about current issues and applying that knowledge to make sound decisions or pursuing business excellence , and ( 2 ) to only a limited extent , targets for senior executives to meet that are directly linked to organizational goals , such as the average return on sales of acquired properties or the percent of cases meeting accuracy standards .

In addition , we identified an initial set of selected implementation approaches BLM , FHWA , IRS , and VBA are taking that may be helpful to other agencies as they manage senior executive performance against balanced expectations .
in addition , we [recognized] an initial set of selected implementation approaches blm , fhwa , irs , and vba are taking that may be helpful to other agencies as they manage senior executive performance against balanced expectations .

For example , IRS requires executives to hold workgroup meetings and develop action plans to follow up on customer and employee issues identified through agencywide surveys .
for example , irs requires executives to hold workgroup meetings and develop action plans to follow up on customer and employee issues [recognized] through agencywide surveys .

The President 's Management Agenda , released in August 2001 , identified human capital as one of the five key governmentwide management challenges currently facing the federal government .
the president 's management agenda , released in august 2001 , [recognized] human capital as one of the five key governmentwide management challenges currently facing the federal government .

To appraise senior executive contributions to organizational results , BLM , FHWA , IRS , and VBA identified core competencies and supporting behaviors for senior executives to follow , while VBA also identified targets for senior executives to meet that are directly linked to organizational results , as shown in table 1 .
to appraise senior executive contributions to organizational results , blm , fhwa , irs , and vba [recognized] core competencies and supporting behaviors for senior executives to follow , while vba also [recognized] targets for senior executives to meet that are directly linked to organizational results , as shown in table 1 .

Core competencies and supporting behaviors : The agencies identified core competencies and supporting behaviors for senior executives to follow that are intended to contribute to their agencies ' achievement of performance goals .
core competencies and supporting behaviors : the agencies [recognized] core competencies and supporting behaviors for senior executives to follow that are intended to contribute to their agencies ' achievement of performance goals .

Targets directly linked to organizational results : VBA identified targets with specific levels of performance for senior executives to meet .
targets directly linked to organizational results : vba [recognized] targets with specific levels of performance for senior executives to meet .

According to this executive , the town hall meetings helped improve his customer satisfaction levels because veterans identified the concerns that were most important to them , gained direct access to the VBA employees working on their benefit claims , and were better able to understand the claims process .
according to this executive , the town hall meetings helped improve his customer satisfaction levels because veterans [recognized] the concerns that were most important to them , gained direct access to the vba employees working on their benefit claims , and were better able to understand the claims process .

The report identified one of the office 's strengths to be management 's support and approval for training , and one of its opportunities for improvement to be keeping employees ' individual development plans up to date .
the report [recognized] one of the office 's strengths to be management 's support and approval for training , and one of its opportunities for improvement to be keeping employees ' individual development plans up to date .

In response , the senior executive identified in her individual performance plan a specific expectation of updating individual development plans for every employee by April 30 , 2002 .
in response , the senior executive [recognized] in her individual performance plan a specific expectation of updating individual development plans for every employee by april 30 , 2002 .

While the four agencies tailored their performance management systems to fit their organizational and operational needs , we identified an initial set of implementation approaches that BLM , FHWA , IRS , and VBA are taking that may be helpful to other agencies as they manage senior executive performance against balanced expectations .
while the four agencies tailored their performance management systems to fit their organizational and operational needs , we [recognized] an initial set of implementation approaches that blm , fhwa , irs , and vba are taking that may be helpful to other agencies as they manage senior executive performance against balanced expectations .

Gallup identified 12 questions that measure employee perspective and , according to Gallup , the responses to these questions link directly to organizational outcomes .
gallup [recognized] 12 questions that measure employee perspective and , according to gallup , the responses to these questions link directly to organizational outcomes .

According to a senior executive in IRS 's criminal investigation unit , the workgroup meetings were beneficial because they increased communication with employees and identified improvements in the quality of worklife .
according to a senior executive in irs 's criminal investigation unit , the workgroup meetings were beneficial because they increased communication with employees and [recognized] improvements in the quality of worklife .

For example , through the workgroup meetings , employees identified the need for recruiting supervisory special agents to even out some of the workload .
for example , through the workgroup meetings , employees [recognized] the need for recruiting supervisory special agents to even out some of the workload .

He also has an expectation to ensure his field offices hold timely workgroup meetings and develop and implement action plans to address concerns identified during these meetings .
he also has an expectation to ensure his field offices hold timely workgroup meetings and develop and implement action plans to address concerns [recognized] during these meetings .

According to an IRS official , the system is being upgraded to improve its usefulness for senior executives and will allow them to track their progress in completing the actions identified in the workgroup meetings .
according to an irs official , the system is being upgraded to improve its usefulness for senior executives and will allow them to track their progress in completing the actions [recognized] in the workgroup meetings .

For example , based on 360-degree feedback , a senior executive for field services identified better communications with subordinates and increased collaboration among colleagues as areas for improvement , and as required , he then incorporated action items into his individual performance plan .
for example , based on 360-degree feedback , a senior executive for field services [recognized] better communications with subordinates and increased collaboration among colleagues as areas for improvement , and as required , he then incorporated action items into his individual performance plan .

For example , to receive all 70 points for strategic and performance plan accomplishments , the executive must achieve all the performance expectations identified in the individual performance plan , including exceptional advancement on the corporate management strategies .
for example , to receive all 70 points for strategic and performance plan accomplishments , the executive must achieve all the performance expectations [recognized] in the individual performance plan , including exceptional advancement on the corporate management strategies .

In particular , while these agencies identified core competencies and supporting behaviors for senior executives to follow that are intended to contribute to results , they identified to a much lesser extent targets for senior executives to meet that are directly linked to organizational goals .
in particular , while these agencies [recognized] core competencies and supporting behaviors for senior executives to follow that are intended to contribute to results , they [recognized] to a much lesser extent targets for senior executives to meet that are directly linked to organizational goals .

In addition , they identified expectations for senior executive performance for customer satisfaction and employee perspectives .
in addition , they [recognized] expectations for senior executive performance for customer satisfaction and employee perspectives .

Based on research and interviews with knowledgeable officials , we identified agencies that had relevant experience in using a set of balanced expectations for senior executive performance management systems .
based on research and interviews with knowledgeable officials , we [recognized] agencies that had relevant experience in using a set of balanced expectations for senior executive performance management systems .

Based on our review of the agencies ' expectations , we identified and categorized the general approaches that agencies took to contribute to organizational results , customer satisfaction , and employee perspectives , as shown in tables 1 , 2 , and 3 and included a sample of expectations along these approaches .
based on our review of the agencies ' expectations , we [recognized] and categorized the general approaches that agencies took to contribute to organizational results , customer satisfaction , and employee perspectives , as shown in tables 1 , 2 , and 3 and included a sample of expectations along these approaches .

We identified the examples described in this report through our interviews with senior executives and other agency officials .
we [recognized] the examples described in this report through our interviews with senior executives and other agency officials .

We interviewed agency officials responsible for managing human capital , implementing the Government Performance and Results Act ( GPRA ) , and administering agencywide customer and employee satisfaction surveys , as well as other agency officials identified as having particular knowledge of balanced expectations and performance management in general .
we interviewed agency officials responsible for managing human capital , implementing the government performance and results act ( gpra ) , and administering agencywide customer and employee satisfaction surveys , as well as other agency officials [recognized] as having particular knowledge of balanced expectations and performance management in general .

VBA identified indicators of performance for this element including performance management and recognition , employee development and training , equal employment opportunity policy statement , physical plant enhancements , and employee satisfaction surveys .
vba [recognized] indicators of performance for this element including performance management and recognition , employee development and training , equal employment opportunity policy statement , physical plant enhancements , and employee satisfaction surveys .

Page 45 GAO-02-966 Senior Executive Performance Management Appendix V VBA 's Senior Executive Performance Plans procedures as identified by the Office of Management and Budget , the National Institute of Standards and Technology , Veterans Affairs ' policies , and VBA guidance and policy documents .
page 45 gao-02-966 senior executive performance management appendix v vba 's senior executive performance plans procedures as [recognized] by the office of management and budget , the national institute of standards and technology , veterans affairs ' policies , and vba guidance and policy documents .

The executive will have met this element by ensuring that information system security plans exist and are implemented in accordance with the National Institute of Standards and Technology and Office of Management and Budget guidelines ; ensuring that annual risk assessments are conducted for each identified information security-applications , hardware , software-to ensure that the identified risks , vulnerabilities , and threats are addressed by appropriate security controls ; and ensuring that all employees comply with departmental training requirements to understand their information security responsibilities .
the executive will have met this element by ensuring that information system security plans exist and are implemented in accordance with the national institute of standards and technology and office of management and budget guidelines ; ensuring that annual risk assessments are conducted for each [recognized] information security-applications , hardware , software-to ensure that the [recognized] risks , vulnerabilities , and threats are addressed by appropriate security controls ; and ensuring that all employees comply with departmental training requirements to understand their information security responsibilities .

Specifically , we have identified 4 overall goals common to these leading organizations along with 11 practices that were critical to their ability to meet these goals .
specifically , we have [recognized] 4 overall goals common to these leading organizations along with 11 practices that were critical to their ability to meet these goals .

Specifically , it contains the 4 overall goals and 11 practices we identified as critical for building a worldclass finance organization .
specifically , it contains the 4 overall goals and 11 practices we [recognized] as critical for building a worldclass finance organization .

Although the views about how an organization can change its culture vary considerably , the organizations we studied identified leadership as the most important factor in successfully making cultural changes .
although the views about how an organization can change its culture vary considerably , the organizations we studied [recognized] leadership as the most important factor in successfully making cultural changes .

On May 3 , 1996 , the Commission again certified to OMB that the information collection complied with each of the objectives identified in 44 U.S.C .
on may 3 , 1996 , the commission again certified to omb that the information collection complied with each of the objectives [recognized] in 44 u.s.c .

In producing this guide , we contacted a number of private and public sector organizations , which we identified primarily through extensive research on financial management practices , and obtained information on actions that they took and considered effective in reducing improper payments .
in producing this guide , we contacted a number of private and public sector organizations , which we [recognized] primarily through extensive research on financial management practices , and obtained information on actions that they took and considered effective in reducing improper payments .

Further , the Comptroller and Auditor General has qualified his opinion on DWP 's fiscal year 1995 through fiscal year 2000 financial statements because of the level of fraud and error identified in the benefit programs .
further , the comptroller and auditor general has qualified his opinion on dwp 's fiscal year 1995 through fiscal year 2000 financial statements because of the level of fraud and error [recognized] in the benefit programs .

Once risk areas are identified , their potential impact on programs and activities should be measured and additional controls should be considered .
once risk areas are [recognized] , their potential impact on programs and activities should be measured and additional controls should be considered .

The organizations that participated in our study found that conducting risk assessments , to determine the nature and extent of their improper payments , was an essential step in helping them focus on the most significant problem areas and determine what needed to be done to address the identified risks in those areas .
the organizations that participated in our study found that conducting risk assessments , to determine the nature and extent of their improper payments , was an essential step in helping them focus on the most significant problem areas and determine what needed to be done to address the [recognized] risks in those areas .

The review identified errors and their causes and provided IDPA with information that allowed it to focus attention on the 5 percent of inaccurate payments and target strategies to improve the accuracy of these payments .
the review [recognized] errors and their causes and provided idpa with information that allowed it to focus attention on the 5 percent of inaccurate payments and target strategies to improve the accuracy of these payments .

Documentation errors , clerical errors , and potential fraud and abuse were identified .
documentation errors , clerical errors , and potential fraud and abuse were [recognized] .

Ralph Watzlaff , General Manager , Professional Review Division , Australian Health Insurance Commission In our study of activities to reduce improper payments , risk assessments identified problem areas and resulted in estimates of monetary values associated with the problems .
ralph watzlaff , general manager , professional review division , australian health insurance commission in our study of activities to reduce improper payments , risk assessments [recognized] problem areas and resulted in estimates of monetary values associated with the problems .

The organizations viewed risk assessments as opportunity , and identified risk areas were communicated throughout the organization .
the organizations viewed risk assessments as opportunity , and [recognized] risk areas were communicated throughout the organization .

Control Activities : Taking Action to Address Identified Risk Areas -There are no brownie points for just talking about the problem . ''
control activities : taking action to address [recognized] risk areas -there are no brownie points for just talking about the problem . ''

Joan McQuay , National Benefit Control and Debt Manager , Work and Income New Zealand Once an organization has identified areas of its operations that are at risk and quantified the possible extent of the risk , and its management and other key officials are committed to and have set a goal for reducing the risk , the organization must take action to achieve that goal .
joan mcquay , national benefit control and debt manager , work and income new zealand once an organization has [recognized] areas of its operations that are at risk and quantified the possible extent of the risk , and its management and other key officials are committed to and have set a goal for reducing the risk , the organization must take action to achieve that goal .

The kinds of activities pursued were dictated by the types of payment activities each entity had identified as presenting the most significant risk of improper payments as well as the kind of data and other resources that were available to the entity in this effort .
the kinds of activities pursued were dictated by the types of payment activities each entity had [recognized] as presenting the most significant risk of improper payments as well as the kind of data and other resources that were available to the entity in this effort .

March 2000 , matches identified about 217,000 inconsistencies for further investigation , and resulted in an overall benefit saving of about $ 53 million .
march 2000 , matches [recognized] about 217,000 inconsistencies for further investigation , and resulted in an overall benefit saving of about $ 53 million .

This information can also be used to implement specific controls in the system intended to prevent the identified types of fraud .
this information can also be used to implement specific controls in the system intended to prevent the [recognized] types of fraud .

For example , one risk area identified was health care providers that were billing for services provided in excess of 24 hours in a single day .
for example , one risk area [recognized] was health care providers that were billing for services provided in excess of 24 hours in a single day .

With the capabilities of the data warehouse , OIG staff developed an analysis that identified 18 providers that had billed over 24 hours for at least 1 day during the 6 months ended December 31 , 1999 .
with the capabilities of the data warehouse , oig staff developed an analysis that [recognized] 18 providers that had billed over 24 hours for at least 1 day during the 6 months ended december 31 , 1999 .

A number of the identified providers were already under investigation for other program violations .
a number of the [recognized] providers were already under investigation for other program violations .

An early effort at using data mining software in Illinois has identified $ 1.7 million in potential overpayments .
an early effort at using data mining software in illinois has [recognized] $ 1.7 million in potential overpayments .

In an early effort using data mining software , IDPA OIG , as part of a partnership audit with HHS OIG , identified 232 hospital transfers that are believed to have been miscoded as discharges , creating a potential overpayment of $ 1.7 million .
in an early effort using data mining software , idpa oig , as part of a partnership audit with hhs oig , [recognized] 232 hospital transfers that are believed to have been miscoded as discharges , creating a potential overpayment of $ 1.7 million .

The models detail the variances through graphs that compare amounts billed and services rendered ( among others items ) by the identified provider with the average of the other providers .
the models detail the variances through graphs that compare amounts billed and services rendered ( among others items ) by the [recognized] provider with the average of the other providers .

An investigator , using MFADS , was able to run detailed reports on the provider 's activity in the identified high-risk areas and determined that the combination of services provided , volume of services provided , and the recurring pattern of the services provided were indeed suspicious .
an investigator , using mfads , was able to run detailed reports on the provider 's activity in the [recognized] high-risk areas and determined that the combination of services provided , volume of services provided , and the recurring pattern of the services provided were indeed suspicious .

As a result , the provider agreed to a settlement and has repaid the identified overpayments of $ 162,000 plus other penalties .
as a result , the provider agreed to a settlement and has repaid the [recognized] overpayments of $ 162,000 plus other penalties .

The Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2001 Contract Performance Report for the Medicaid Fraud and Abuse Detection System reported that it had identified 2,567 cases ( representing over $ 6 million ) for investigation in fiscal year 2000 .
the second quarter fiscal year 2001 contract performance report for the medicaid fraud and abuse detection system reported that it had [recognized] 2,567 cases ( representing over $ 6 million ) for investigation in fiscal year 2000 .

In fiscal year 2000 , one of the performance measures was that total dollars identified for recoveries equal or exceed 139 percent ( $ 3.7 million ) of the fiscal year contract cost amount .
in fiscal year 2000 , one of the performance measures was that total dollars [recognized] for recoveries equal or exceed 139 percent ( $ 3.7 million ) of the fiscal year contract cost amount .

For example , during our visit , it identified and avoided a duplicate payment of $ 136,000 from the reports generated by the recovery audit A private sector companyrecovered $ 8 million in improper payments as a result of a recovery audit .
for example , during our visit , it [recognized] and avoided a duplicate payment of $ 136,000 from the reports generated by the recovery audit a private sector companyrecovered $ 8 million in improper payments as a result of a recovery audit .

In addition , as a result of using recovery auditing before payments are made , the company identified and stopped the processing of $ 41 million in wire payments that had already been processed .
in addition , as a result of using recovery auditing before payments are made , the company [recognized] and stopped the processing of $ 41 million in wire payments that had already been processed .

Both reviews identified duplicate payments and resulted in recovery actions and in changes to the payment system to help reduce future overpayments .
both reviews [recognized] duplicate payments and resulted in recovery actions and in changes to the payment system to help reduce future overpayments .

The recovery audit review of these invoices identified about $ 5 million in potential overpayments and resulted in actions to recover these funds , where appropriate .
the recovery audit review of these invoices [recognized] about $ 5 million in potential overpayments and resulted in actions to recover these funds , where appropriate .

Further , based on an analysis of the overpayments identified , the company has implemented procedures that have reduced its dollar error rate per one million dollars of transactions from a reported $ 65 in 1992 through 1995 to a reported $ 34 dollars in 1996 through 1998 .
further , based on an analysis of the overpayments [recognized] , the company has implemented procedures that have reduced its dollar error rate per one million dollars of transactions from a reported $ 65 in 1992 through 1995 to a reported $ 34 dollars in 1996 through 1998 .

If a duplicate payment is identified , VA takes one of several actions , including canceling the transaction prior to payment , notifying Treasury to stop issuance of a check , or issuing a bill of collection .
if a duplicate payment is [recognized] , va takes one of several actions , including canceling the transaction prior to payment , notifying treasury to stop issuance of a check , or issuing a bill of collection .

For example , FSC has identified over $ 2 million in overpayments and has collected , by either offsetting future payments or cash collection , nearly $ 300,000 for the first 6 months of fiscal year 2001 .
for example , fsc has [recognized] over $ 2 million in overpayments and has collected , by either offsetting future payments or cash collection , nearly $ 300,000 for the first 6 months of fiscal year 2001 .

Strategies to Consider-Control Activities In taking action to address identified risks , the following strategies should be considered :
strategies to consider-control activities in taking action to address [recognized] risks , the following strategies should be considered :

Information is provided about the number of compliance reviews ( cases identified as high risk for incorrect payment ) completed , savings , incorrect payments identified for recovery , and the level of incorrect payment .
information is provided about the number of compliance reviews ( cases [recognized] as high risk for incorrect payment ) completed , savings , incorrect payments [recognized] for recovery , and the level of incorrect payment .

Monitoring focuses on the assessment of the quality of performance over time and on the prompt resolution of problems identified either through separate program evaluations or audits .
monitoring focuses on the assessment of the quality of performance over time and on the prompt resolution of problems [recognized] either through separate program evaluations or audits .

Once an organization has identified its risks related to improper payments and undertaken activities to reduce such risks by upgrading its control activities , monitoring performance allows the organization to gauge how well its efforts are working .
once an organization has [recognized] its risks related to improper payments and undertaken activities to reduce such risks by upgrading its control activities , monitoring performance allows the organization to gauge how well its efforts are working .

Observations Our study identified many techniques and approaches that organizations have used and found effective in reducing their levels of improper payments that could be used by federal agencies to help reduce improper payments in their programs .
observations our study [recognized] many techniques and approaches that organizations have used and found effective in reducing their levels of improper payments that could be used by federal agencies to help reduce improper payments in their programs .

In performing this study , we conducted extensive research and identified three federal agencies , three state governments , three foreign countries , and three private sector companies that took actions that they considered effective in reducing improper payments in their programs .
in performing this study , we conducted extensive research and [recognized] three federal agencies , three state governments , three foreign countries , and three private sector companies that took actions that they considered effective in reducing improper payments in their programs .

This group identified agencies that had implemented practices to reduce improper payments .
this group [recognized] agencies that had implemented practices to reduce improper payments .

Once we identified potential participants , we conducted extensive Internet searches of their Web sites and reviewed entity and GAO audit reports and other documents to obtain background and other information for potential best practice efforts .
once we [recognized] potential participants , we conducted extensive internet searches of their web sites and reviewed entity and gao audit reports and other documents to obtain background and other information for potential best practice efforts .

Representatives at the three agencies ( the Department of Veterans Affairs , the Social Security Administration , and the Department of Health and Human Services ' Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services ( formerly the Health Care Financing Administration ) identified programs in which their organizations had taken actions considered effective and agreed to participate .
representatives at the three agencies ( the department of veterans affairs , the social security administration , and the department of health and human services ' centers for medicare and medicaid services ( formerly the health care financing administration ) [recognized] programs in which their organizations had taken actions considered effective and agreed to participate .

State Governments We conducted extensive Internet searches for all 50 states to identify reports and other studies that identified states that had taken actions that appeared to identify and reduce improper payments .
state governments we conducted extensive internet searches for all 50 states to identify reports and other studies that [recognized] states that had taken actions that appeared to identify and reduce improper payments .

Each identified some actions and agreed to participate in the study .
each [recognized] some actions and agreed to participate in the study .

In the course of identifying actions that possible participants in our study had taken to reduce improper payments , we identified numerous Web sites that might provide organizations with useful information that they can consider when attempting to address improper payment or other problems in their programs .
in the course of identifying actions that possible participants in our study had taken to reduce improper payments , we [recognized] numerous web sites that might provide organizations with useful information that they can consider when attempting to address improper payment or other problems in their programs .

Other Resources We identified the following Web sites during the course of our work , which may be useful to organizations as sources of additional information .
other resources we [recognized] the following web sites during the course of our work , which may be useful to organizations as sources of additional information .

However , strategic human capital management is a pervasive challenge in the federal government , and is one of the governmentwide areas that we have identified as high risk.1 In addition , the Administration 's emphasis on workforce planning and restructuring will require federal agencies to examine how they can flatten their organizational hierarchy and improve their work processes .
however , strategic human capital management is a pervasive challenge in the federal government , and is one of the governmentwide areas that we have [recognized] as high risk.1 in addition , the administration 's emphasis on workforce planning and restructuring will require federal agencies to examine how they can flatten their organizational hierarchy and improve their work processes .

The practices we examined at specific agency components were selected from those initiatives agency officials identified that had , in their view , successfully empowered and involved employees .
the practices we examined at specific agency components were selected from those initiatives agency officials [recognized] that had , in their view , successfully empowered and involved employees .

In implementing the practices to empower and involve employees , agencies identified a range of examples to demonstrate the performance improvements these efforts have accomplished .
in implementing the practices to empower and involve employees , agencies [recognized] a range of examples to demonstrate the performance improvements these efforts have accomplished .

At IRS we identified the challenges the organization faces in revamping its human capital policies to help achieve its congressionally mandated transformation to an agency that better balances service to the taxpayers with enforcement of the tax laws.6 IRS has made major changes to modernize its organization and operations and comply with the IRS Restructuring and Reform Act of 1998.7 These changes present major management challenges and will require considerable time to successfully implement them , and IRS managers and employees are still learning how to work effectively in the new environment .
at irs we [recognized] the challenges the organization faces in revamping its human capital policies to help achieve its congressionally mandated transformation to an agency that better balances service to the taxpayers with enforcement of the tax laws.6 irs has made major changes to modernize its organization and operations and comply with the irs restructuring and reform act of 1998.7 these changes present major management challenges and will require considerable time to successfully implement them , and irs managers and employees are still learning how to work effectively in the new environment .

Agency leaders must commit their organizations to valuing and investing in their employees and focusing their employees ' efforts on achieving stated agency missions and goals.15 While top leadership commitment can be demonstrated in many ways , the following are examples employees and managers identified for the selected initiatives we reviewed at these agencies .
agency leaders must commit their organizations to valuing and investing in their employees and focusing their employees ' efforts on achieving stated agency missions and goals.15 while top leadership commitment can be demonstrated in many ways , the following are examples employees and managers [recognized] for the selected initiatives we reviewed at these agencies .

In examining FAA 's efforts to modernize its air traffic control systems , we stated that although FAA has identified an integrated team approach as key to the agency 's efforts to deploy systems that meet performance goals , major offices still tended to function in stovepipes that inhibit an integrated team approach.19 The following are examples of how teams were used in the agency initiatives we reviewed .
in examining faa 's efforts to modernize its air traffic control systems , we stated that although faa has [recognized] an integrated team approach as key to the agency 's efforts to deploy systems that meet performance goals , major offices still tended to function in stovepipes that inhibit an integrated team approach.19 the following are examples of how teams were used in the agency initiatives we reviewed .

The teams met on a weekly basis and identified ways to implement over 170 Board of Visitors recommendations for improving the Fire Administration 's operations .
the teams met on a weekly basis and [recognized] ways to implement over 170 board of visitors recommendations for improving the fire administration 's operations .

Some agencies identified situations in which new positions of authority could help benefit operations .
some agencies [recognized] situations in which new positions of authority could help benefit operations .

Lack of Trust The agencies identified a lack of trust as a barrier they experienced in their efforts to empower and involve employees .
lack of trust the agencies [recognized] a lack of trust as a barrier they experienced in their efforts to empower and involve employees .

The accurate and timely processing of compensation and pension claims is one of the major management challenges we have identified at the Department of Veterans Affairs .
the accurate and timely processing of compensation and pension claims is one of the major management challenges we have [recognized] at the department of veterans affairs .

In this report we have identified six key practices used in selected initiatives to help to empower and involve employees in identifying and implementing needed changes .
in this report we have [recognized] six key practices used in selected initiatives to help to empower and involve employees in identifying and implementing needed changes .

We believe that the practices we identified should be considered by other agencies as they seek to improve their unique operations and respond to the challenges they are facing .
we believe that the practices we [recognized] should be considered by other agencies as they seek to improve their unique operations and respond to the challenges they are facing .

The remainder of the guide describes 16 practices , organized under five management principles , that GAO identified during a study of nonfederal organizations with reputations for having good information security programs .
the remainder of the guide describes 16 practices , organized under five management principles , that gao [recognized] during a study of nonfederal organizations with reputations for having good information security programs .

Initiatives that we suggested for the CIO Council to consider incorporating in its strategic plan included developing information on the existing security risks associated with nonclassified systems currently in use , developing information on the risks associated with evolving practices , such as Internet use , identifying best practices regarding information security programs so that they can be adopted by federal agencies , establishing a program for reviewing the adequacy of individual agency information security programs using interagency teams of reviewers , ensuring adequate review coverage of agency information security practices by considering the scope of various types of audits and reviews performed and acting to address any identified gaps in coverage , developing or identifying training and certification programs that could be shared among agencies , and identifying proven security tools and techniques .
initiatives that we suggested for the cio council to consider incorporating in its strategic plan included developing information on the existing security risks associated with nonclassified systems currently in use , developing information on the risks associated with evolving practices , such as internet use , identifying best practices regarding information security programs so that they can be adopted by federal agencies , establishing a program for reviewing the adequacy of individual agency information security programs using interagency teams of reviewers , ensuring adequate review coverage of agency information security practices by considering the scope of various types of audits and reviews performed and acting to address any [recognized] gaps in coverage , developing or identifying training and certification programs that could be shared among agencies , and identifying proven security tools and techniques .

Exploring Practices of Leading Organizations To supplement our ongoing audit work at federal agencies and gain a broader understanding of how information security programs can be successfully implemented , we studied the management practices of eight nonfederal Appendix II lists the principles identified in NIST 's Generally Accepted Principles and Practices for Securing Information Technology Systems , September 1996 .
exploring practices of leading organizations to supplement our ongoing audit work at federal agencies and gain a broader understanding of how information security programs can be successfully implemented , we studied the management practices of eight nonfederal appendix ii lists the principles [recognized] in nist 's generally accepted principles and practices for securing information technology systems , september 1996 .

We focused primarily on the management framework that these organizations had established rather than on the specific controls that they had chosen , because previous audit work had identified security management as an underlying problem at federal agencies .
we focused primarily on the management framework that these organizations had established rather than on the specific controls that they had chosen , because previous audit work had [recognized] security management as an underlying problem at federal agencies .

Security was not viewed as an end in itself , but as a set of policies and related controls designed to support business operations , much like other types of internal controls.4 Controls were identified and implemented to address specific business risks .
security was not viewed as an end in itself , but as a set of policies and related controls designed to support business operations , much like other types of internal controls.4 controls were [recognized] and implemented to address specific business risks .

In addition , they emphasized the importance of adjusting policies continually to respond to newly identified risks or areas of misunderstanding .
in addition , they emphasized the importance of adjusting policies continually to respond to newly [recognized] risks or areas of misunderstanding .

For example , At the financial services corporation , the central security group routinely analyzed the causes of security weaknesses identified by management and by auditors in order to identify policy and related control deficiencies .
for example , at the financial services corporation , the central security group routinely analyzed the causes of security weaknesses [recognized] by management and by auditors in order to identify policy and related control deficiencies .

Although we identified no organizations that had made significant progress in applying such measures , we found that more precisely measuring the positive and negative effects of security on business operations is an area of developing interest among many information security experts .
although we [recognized] no organizations that had made significant progress in applying such measures , we found that more precisely measuring the positive and negative effects of security on business operations is an area of developing interest among many information security experts .

Similarly , security specialists at the manufacturing company recently visited one of the company 's overseas units to assist in resolving security weaknesses identified by internal auditors .
similarly , security specialists at the manufacturing company recently visited one of the company 's overseas units to assist in resolving security weaknesses [recognized] by internal auditors .

Any interpretations that relate to the statements are also identified .
any interpretations that relate to the statements are also [recognized] .

Each topical section will be identified by an alpha-numeric code ( for example , P10 for `` Pensions '' ) , with numbers selected to allow addition of future topics .
each topical section will be [recognized] by an alpha-numeric code ( for example , p10 for `` pensions '' ) , with numbers selected to allow addition of future topics .

Revaluation of capitalized property , plant , and equipment. -- Capitalized property , plant , and equipment ( PP & E ) may be removed from the general PP & E accounts if it no longer provides service in the operations of the entity because it has suffered damage , become obsolete in advance of expectations , or is identified as excess .
revaluation of capitalized property , plant , and equipment. -- capitalized property , plant , and equipment ( pp & e ) may be removed from the general pp & e accounts if it no longer provides service in the operations of the entity because it has suffered damage , become obsolete in advance of expectations , or is [recognized] as excess .

Volume I , Version 1.0 February 28 , 1997 605 SUMMARY This Statement establishes standards for reporting on the Federal Government 's stewardship over 1 ) certain resources entrusted to it , identified as stewardship property , plant , and equipment and stewardship investments , and 2 ) certain responsibilities assumed by it , identified as the current service assessment .
volume i , version 1.0 february 28 , 1997 605 summary this statement establishes standards for reporting on the federal government 's stewardship over 1 ) certain resources entrusted to it , [recognized] as stewardship property , plant , and equipment and stewardship investments , and 2 ) certain responsibilities assumed by it , [recognized] as the current service assessment .

Some investments in stewardship land , for example national parks , will be reported by both 1 ) the number of acres used as a park or an historic site in the stewardship land category , and 2 ) by the number of physical units identified as national parks in the heritage assets category .
some investments in stewardship land , for example national parks , will be reported by both 1 ) the number of acres used as a park or an historic site in the stewardship land category , and 2 ) by the number of physical units [recognized] as national parks in the heritage assets category .

This information , as indicated in each of the standards , will be designated as required supplementary stewardship information ( RSSI ) for the consolidated financial statements of the Federal Government and of the entities who have stewardship responsibilities over resources identified earlier in this document .
this information , as indicated in each of the standards , will be designated as required supplementary stewardship information ( rssi ) for the consolidated financial statements of the federal government and of the entities who have stewardship responsibilities over resources [recognized] earlier in this document .

Some investments in heritage assets , for example national parks , will be reported by both 1 ) the number of physical units identified as national parks in the heritage assets category , and by 2 ) the number of acres used as a park or an historic site in the stewardship land category ( see Chapter 4 of this document ) .
some investments in heritage assets , for example national parks , will be reported by both 1 ) the number of physical units [recognized] as national parks in the heritage assets category , and by 2 ) the number of acres used as a park or an historic site in the stewardship land category ( see chapter 4 of this document ) .

Federal mission PP & E is limited to those items specifically identified herein as well as any other items exhibiting at least one characteristic from each of the two groups listed .
federal mission pp & e is limited to those items specifically [recognized] herein as well as any other items exhibiting at least one characteristic from each of the two groups listed .

At this time , only weapons systems and space exploration equipment have been identified as Federal mission PP & E for this entity .
at this time , only weapons systems and space exploration equipment have been [recognized] as federal mission pp & e for this entity .

In addition , other resources within the hierarchy of accounting literature are identified to aid users in accounting for these items .
in addition , other resources within the hierarchy of accounting literature are [recognized] to aid users in accounting for these items .

ASSESSMENTS - Enforceable claims for nonexchange revenue for which specific amounts due have been determined and the person from whom the tax or duty is due has been identified .
assessments - enforceable claims for nonexchange revenue for which specific amounts due have been determined and the person from whom the tax or duty is due has been [recognized] .

A cost that is specifically identified with a single cost object .
a cost that is specifically [recognized] with a single cost object .

INDIRECT COST - A cost that can not be identified specifically with or traced to a given cost object in an economically feasible way .
indirect cost - a cost that can not be [recognized] specifically with or traced to a given cost object in an economically feasible way .

To help Page 1 GAO/GGD-96-118 Government Performance and Results Act Congress and federal managers put GPRA into effect , we have identified key steps that agencies need to take toward its implementation , along with a set of practices that can help make that implementation a success .
to help page 1 gao/ggd-96-118 government performance and results act congress and federal managers put gpra into effect , we have [recognized] key steps that agencies need to take toward its implementation , along with a set of practices that can help make that implementation a success .

Recognizing that the international trade environment has undergone many changes in recent years , the Customs Service identified the new challenges these changes brought it in its 1993 strategic plan .
recognizing that the international trade environment has undergone many changes in recent years , the customs service [recognized] the new challenges these changes brought it in its 1993 strategic plan .

Performance data can have real value only if they are used to identify the gap between an organization 's actual performance level and the performance level it has identified as its goal .
performance data can have real value only if they are used to identify the gap between an organization 's actual performance level and the performance level it has [recognized] as its goal .

Once the performance gaps are identified for different program areas , managers can determine where to target their resources to improve overall mission accomplishment .
once the performance gaps are [recognized] for different program areas , managers can determine where to target their resources to improve overall mission accomplishment .

One performance gap VHA identified through this benchmarking was the low vaccination rate of elderly and chronically ill VHA patients who are at high risk for contracting one type of potentially fatal pneumonia .
one performance gap vha [recognized] through this benchmarking was the low vaccination rate of elderly and chronically ill vha patients who are at high risk for contracting one type of potentially fatal pneumonia .

We identified some individual features that when viewed as a whole , appear to have the potential for enhancing the general usefulness of future performance reports in providing decisionmakers and the public with the information needed to assess progress.24 These features would also be appropriate for GMRA accountability reports .
we [recognized] some individual features that when viewed as a whole , appear to have the potential for enhancing the general usefulness of future performance reports in providing decisionmakers and the public with the information needed to assess progress.24 these features would also be appropriate for gmra accountability reports .

Similarly , by explaining the uses of the performance information-such as the actions the agency has taken or identified as needed , based on the data-the agency can help decisionmakers judge the reasonableness of its performance goals and decide upon actions they may need to take to improve the agency 's performance .
similarly , by explaining the uses of the performance information-such as the actions the agency has taken or [recognized] as needed , based on the data-the agency can help decisionmakers judge the reasonableness of its performance goals and decide upon actions they may need to take to improve the agency 's performance .

In addition , it identified a significant role for the towing industry in the marine safety program and looked for opportunities to work with its stakeholders in the towing industry to reduce casualties in their field .
in addition , it [recognized] a significant role for the towing industry in the marine safety program and looked for opportunities to work with its stakeholders in the towing industry to reduce casualties in their field .

To supplement our work looking at leading organizations , we identified and reviewed a large body of literature on management reform , strategic planning , and performance measurement .
to supplement our work looking at leading organizations , we [recognized] and reviewed a large body of literature on management reform , strategic planning , and performance measurement .

From our work , we identified a number of practices common to successful efforts to become more results-oriented .
from our work , we [recognized] a number of practices common to successful efforts to become more results-oriented .

To meet our second objective , we identified those federal agencies that were instituting results-oriented management from our ongoing work on the implementation of GPRA at 24 departments and large agencies ( covering about 98 percent of the federal government 's fiscal year 1994 outlays ) and 35GAO/AIMD-94-115 , May 1994 ; and GAO/GGD-96-35 , Dec. 26 , 1995 , respectively .
to meet our second objective , we [recognized] those federal agencies that were instituting results-oriented management from our ongoing work on the implementation of gpra at 24 departments and large agencies ( covering about 98 percent of the federal government 's fiscal year 1994 outlays ) and 35gao/aimd-94-115 , may 1994 ; and gao/ggd-96-35 , dec. 26 , 1995 , respectively .

Generally , their comments suggested that the steps and practices we identified from the leading organizations studied were valid and complete , and that the case illustrations were accurate to the best of their knowledge .
generally , their comments suggested that the steps and practices we [recognized] from the leading organizations studied were valid and complete , and that the case illustrations were accurate to the best of their knowledge .

The mix depends on what weaknesses you identified in the preliminary assessment and the circumstances specific to your engagement , such as risk level and corroborating evidence , as well as other factors .
the mix depends on what weaknesses you [recognized] in the preliminary assessment and the circumstances specific to your engagement , such as risk level and corroborating evidence , as well as other factors .

In addition , nominating committees need to ensure that they identify the right mix of talent to do the job and make it clear to candidates what is expected of them as a board member rather than merely approving candidates identified by management .
in addition , nominating committees need to ensure that they identify the right mix of talent to do the job and make it clear to candidates what is expected of them as a board member rather than merely approving candidates [recognized] by management .

Participants also believed that a challenge facing the new PCAOB will be dealing with the complex relationship between federal and state governments involved in regulating the accounting profession.11 Participants identified the need for better communication and sharing of information between federal entities such as the SEC and the new PCAOB and the state licensing and regulating entities .
participants also believed that a challenge facing the new pcaob will be dealing with the complex relationship between federal and state governments involved in regulating the accounting profession.11 participants [recognized] the need for better communication and sharing of information between federal entities such as the sec and the new pcaob and the state licensing and regulating entities .

The EPA avers that it has not identified any sources of federal financial assistance to defray the state , local , or tribal expenditures under the rule or other federal resources available to carry out the intergovernmental mandate included in the rule .
the epa avers that it has not [recognized] any sources of federal financial assistance to defray the state , local , or tribal expenditures under the rule or other federal resources available to carry out the intergovernmental mandate included in the rule .

To date , JFMIP has issued ( 1 ) the FrameworkforFederalFinancial ManagementSystems ( not shown in Figure 1 ) and ( 2 ) systems requirements for the core financial system and 7 of the 16 other systems identified in the architecture .
to date , jfmip has issued ( 1 ) the frameworkforfederalfinancial managementsystems ( not shown in figure 1 ) and ( 2 ) systems requirements for the core financial system and 7 of the 16 other systems [recognized] in the architecture .

If the mandate does not specify a committee , GAO will work with the committees of jurisdiction ( majority and minority ) as set forth in Senate and House rules and any other committees and/or Members identified by the committees of jurisdiction .
if the mandate does not specify a committee , gao will work with the committees of jurisdiction ( majority and minority ) as set forth in senate and house rules and any other committees and/or members [recognized] by the committees of jurisdiction .

The F/A-18-E/F program eliminated over 40 percent of the parts used to build predecessor aircraft to make the design more robust for manufacturing and identified critical manufacturing processes , bringing them under control before the start of production .
the f/a-18-e/f program eliminated over 40 percent of the parts used to build predecessor aircraft to make the design more robust for manufacturing and [recognized] critical manufacturing processes , bringing them under control before the start of production .

Specifically , we identified best practices that have led to more successful product development and production outcomes , compared the best practices to those used in DOD programs , and analyzed current weapon system acquisition guidance for applicability of best practices .
specifically , we [recognized] best practices that have led to more successful product development and production outcomes , compared the best practices to those used in dod programs , and analyzed current weapon system acquisition guidance for applicability of best practices .

On the basis of our literature searches and discussions with experts , we identified a number of commercial companies as having innovative development processes and practices that resulted in successful product development .
on the basis of our literature searches and discussions with experts , we [recognized] a number of commercial companies as having innovative development processes and practices that resulted in successful product development .

We also discussed the use and potential application of best practices that we identified .
we also discussed the use and potential application of best practices that we [recognized] .

Once critical processes are identified , companies perform capability studies to ensure that a process will produce parts that meet specifications .
once critical processes are [recognized] , companies perform capability studies to ensure that a process will produce parts that meet specifications .

Through analysis potential failure modes are identified allowing early design change to correct potential problems before fabricating hardware-a more cost-effective time to identify and fix problems .
through analysis potential failure modes are [recognized] allowing early design change to correct potential problems before fabricating hardware-a more cost-effective time to identify and fix problems .

The program also identified the critical manufacturing processes and collected statistical process control data early in product development .
the program also [recognized] the critical manufacturing processes and collected statistical process control data early in product development .

In 1998,7 we reported that the program had identified 926 critical manufacturing processes and had almost 40 percent in control 2 years before production was scheduled to begin .
in 1998,7 we reported that the program had [recognized] 926 critical manufacturing processes and had almost 40 percent in control 2 years before production was scheduled to begin .

To date , the program has identified about 260 different types of failures , such as main landing gear tires wearing out more quickly than planned , fasteners being damaged , and canopy delaminating .
to date , the program has [recognized] about 260 different types of failures , such as main landing gear tires wearing out more quickly than planned , fasteners being damaged , and canopy delaminating .

It has identified fixes for less than 50 percent of these failures .
it has [recognized] fixes for less than 50 percent of these failures .

The contractor does not use statistical process control and has not identified critical manufacturing processes .
the contractor does not use statistical process control and has not [recognized] critical manufacturing processes .

A production readiness review identified the lack of statistical process control as a major weakness that needs to be corrected .
a production readiness review [recognized] the lack of statistical process control as a major weakness that needs to be corrected .

We found that leading commercial companies over the years had found ways to overcome these problems and had identified best practices that resulted in the early capture of and use of design and manufacturing knowledge .
we found that leading commercial companies over the years had found ways to overcome these problems and had [recognized] best practices that resulted in the early capture of and use of design and manufacturing knowledge .

Recapturing Excess HUD Funding : GAO identified funding from several sources in the Department of Housing and Urban Development 's budget , including unexpended balances no longer needed , that could be recaptured in fiscal years 1998 and 1999 .
recapturing excess hud funding : gao [recognized] funding from several sources in the department of housing and urban development 's budget , including unexpended balances no longer needed , that could be recaptured in fiscal years 1998 and 1999 .

The additional funds requested also would be used to continue initiatives begun in fiscal year 2000 that are critical to supporting the Congress and the goals and objectives identified in our strategic plan .
the additional funds requested also would be used to continue initiatives begun in fiscal year 2000 that are critical to supporting the congress and the goals and objectives [recognized] in our strategic plan .

Requirements in GAGAS are identified by statements that include the word `` should . ''
requirements in gagas are [recognized] by statements that include the word `` should . ''

Situations where the audit of financial statements mandate applies to entities not specifically identified , such as audits required by the Single Audit Act Amendments of 1996 , are excluded .
situations where the audit of financial statements mandate applies to entities not specifically [recognized] , such as audits required by the single audit act amendments of 1996 , are excluded .

CONSIDERING THE RESULTS OF PREVIOUS AUDITS 4.14 An additional standard for financial audits performed in accordance with GAGAS is : Auditors should consider the results of previous audits and follow up on known significant findings and recommendations , including those related to reportable conditions , identified in previous audits reports that relate to the objectives of the audit being undertaken .
considering the results of previous audits 4.14 an additional standard for financial audits performed in accordance with gagas is : auditors should consider the results of previous audits and follow up on known significant findings and recommendations , including those related to reportable conditions , [recognized] in previous audits reports that relate to the objectives of the audit being undertaken .

In addition to following up on significant reported findings and recommendations7 from previous financial audits , auditors should consider significant findings identified in attestation engagements , performance audits , or other studies if these findings could materially affect the results of the financial audit .
in addition to following up on significant reported findings and recommendations7 from previous financial audits , auditors should consider significant findings [recognized] in attestation engagements , performance audits , or other studies if these findings could materially affect the results of the financial audit .

To give the reader a basis for judging the prevalence and consequences of these findings , the instances identified should be related to the population or the number of cases examined and be quantified in terms of dollar value , if appropriate .
to give the reader a basis for judging the prevalence and consequences of these findings , the instances [recognized] should be related to the population or the number of cases examined and be quantified in terms of dollar value , if appropriate .

GAO-02-340G Government Auditing Standards Exposure Draft recommendations identified in previous audits , attestation engagements , or studies can help auditors evaluate the subject matter or the assertion associated with the attestation engagement .
gao-02-340g government auditing standards exposure draft recommendations [recognized] in previous audits , attestation engagements , or studies can help auditors evaluate the subject matter or the assertion associated with the attestation engagement .

To give the reader a basis for judging the prevalence and consequences of these findings , the instances identified should be related to the population or the number of cases examined and be quantified in terms of dollar GAO-02-340G Government Auditing Standards Exposure Draft value , if appropriate .
to give the reader a basis for judging the prevalence and consequences of these findings , the instances [recognized] should be related to the population or the number of cases examined and be quantified in terms of dollar gao-02-340g government auditing standards exposure draft value , if appropriate .

Many government entities have these activities identified by other names , such as inspection , appraisal , investigation , organization and methods , or management analysis .
many government entities have these activities [recognized] by other names , such as inspection , appraisal , investigation , organization and methods , or management analysis .

Auditors should also be alert to the status of relevant findings and recommendations identified in other available audits and studies by other organizations as well .
auditors should also be alert to the status of relevant findings and recommendations [recognized] in other available audits and studies by other organizations as well .

If other auditors have identified areas that warrant further study , their work may influence the auditors ' selection of objectives .
if other auditors have [recognized] areas that warrant further study , their work may influence the auditors ' selection of objectives .

When the auditors ' objectives include identifying the actual or potential consequences of a condition that varies ( either positively or negatively ) from the criteria identified in the audit , `` effect '' is a measure of those consequences .
when the auditors ' objectives include identifying the actual or potential consequences of a condition that varies ( either positively or negatively ) from the criteria [recognized] in the audit , `` effect '' is a measure of those consequences .

Auditors often use effect in this sense to demonstrate the need for corrective action in response to identified problems .
auditors often use effect in this sense to demonstrate the need for corrective action in response to [recognized] problems .

Here , effect is the extent to which positive or negative changes in actual physical , social , or economic conditions can be identified and attributed to program operations .
here , effect is the extent to which positive or negative changes in actual physical , social , or economic conditions can be [recognized] and attributed to program operations .

When the auditors ' objectives include explaining why a particular type of positive or negative performance identified in the audit occurred , the reasons for that performance are referred to as `` cause . ''
when the auditors ' objectives include explaining why a particular type of positive or negative performance [recognized] in the audit occurred , the reasons for that performance are referred to as `` cause . ''

Because problems can result from a number of plausible factors or multiple causes , the recommendation can be more persuasive if auditors can clearly demonstrate and explain with evidence and reasoning the link between the problems and the factor or factors they identified as the underlying cause .
because problems can result from a number of plausible factors or multiple causes , the recommendation can be more persuasive if auditors can clearly demonstrate and explain with evidence and reasoning the link between the problems and the factor or factors they [recognized] as the underlying cause .

The criteria are easier to understand when stated fairly , explicitly , and completely , and the source of the criteria are identified in the audit report .
the criteria are easier to understand when stated fairly , explicitly , and completely , and the source of the criteria are [recognized] in the audit report .

The auditors also may consider whether the identified cause serves as a basis for the recommendations .
the auditors also may consider whether the [recognized] cause serves as a basis for the recommendations .

For recommendations to be most constructive , they should be directed at resolving the cause of identified problems , action oriented and specific , addressed to parties that have the authority to act , practical , and , to the extent feasible , cost effective and measurable .
for recommendations to be most constructive , they should be directed at resolving the cause of [recognized] problems , action oriented and specific , addressed to parties that have the authority to act , practical , and , to the extent feasible , cost effective and measurable .

The remainder of the guide describes 16 practices , organized under five management principles , that GAO identified during a study of nonfederal organizations with reputations for having good information security programs .
the remainder of the guide describes 16 practices , organized under five management principles , that gao [recognized] during a study of nonfederal organizations with reputations for having good information security programs .

Initiatives that we suggested for the CIO Council to consider incorporating in its strategic plan included developing information on the existing security risks associated with nonclassified systems currently in use , developing information on the risks associated with evolving practices , such as Internet use , identifying best practices regarding information security programs so that they can be adopted by federal agencies , establishing a program for reviewing the adequacy of individual agency information security programs using interagency teams of reviewers , ensuring adequate review coverage of agency information security practices by considering the scope of various types of audits and reviews performed and acting to address any identified gaps in coverage , developing or identifying training and certification programs that could be shared among agencies , and identifying proven security tools and techniques .
initiatives that we suggested for the cio council to consider incorporating in its strategic plan included developing information on the existing security risks associated with nonclassified systems currently in use , developing information on the risks associated with evolving practices , such as internet use , identifying best practices regarding information security programs so that they can be adopted by federal agencies , establishing a program for reviewing the adequacy of individual agency information security programs using interagency teams of reviewers , ensuring adequate review coverage of agency information security practices by considering the scope of various types of audits and reviews performed and acting to address any [recognized] gaps in coverage , developing or identifying training and certification programs that could be shared among agencies , and identifying proven security tools and techniques .

Exploring Practices of Leading Organizations To supplement our ongoing audit work at federal agencies and gain a broader understanding of how information security programs can be successfully implemented , we studied the management practices of eight nonfederal Appendix II lists the principles identified in NIST 's Generally Accepted Principles and Practices for Securing Information Technology Systems , September 1996 .
exploring practices of leading organizations to supplement our ongoing audit work at federal agencies and gain a broader understanding of how information security programs can be successfully implemented , we studied the management practices of eight nonfederal appendix ii lists the principles [recognized] in nist 's generally accepted principles and practices for securing information technology systems , september 1996 .

We focused primarily on the management framework that these organizations had established rather than on the specific controls that they had chosen , because previous audit work had identified security management as an underlying problem at federal agencies .
we focused primarily on the management framework that these organizations had established rather than on the specific controls that they had chosen , because previous audit work had [recognized] security management as an underlying problem at federal agencies .

Security was not viewed as an end in itself , but as a set of policies and related controls designed to support business operations , much like other types of internal controls.4 Controls were identified and implemented to address specific business risks .
security was not viewed as an end in itself , but as a set of policies and related controls designed to support business operations , much like other types of internal controls.4 controls were [recognized] and implemented to address specific business risks .

In addition , they emphasized the importance of adjusting policies continually to respond to newly identified risks or areas of misunderstanding .
in addition , they emphasized the importance of adjusting policies continually to respond to newly [recognized] risks or areas of misunderstanding .

For example , At the financial services corporation , the central security group routinely analyzed the causes of security weaknesses identified by management and by auditors in order to identify policy and related control deficiencies .
for example , at the financial services corporation , the central security group routinely analyzed the causes of security weaknesses [recognized] by management and by auditors in order to identify policy and related control deficiencies .

Although we identified no organizations that had made significant progress in applying such measures , we found that more precisely measuring the positive and negative effects of security on business operations is an area of developing interest among many information security experts .
although we [recognized] no organizations that had made significant progress in applying such measures , we found that more precisely measuring the positive and negative effects of security on business operations is an area of developing interest among many information security experts .

Similarly , security specialists at the manufacturing company recently visited one of the company 's overseas units to assist in resolving security weaknesses identified by internal auditors .
similarly , security specialists at the manufacturing company recently visited one of the company 's overseas units to assist in resolving security weaknesses [recognized] by internal auditors .

EPA has identified two types of small entities which could potentially be impacted by the rule : ( 1 ) small businesses involved in locomotive aftermarket parts production and locomotive remanufacturing and ( 2 ) small railroads .
epa has [recognized] two types of small entities which could potentially be impacted by the rule : ( 1 ) small businesses involved in locomotive aftermarket parts production and locomotive remanufacturing and ( 2 ) small railroads .

FSIS has submitted these changes in the information collection requirements to OMB for its approval and certified to OMB that the information collection complied with each of the objectives identified in 44 U.S.C .
fsis has submitted these changes in the information collection requirements to omb for its approval and certified to omb that the information collection complied with each of the objectives [recognized] in 44 u.s.c .

The information security management practices identified in GAO 's executive guides have been incorporated into policy guidance at many federal agencies .
the information security management practices [recognized] in gao 's executive guides have been incorporated into policy guidance at many federal agencies .

The due diligence that GAO has expended to develop its strategic plan in concert with the Congress has identified a number of complex issues that are not easily solved .
the due diligence that gao has expended to develop its strategic plan in concert with the congress has [recognized] a number of complex issues that are not easily solved .

All of the organizations identified trust as the essential underlying element to successful relationships and said that trust could be built only over time and , primarily , through personal relationships .
all of the organizations [recognized] trust as the essential underlying element to successful relationships and said that trust could be built only over time and , primarily , through personal relationships .

Among the challenges identified , one of the most difficult was overcoming new members ' initial reluctance to share information .
among the challenges [recognized] , one of the most difficult was overcoming new members ' initial reluctance to share information .

The Congress is currently considering measures intended to address several of the practices and challenges we identified pertaining to critical infrastructure protection .
the congress is currently considering measures intended to address several of the practices and challenges we [recognized] pertaining to critical infrastructure protection .

In commenting on a draft of this report , the participants of our study agreed with the critical success factors and challenges that we identified .
in commenting on a draft of this report , the participants of our study agreed with the critical success factors and challenges that we [recognized] .

The eight infrastructures identified were ( 1 ) information and communications ; ( 2 ) banking and finance ; ( 3 ) water supply ; ( 4 ) aviation , highway , mass transit , pipelines , rail , and waterborne commerce ; ( 5 ) emergency law enforcement ; ( 6 ) emergency fire services and continuity of government ; ( 7 ) electric power and oil and gas production and storage ; and ( 8 ) public health services .
the eight infrastructures [recognized] were ( 1 ) information and communications ; ( 2 ) banking and finance ; ( 3 ) water supply ; ( 4 ) aviation , highway , mass transit , pipelines , rail , and waterborne commerce ; ( 5 ) emergency law enforcement ; ( 6 ) emergency fire services and continuity of government ; ( 7 ) electric power and oil and gas production and storage ; and ( 8 ) public health services .

Factors Critical to Successful Information Sharing The organizations identified several critical success factors that they viewed as essential to establishing , developing , and maintaining effective information-sharing relationships , which could benefit critical infrastructure protection efforts .
factors critical to successful information sharing the organizations [recognized] several critical success factors that they viewed as essential to establishing , developing , and maintaining effective information-sharing relationships , which could benefit critical infrastructure protection efforts .

In addition to the critical success factors previously discussed , organizations identified a number of related challenges to effective information sharing .
in addition to the critical success factors previously discussed , organizations [recognized] a number of related challenges to effective information sharing .

Officials from this organization described a situation in which a company had notified them of a newly identified vulnerability .
officials from this organization described a situation in which a company had notified them of a newly [recognized] vulnerability .

The Congress is currently considering measures intended to address several of the practices and challenges we identified .
the congress is currently considering measures intended to address several of the practices and challenges we [recognized] .

Participants Comments agreed with the critical success factors and challenges that we identified .
participants comments agreed with the critical success factors and challenges that we [recognized] .

We identified these organizations by soliciting suggestions from a variety of sources , including our analysts familiar with information-sharing organizations and members of our Executive Council on Information Management and Technology , which is a group of executives with extensive experience in information technology management who advise us on major information management issues affecting federal agencies .
we [recognized] these organizations by soliciting suggestions from a variety of sources , including our analysts familiar with information-sharing organizations and members of our executive council on information management and technology , which is a group of executives with extensive experience in information technology management who advise us on major information management issues affecting federal agencies .

The center attempts to be an unbiased and trusted source of information , in part by providing trend and composite information only , by deleting information that would allow victims to be identified , and by coordinating the response information it provides with academic , government , and corporate experts .
the center attempts to be an unbiased and trusted source of information , in part by providing trend and composite information only , by deleting information that would allow victims to be [recognized] , and by coordinating the response information it provides with academic , government , and corporate experts .

Although the `` Regulations and Proposed Rules '' link also permitted the user to identify `` Environmental Documents '' in the Federal Register , the search tools identified any document related to a date or keyword , not just proposed rules .
although the `` regulations and proposed rules '' link also permitted the user to identify `` environmental documents '' in the federal register , the search tools [recognized] any document related to a date or keyword , not just proposed rules .

As will be discussed in more detail later , the USDA home page identified a separate web site for the department 's Agricultural and Marketing Service 's ( AMS ) proposed rule establishing standards for organically produced food .
as will be discussed in more detail later , the usda home page [recognized] a separate web site for the department 's agricultural and marketing service 's ( ams ) proposed rule establishing standards for organically produced food .

One such related link , entitled `` Electronic Rulemaking , '' identified several electronic rulemaking initiatives across the federal government ( e.g. , the DOT docket management system discussed later ) , and provided links to these initiatives .
one such related link , entitled `` electronic rulemaking , '' [recognized] several electronic rulemaking initiatives across the federal government ( e.g. , the dot docket management system discussed later ) , and provided links to these initiatives .

In one of these approaches , users were asked to answer specific questions identified as areas where APHIS most needed comments , the answers to the questions were entered into a database with a web interface , and commenters were allowed to review all the electronic comments posted and to post other comments to the site .
in one of these approaches , users were asked to answer specific questions [recognized] as areas where aphis most needed comments , the answers to the questions were entered into a database with a web interface , and commenters were allowed to review all the electronic comments posted and to post other comments to the site .

According to AMS , form letter comments are separately identified because they share the same themes and are received by the Department in large volumes .
according to ams , form letter comments are separately [recognized] because they share the same themes and are received by the department in large volumes .

Passive systems include both governmentwide web sites that allow users to find out about proposed rules in any agency ( e.g. , GPO Access ) and web sites for particular agencies or offices that have identified rules available for comment ( e.g. , USDA/APHIS , HHS/ACF , or EPA 's Office of Air and Radiation ) .
passive systems include both governmentwide web sites that allow users to find out about proposed rules in any agency ( e.g. , gpo access ) and web sites for particular agencies or offices that have [recognized] rules available for comment ( e.g. , usda/aphis , hhs/acf , or epa 's office of air and radiation ) .

However , none of the five departments and agencies that we contacted had links on their home pages that identified all rules available for comment within their entire organizations .
however , none of the five departments and agencies that we contacted had links on their home pages that [recognized] all rules available for comment within their entire organizations .

We have identified and made use of a variety of tools and flexibilities , some of which were made available to us through the GAO Personnel Act of 1980 and our 2000 legislation , but most of which are available to federal agencies .
we have [recognized] and made use of a variety of tools and flexibilities , some of which were made available to us through the gao personnel act of 1980 and our 2000 legislation , but most of which are available to federal agencies .

Once risks have been identified , they should be analyzed for their possible effect .
once risks have been [recognized] , they should be analyzed for their possible effect .

As more powerful computers place more responsibility for data processing in the hands of the end users , the needed controls should be identified and implemented .
as more powerful computers place more responsibility for data processing in the hands of the end users , the needed controls should be [recognized] and implemented .

Pertinent information should be identified , captured , and distributed in a form and time frame that permits people to perform their duties efficiently .
pertinent information should be [recognized] , captured , and distributed in a form and time frame that permits people to perform their duties efficiently .

The resolution process begins when audit or other review results are reported to management , and is completed only after action has been taken that ( 1 ) corrects identified deficiencies , ( 2 ) produces improvements , or ( 3 ) demonstrates the findings and recommendationsdo not warrant management action .
the resolution process begins when audit or other review results are reported to management , and is completed only after action has been taken that ( 1 ) corrects [recognized] deficiencies , ( 2 ) produces improvements , or ( 3 ) demonstrates the findings and recommendationsdo not warrant management action .

Nor was a common start or end point identified for design review .
nor was a common start or end point [recognized] for design review .

Nor was a common start or end point identified for design review as an element of the facility acquisition process .
nor was a common start or end point [recognized] for design review as an element of the facility acquisition process .

The construction phase is considered complete when the owner accepts occupancy of the facility , although final completion of construction may continue for months ( or even years ) until all discrepancies have been identified , resolved , and mutually agreed upon .
the construction phase is considered complete when the owner accepts occupancy of the facility , although final completion of construction may continue for months ( or even years ) until all discrepancies have been [recognized] , resolved , and mutually agreed upon .

Many owners originally identified the project definition activity as a core competency.3 However , IPA 's data indicate that project definition , too , is increasingly being outsourced .
many owners originally [recognized] the project definition activity as a core competency.3 however , ipa 's data indicate that project definition , too , is increasingly being outsourced .

Functions identified as adding the least value were the discipline reviews-architectural , electrical , mechanical , and structural ( although the responses did not support the idea that these functions could be dropped from the review process without risk . )
functions [recognized] as adding the least value were the discipline reviews-architectural , electrical , mechanical , and structural ( although the responses did not support the idea that these functions could be dropped from the review process without risk . )

Problems identified in the design review process can become a powerful tool to improve performance .
problems [recognized] in the design review process can become a powerful tool to improve performance .

The General Accounting Office ( GAO ) and offices of inspectors general have consistently identified problems with information technology acquisitions .
the general accounting office ( gao ) and offices of inspectors general have consistently [recognized] problems with information technology acquisitions .

Problems identified in numerous evaluations include information systems that do not meet users ' needs , exceed cost estimates , or take significantly longer than expected to complete .
problems [recognized] in numerous evaluations include information systems that do not meet users ' needs , exceed cost estimates , or take significantly longer than expected to complete .

Such assessments may have their greatest impact if carried out early , when an agency can more easily alter its acquisition plans and strategy to manage and control the identified risks .
such assessments may have their greatest impact if carried out early , when an agency can more easily alter its acquisition plans and strategy to manage and control the [recognized] risks .

For example , the guide assists auditors in determining how an agency identified and defined its requirements .
for example , the guide assists auditors in determining how an agency [recognized] and defined its requirements .

These areas are identified within the guide .
these areas are [recognized] within the guide .

The recommendations should be reviewed with agency officials and be appropriate to the probability and significance of the risks identified .
the recommendations should be reviewed with agency officials and be appropriate to the probability and significance of the risks [recognized] .

To ensure that the agency defines its requirements , based on the needs identified earlier and validated by functional users , well enough to support the acquisition of hardware , software , telecommunications , and system development services .
to ensure that the agency defines its requirements , based on the needs [recognized] earlier and validated by functional users , well enough to support the acquisition of hardware , software , telecommunications , and system development services .

The users , functions , work load , operating costs , and components of the current system should also be identified .
the users , functions , work load , operating costs , and components of the current system should also be [recognized] .

Determine whether or not the risk analysis conforms with the standards identified in FIPS Publications 65 and 73 and OMB Circular A-130 .
determine whether or not the risk analysis conforms with the standards [recognized] in fips publications 65 and 73 and omb circular a-130 .

Review configuration management activities to verify that changes to requirements are recorded and controlled and that impacts of changes to contract requirements are identified .
review configuration management activities to verify that changes to requirements are recorded and controlled and that impacts of changes to contract requirements are [recognized] .

Contracts should specify how problems are to be identified and reported .
contracts should specify how problems are to be [recognized] and reported .

Both the agency 's classification review and comments on the product must be completed within the time frame identified in GAO 's letter transmitting the draft product .
both the agency 's classification review and comments on the product must be completed within the time frame [recognized] in gao 's letter transmitting the draft product .

Specific recommendations can be identified because the database is searchable by agency , congressional committee , and key words .
specific recommendations can be [recognized] because the database is searchable by agency , congressional committee , and key words .

In the event there is a certification , generally accepted government auditing standards require that the limitations to GAO 's access to records be identified in the product and that the audit findings be adjusted accordingly .
in the event there is a certification , generally accepted government auditing standards require that the limitations to gao 's access to records be [recognized] in the product and that the audit findings be adjusted accordingly .

He cited many of the same practical difficulties with implementing the current federal policy that we and other agencies identified , including the reluctance of both the airlines and employees to provide frequent flyer data to the government and the problems with tracking and using miles for official travel .
he cited many of the same practical difficulties with implementing the current federal policy that we and other agencies [recognized] , including the reluctance of both the airlines and employees to provide frequent flyer data to the government and the problems with tracking and using miles for official travel .

He also identified another difficulty -- the time and expense associated with taking disciplinary action against employees who violate the current policy by making personal use of miles received on official travel .
he also [recognized] another difficulty -- the time and expense associated with taking disciplinary action against employees who violate the current policy by making personal use of miles received on official travel .

The righthand booster rocket was identified as the source of the explosion and , within the rocket , technological attention focused on the O-rings .
the righthand booster rocket was [recognized] as the source of the explosion and , within the rocket , technological attention focused on the o-rings .

Combining site visits to Brazil , Japan , West Germany , and France , interviews with many officials of appropriate agencies and from the private sector , examination of official government files , and a questionnaire survey of high technology firms active in the Brazilian market , the evaluators amassed a rich array of contextual and focal information and identified four trade practices considered to be key factors in export competitiveness in Brazilian markets .
combining site visits to brazil , japan , west germany , and france , interviews with many officials of appropriate agencies and from the private sector , examination of official government files , and a questionnaire survey of high technology firms active in the brazilian market , the evaluators amassed a rich array of contextual and focal information and [recognized] four trade practices considered to be key factors in export competitiveness in brazilian markets .

The evaluators identified the key elements of the programs as implemented and what measurable changes were likely to occur and developed measures of the outcomes , as well as designs for testing cause and effect in the subsequent larger study ( Chelimsky and Sasfy , 1976 ) .
the evaluators [recognized] the key elements of the programs as implemented and what measurable changes were likely to occur and developed measures of the outcomes , as well as designs for testing cause and effect in the subsequent larger study ( chelimsky and sasfy , 1976 ) .

Page 64 GAO/PEMD-91-10.1.9 Case Study Evaluations To get more authentic information , evaluators have sometimes become participants in situations , not identified to the other persons involved as GAO staff .
page 64 gao/pemd-91-10.1.9 case study evaluations to get more authentic information , evaluators have sometimes become participants in situations , not [recognized] to the other persons involved as gao staff .

They also are identified with designs that are nonexperimental in the sense that the investigator is not deliberately manipulating some variable to see its possible effects on the system being studied .
they also are [recognized] with designs that are nonexperimental in the sense that the investigator is not deliberately manipulating some variable to see its possible effects on the system being studied .

In quantitative methods , the regularities are identified by manipulating numbers to produce indicators agreed on as sensible descriptions of the patterns .
in quantitative methods , the regularities are [recognized] by manipulating numbers to produce indicators agreed on as sensible descriptions of the patterns .

A third was the problem of site variation , which in the mid-1970 's was identified in quantitative studies as an ill-understood source of greater differences in a program 's outcomes than the program itself .
a third was the problem of site variation , which in the mid-1970 's was [recognized] in quantitative studies as an ill-understood source of greater differences in a program 's outcomes than the program itself .

Are methodological strengths and limitations Reporting identified clearly ?
are methodological strengths and limitations reporting [recognized] clearly ?

Glossary Backfill Techniques Techniques used in cumulative case studies to collect information needed if the study is to be usable for aggregation ; these techniques include , for example , obtaining missing information from the authors on how instances studied were identified and on the bases for instance selection .
glossary backfill techniques techniques used in cumulative case studies to collect information needed if the study is to be usable for aggregation ; these techniques include , for example , obtaining missing information from the authors on how instances studied were [recognized] and on the bases for instance selection .

Similarly , the General Services Administration 's ( GSA ) fiscal year 2000 annual performance plan does not address several long-standing problems identified by the GSA Inspector General .
similarly , the general services administration 's ( gsa ) fiscal year 2000 annual performance plan does not address several long-standing problems [recognized] by the gsa inspector general .

Page 11 GAO/T-GGD-00-26 identified the management of student financial aid programs , with more than $ 150 billion in outstanding student loans , as being at high-risk to waste , fraud , abuse , and mismanagement .
page 11 gao/t-ggd-00-26 [recognized] the management of student financial aid programs , with more than $ 150 billion in outstanding student loans , as being at high-risk to waste , fraud , abuse , and mismanagement .

The organization identified the joint project as a good opportunity to save on costs , share information , and reduce redundancy and errors by making it possible to enter new offender information only once as subjects proceed through the criminal justice process .
the organization [recognized] the joint project as a good opportunity to save on costs , share information , and reduce redundancy and errors by making it possible to enter new offender information only once as subjects proceed through the criminal justice process .

We identified additional strategies that leading organizations use to enhance their information management workforces .
we [recognized] additional strategies that leading organizations use to enhance their information management workforces .

Leading organizations have identified the following strategies that help in assessing their IT skills and recruiting , retaining , and utilizing talent to meet their business needs .
leading organizations have [recognized] the following strategies that help in assessing their it skills and recruiting , retaining , and utilizing talent to meet their business needs .

Privacy Act of 1974 ( Public Law 93-579 ) ¬ The Privacy Act protects the privacy of individuals identified in information systems maintained by federal agencies by regulating the collection , maintenance , use , and dissemination of information by such agencies .
privacy act of 1974 ( public law 93-579 ) ¬ the privacy act protects the privacy of individuals [recognized] in information systems maintained by federal agencies by regulating the collection , maintenance , use , and dissemination of information by such agencies .

We identified candidate organizations for our study based on awards and recognition from professional organizations and publications over the past several years .
we [recognized] candidate organizations for our study based on awards and recognition from professional organizations and publications over the past several years .

During the visits , we interviewed the CIO , members of the senior executive team , IT managers , and other officials as identified by the host organization , to obtain their individual perspectives on information and technology management issues .
during the visits , we interviewed the cio , members of the senior executive team , it managers , and other officials as [recognized] by the host organization , to obtain their individual perspectives on information and technology management issues .

Further , we met with a panel of CIOs from five small federal agencies to determine whether the practices identified are also applicable across diverse organizational sizes ( based on dimensions such as budget , personnel , etc . ) .
further , we met with a panel of cios from five small federal agencies to determine whether the practices [recognized] are also applicable across diverse organizational sizes ( based on dimensions such as budget , personnel , etc . ) .

Significant emphasis was placed on the integration of LSC-funded programs into statewide legal services delivery systems and the seven central tenets of state planning were identified .
significant emphasis was placed on the integration of lsc-funded programs into statewide legal services delivery systems and the seven central tenets of state planning were [recognized] .

Transformation : An Overarching Achievement Identified It was obvious from the remarks made by a number of recently merged states that some kind of critical phase had been passed .
transformation : an overarching achievement [recognized] it was obvious from the remarks made by a number of recently merged states that some kind of critical phase had been passed .

CRITICAL ISSUES After identifying the benefits and challenges of focusing on diversity and developing strategies to maximize the benefits and overcome the challenges , participants identified internal and external issues that they wanted to spend more time discussing .
critical issues after identifying the benefits and challenges of focusing on diversity and developing strategies to maximize the benefits and overcome the challenges , participants [recognized] internal and external issues that they wanted to spend more time discussing .

Significant emphasis was placed on the integration of LSC-funded programs into statewide legal services delivery systems and the seven central tenets of state planning were identified .
significant emphasis was placed on the integration of lsc-funded programs into statewide legal services delivery systems and the seven central tenets of state planning were [recognized] .

The Federal Register notice identified a number of possible interpretations of the presence requirement : ( 1 ) an alien must be physically present in the United States when the cause of action for which the recipient provides legal assistance arises ; ( 2 ) an alien must be physically present when legal representation is commenced ; and ( 3 ) an alien must be physically present in the United States any time the alien is provided legal assistance from an LSC grantee.5 This Report of the Commission identifies the current interpretation used by LSC grantees and the impact of alternative interpretations on all categories of eligible aliens .
the federal register notice [recognized] a number of possible interpretations of the presence requirement : ( 1 ) an alien must be physically present in the united states when the cause of action for which the recipient provides legal assistance arises ; ( 2 ) an alien must be physically present when legal representation is commenced ; and ( 3 ) an alien must be physically present in the united states any time the alien is provided legal assistance from an lsc grantee.5 this report of the commission identifies the current interpretation used by lsc grantees and the impact of alternative interpretations on all categories of eligible aliens .

FACTUAL FINDINGS The Commission has compiled factual findings that address the questions identified in the Federal Register notice described above .
factual findings the commission has compiled factual findings that address the questions [recognized] in the federal register notice described above .

Testimony identified particular issues regarding agricultural workers who are permanent resident aliens and thus eligible for general representation .
testimony [recognized] particular issues regarding agricultural workers who are permanent resident aliens and thus eligible for general representation .

Strategic Directions 2000-2005 also identified anticipated outcomes , including : increased numbers of clients receiving legal services appropriate to the legal issues they encounter ; expanded relevancy of the delivery system to the most pressing needs of low-income clients , with clients themselves taking a leading role in this effort ; an expanded range and improvement in the quality of services provided by legal services programs ; and finally , greater consistency in the quality of legal services programs .
strategic directions 2000-2005 also [recognized] anticipated outcomes , including : increased numbers of clients receiving legal services appropriate to the legal issues they encounter ; expanded relevancy of the delivery system to the most pressing needs of low-income clients , with clients themselves taking a leading role in this effort ; an expanded range and improvement in the quality of services provided by legal services programs ; and finally , greater consistency in the quality of legal services programs .

State planning is identified in this Board document as LSC 's key strategy to achieve the goals stated above .
state planning is [recognized] in this board document as lsc 's key strategy to achieve the goals stated above .

Because state planning was identified as the Board 's prime strategy for fulfilling the mandate of Strategic Directions 2000-2005 , a brief review of LSC 's state planning initiative is probably in order .
because state planning was [recognized] as the board 's prime strategy for fulfilling the mandate of strategic directions 2000-2005 , a brief review of lsc 's state planning initiative is probably in order .

The problems identified stem , in part , from a lack of clarity in some of LSC 's past case reporting guidelines and , more generally , from insufficient attention by grantees to the existing reporting and documentation requirements .
the problems [recognized] stem , in part , from a lack of clarity in some of lsc 's past case reporting guidelines and , more generally , from insufficient attention by grantees to the existing reporting and documentation requirements .

In no instance has LSC , its Inspector General , or the General Accounting Office identified any fraud or intentional misrepresentation by any of the grantees in their compilation and reporting of this data .
in no instance has lsc , its inspector general , or the general accounting office [recognized] any fraud or intentional misrepresentation by any of the grantees in their compilation and reporting of this data .

These audits examined the accuracy of case statistical reports submitted by six grantees , and the causes of identified deficiencies , rather than validating or testing the accuracy of national or system-wide data .
these audits examined the accuracy of case statistical reports submitted by six grantees , and the causes of [recognized] deficiencies , rather than validating or testing the accuracy of national or system-wide data .

The Access to Justice Commission was created in 1996 as a coordinating body to seek support for legal services programs and develop strategies to address the severe lack of access to justice that had been identified earlier by a State Bar-sponsored blue ribbon study group .
the access to justice commission was created in 1996 as a coordinating body to seek support for legal services programs and develop strategies to address the severe lack of access to justice that had been [recognized] earlier by a state bar-sponsored blue ribbon study group .

Its elements were identified as :
its elements were [recognized] as :

Charged with exploring problems and opportunities in the areas identified in the project director retreat and the advocacy survey , these committees focus on Resource Development , Vision , Technology , Legislative/Administrative Advocacy , Client Access , Collaboration , and Training and Technical Assistance .
charged with exploring problems and opportunities in the areas [recognized] in the project director retreat and the advocacy survey , these committees focus on resource development , vision , technology , legislative/administrative advocacy , client access , collaboration , and training and technical assistance .

LSC requested that the planners seriously consider the advantages of having one LSC-funded program anchor each of the six regions identified in the plan .
lsc requested that the planners seriously consider the advantages of having one lsc-funded program anchor each of the six regions [recognized] in the plan .

While Illinois initially had five federally funded legal services programs , planners identified another twenty-two programs that were providing legal services to the economically disadvantaged .
while illinois initially had five federally funded legal services programs , planners [recognized] another twenty-two programs that were providing legal services to the economically disadvantaged .

The planners were told that their plan was `` non-responsive to the issues identified in LSC Program Letters 98-1 and 98-6 and in need of major work . ''
the planners were told that their plan was `` non-responsive to the issues [recognized] in lsc program letters 98-1 and 98-6 and in need of major work . ''

It also identified some lost opportunities .
it also [recognized] some lost opportunities .

The Coalition programs have identified their goal as raising the level of integration and cooperation among programs to that of a `` virtual statewide law firm . ''
the coalition programs have [recognized] their goal as raising the level of integration and cooperation among programs to that of a `` virtual statewide law firm . ''

The plan identified steps and strategies to integrate the core system with a wider network of partners involved in the delivery of civil legal services to low income persons .
the plan [recognized] steps and strategies to integrate the core system with a wider network of partners involved in the delivery of civil legal services to low income persons .

However , since LSC was working closely with Ohio in planning activities , LSC quickly determined that any plan submitted to LSC on October 1 , 1998 would not meet LSC 's planning expectations nor address the issues identified in Program Letters 98-1 and 98-6 .
however , since lsc was working closely with ohio in planning activities , lsc quickly determined that any plan submitted to lsc on october 1 , 1998 would not meet lsc 's planning expectations nor address the issues [recognized] in program letters 98-1 and 98-6 .

Planners also identified the development of an integrated and coordinated statewide intake process as an essential component of an effective delivery system for the state .
planners also [recognized] the development of an integrated and coordinated statewide intake process as an essential component of an effective delivery system for the state .

In its December 2000 report , Status and Achievements of Pennsylvania 's State Planning Effort , 1998-2000 , the Steering Committee identified some next steps :
in its december 2000 report , status and achievements of pennsylvania 's state planning effort , 1998-2000 , the steering committee [recognized] some next steps :

Test organisms should be positively identified to species .
test organisms should be positively [recognized] to species .

If more than one out of 20 reference toxicant tests fall outside the control limits , the laboratory should investigate sources of variability , take corrective actions to reduce identified sources of variability , and perform an additional reference toxicant test during the same month .
if more than one out of 20 reference toxicant tests fall outside the control limits , the laboratory should investigate sources of variability , take corrective actions to reduce [recognized] sources of variability , and perform an additional reference toxicant test during the same month .

The organisms used in toxicity tests must be identified to species .
the organisms used in toxicity tests must be [recognized] to species .

Test organisms should be positively identified to species ( see Section 6 , Test Organisms ) .
test organisms should be positively [recognized] to species ( see section 6 , test organisms ) .

If more than one out of 20 reference toxicant tests fall outside the control limits , the laboratory should investigate sources of variability , take corrective actions to reduce identified sources of variability , and perform an additional reference toxicant test during the same month .
if more than one out of 20 reference toxicant tests fall outside the control limits , the laboratory should investigate sources of variability , take corrective actions to reduce [recognized] sources of variability , and perform an additional reference toxicant test during the same month .

The organisms used in toxicity tests must be identified to species .
the organisms used in toxicity tests must be [recognized] to species .

More frequent and/or concurrent reference toxicant testing may be advantageous if recent problems ( e.g. , invalid tests , reference toxicant test results outside of control chart limits , reduced health of organism cultures , or increased within-test variability ) have been identified in testing .
more frequent and/or concurrent reference toxicant testing may be advantageous if recent problems ( e.g. , invalid tests , reference toxicant test results outside of control chart limits , reduced health of organism cultures , or increased within-test variability ) have been [recognized] in testing .

More frequent and/or concurrent reference toxicant testing may be advantageous if recent problems ( e.g. , invalid tests , reference toxicant test results outside of control chart limits , reduced health of organism cultures , or increased within-test variability ) have been identified in testing .
more frequent and/or concurrent reference toxicant testing may be advantageous if recent problems ( e.g. , invalid tests , reference toxicant test results outside of control chart limits , reduced health of organism cultures , or increased within-test variability ) have been [recognized] in testing .

The four scenarios are identified as follows :
the four scenarios are [recognized] as follows :

Test organisms should be positively identified to species ( see Section 6 , Test Organisms ) .
test organisms should be positively [recognized] to species ( see section 6 , test organisms ) .

If more than one out of 20 reference toxicant tests fall outside the control limits , the laboratory should investigate sources of variability , take corrective actions to reduce identified sources of variability , and perform an additional reference toxicant test during the same month .
if more than one out of 20 reference toxicant tests fall outside the control limits , the laboratory should investigate sources of variability , take corrective actions to reduce [recognized] sources of variability , and perform an additional reference toxicant test during the same month .

The organisms used in the toxicity tests must be identified to species .
the organisms used in the toxicity tests must be [recognized] to species .

Human Health and Environmental Effects Modeling As part of the evaluation of the effects of various scenarios concerning SO2 and NOx emissions , we have identified and , where possible , developed quantitative , monetized estimates of these health benefits .
human health and environmental effects modeling as part of the evaluation of the effects of various scenarios concerning so2 and nox emissions , we have [recognized] and , where possible , developed quantitative , monetized estimates of these health benefits .

As discussed in HEI materials provided to sponsors and to the Clean Air Scientific Advisory Committee ( Greenbaum , 2002a , 2002b ) , these investigators found problems in the default `` convergence criteria '' used in Generalized Additive Models ( GAM ) and a separate issue first identified by Canadian investigators about the potential to underestimate standard errors in the same statistical package.11 These and other investigators have begun to reanalyze the results of several important time series studies with alternative approaches that address these issues and have found a downward revision of some results .
as discussed in hei materials provided to sponsors and to the clean air scientific advisory committee ( greenbaum , 2002a , 2002b ) , these investigators found problems in the default `` convergence criteria '' used in generalized additive models ( gam ) and a separate issue first [recognized] by canadian investigators about the potential to underestimate standard errors in the same statistical package.11 these and other investigators have begun to reanalyze the results of several important time series studies with alternative approaches that address these issues and have found a downward revision of some results .

This estimate is the mean of a distribution fitted to the estimates from 26 value-of-life studies identified in the Section 812 reports as `` applicable to policy analysis . ''
this estimate is the mean of a distribution fitted to the estimates from 26 value-of-life studies [recognized] in the section 812 reports as `` applicable to policy analysis . ''

This may result from a number of factors , such as differences in the relative sensitivity of these two populations to PM pollution and differences in the composition of PM in these two locations.22 In either case , where we identified multiple studies that are appropriate for estimating a given health effect , we generated a pooled estimate of results from each of those studies .
this may result from a number of factors , such as differences in the relative sensitivity of these two populations to pm pollution and differences in the composition of pm in these two locations.22 in either case , where we [recognized] multiple studies that are appropriate for estimating a given health effect , we generated a pooled estimate of results from each of those studies .

Uncertainties Specific to Premature Mortality Valuation The economic benefits associated with premature mortality are the largest category of monetized benefits of the Clear Skies Act.26 In addition , in prior analyses EPA has identified valuation of mortality benefits as the largest contributor to the range of uncertainty in monetized 26As noted in the methods section , it is actually reductions in mortality risk that are valued in a monetized benefit analysis .
uncertainties specific to premature mortality valuation the economic benefits associated with premature mortality are the largest category of monetized benefits of the clear skies act.26 in addition , in prior analyses epa has [recognized] valuation of mortality benefits as the largest contributor to the range of uncertainty in monetized 26as noted in the methods section , it is actually reductions in mortality risk that are valued in a monetized benefit analysis .

This is different from the value of a particular , identified life saved .
this is different from the value of a particular , [recognized] life saved .

If not identified and modeled correctly , spatial correlation could cause substantial errors in both the regression coefficients and their standard errors ( HEI , 2000 ) . ''
if not [recognized] and modeled correctly , spatial correlation could cause substantial errors in both the regression coefficients and their standard errors ( hei , 2000 ) . ''

B This C-R function is included as a reasonable specification to explore the impact of adjustments for broad regional correlations , which have been identified as important factors in correctly specifying the PM mortality C-R function .
b this c-r function is included as a reasonable specification to explore the impact of adjustments for broad regional correlations , which have been [recognized] as important factors in correctly specifying the pm mortality c-r function .

B This C-R function is included as a reasonable specification to explore the impact of adjustments for broad regional correlations , which have been identified as important factors in correctly specifying the PM mortality C-R function .
b this c-r function is included as a reasonable specification to explore the impact of adjustments for broad regional correlations , which have been [recognized] as important factors in correctly specifying the pm mortality c-r function .

The Commission identified 21 sites with rates for industrial countries and eight sites with rates for developing countries .
the commission [recognized] 21 sites with rates for industrial countries and eight sites with rates for developing countries .

It can be seen that business routes have slightly more pieces per route with slightly higher cost per piece.43 The cost per delivery point and stop on business routes is much higher , but the profit per piece remains higher.44 We are not aware of any study that has identified the reasons why business routes have a higher cost per piece and much higher cost per stop than residential routes .
it can be seen that business routes have slightly more pieces per route with slightly higher cost per piece.43 the cost per delivery point and stop on business routes is much higher , but the profit per piece remains higher.44 we are not aware of any study that has [recognized] the reasons why business routes have a higher cost per piece and much higher cost per stop than residential routes .

The sixth row , labeled `` Unknown '' shows some First-Class Mail that can not be identified with any of the aforementioned four sectors .
the sixth row , labeled `` unknown '' shows some first-class mail that can not be [recognized] with any of the aforementioned four sectors .

Within ECP , there are four possibilities : set the discount equal to the simple cost difference between the two categories ; set the discount equal to the average incremental savings in 4 Due to a name change which is difficult to explain and is confusing , Standard A mail is the same mail that was formerly identified as Third Class .
within ecp , there are four possibilities : set the discount equal to the simple cost difference between the two categories ; set the discount equal to the average incremental savings in 4 due to a name change which is difficult to explain and is confusing , standard a mail is the same mail that was formerly [recognized] as third class .

In that chapter we also described how Mihdhar was spotted in Kuala Lumpur early in January 2000 , along with associates who were not identified , and then was lost to sight when the group passed through Bangkok .
in that chapter we also described how mihdhar was spotted in kuala lumpur early in january 2000 , along with associates who were not [recognized] , and then was lost to sight when the group passed through bangkok .

According to KSM , Hanjour was sent to him in Karachi for inclusion in the plot after Hanjour was identified in al Qaeda 's al Faruq camp as a trained pilot , on the basis of background information he had provided .
according to ksm , hanjour was sent to him in karachi for inclusion in the plot after hanjour was [recognized] in al qaeda 's al faruq camp as a trained pilot , on the basis of background information he had provided .

The facilitator has identified each operative whom he assisted at KSM 's direction in the spring of 2001 .
the facilitator has [recognized] each operative whom he assisted at ksm 's direction in the spring of 2001 .

Most callers correctly identified the target of the attack .
most callers correctly [recognized] the target of the attack .

Some identified the plane as a commercial airliner .
some [recognized] the plane as a commercial airliner .

He has no credible explanation why photos of him were found with those of three other hijackers , or why others identified him as a candidate hijacker .
he has no credible explanation why photos of him were found with those of three other hijackers , or why others [recognized] him as a candidate hijacker .

One Sawyer employee identified Hanjour as being there during the time period , though she was less than 100 percent sure .
one sawyer employee [recognized] hanjour as being there during the time period , though she was less than 100 percent sure .

Another witness identified Hanjour as being with Salmi in the Phoenix area during the summer of 2001 .
another witness [recognized] hanjour as being with salmi in the phoenix area during the summer of 2001 .

In addition to Moussaoui , the two al Qaeda operatives identified by KSM as candidates for the second wave of attacks were Abderraouf Jdey , a.k.a .
in addition to moussaoui , the two al qaeda operatives [recognized] by ksm as candidates for the second wave of attacks were abderraouf jdey , a.k.a .

KSM identified this operative as an exception in Bin Ladin 's overall record of selecting the right people for the 9/11 attacks .
ksm [recognized] this operative as an exception in bin ladin 's overall record of selecting the right people for the 9/11 attacks .

The CIA produced to the Commission all SEIB articles relating to al Qaeda , Bin Ladin , and other subjects identified by the Commission as being relevant to its mission from January 1998 through September 20 , 2001 .
the cia produced to the commission all seib articles relating to al qaeda , bin ladin , and other subjects [recognized] by the commission as being relevant to its mission from january 1998 through september 20 , 2001 .

Still , as Director Tenet conceded in his testimony before the Joint Inquiry , the Kuala Lumpur meeting took on additional significance once Khallad was identified as having attended the meeting .
still , as director tenet conceded in his testimony before the joint inquiry , the kuala lumpur meeting took on additional significance once khallad was [recognized] as having attended the meeting .

The publicity regarding Mihdhar and Hazmi might have had a similar effect because they could have been identified by the airlines and might have jeopardized the operation .
the publicity regarding mihdhar and hazmi might have had a similar effect because they could have been [recognized] by the airlines and might have jeopardized the operation .

Individuals are identified by a code , and individuals ' ranks or units are disclosed only in a broad manner .
individuals are [recognized] by a code , and individuals ' ranks or units are disclosed only in a broad manner .

See Arab Human Development Report 2003 ( United Nations , 2003 ) , a report prepared by Arabs that examines not only standard statistical data but also more sensitive social indicators recently identified by the Nobel Prize-winning economist Amartya Sen .
see arab human development report 2003 ( united nations , 2003 ) , a report prepared by arabs that examines not only standard statistical data but also more sensitive social indicators recently [recognized] by the nobel prize-winning economist amartya sen .

Within days , the FBI identified a truck remnant as part of a Ryder rental van reported stolen in Jersey City the day before the bombing .
within days , the fbi [recognized] a truck remnant as part of a ryder rental van reported stolen in jersey city the day before the bombing .

The FBI identified another conspirator , Ahmad Ajaj , who had been arrested by immigration authorities at John F. Kennedy International Airport in September 1992 and charged with document fraud .
the fbi [recognized] another conspirator , ahmad ajaj , who had been arrested by immigration authorities at john f. kennedy international airport in september 1992 and charged with document fraud .

In 1991 , with the help of the Counterterrorist Center , they identified one small fragment as part of a timing device-to the technicians , as distinctive as DNA .
in 1991 , with the help of the counterterrorist center , they [recognized] one small fragment as part of a timing device-to the technicians , as distinctive as dna .

New laws in 1996 authorized the use of classified evidence in removal hearings , but the INS removed only a handful of the aliens with links to terrorist activity ( none identified as associated with al Qaeda ) using classified evidence .
new laws in 1996 authorized the use of classified evidence in removal hearings , but the ins removed only a handful of the aliens with links to terrorist activity ( none [recognized] as associated with al qaeda ) using classified evidence .

Moreover , law enforcement could be effective only after specific individuals were identified , a plot had formed , or an attack had already occurred .
moreover , law enforcement could be effective only after specific individuals were [recognized] , a plot had formed , or an attack had already occurred .

It usually takes on foreign policy and national security issues after threats are identified and articulated by the administration .
it usually takes on foreign policy and national security issues after threats are [recognized] and articulated by the administration .

LATE LEADS-MIHDHAR , MOUSSAOUI , AND KSM In chapter 6 we discussed how intelligence agencies successfully detected some of the early travel in the planes operation , picking up the movements of Khalid al Mihdhar and identifying him , and seeing his travel converge with someone they perhaps could have identified but did not-Nawaf al Hazmi-as well as with less easily identifiable people such as Khallad and Abu Bara .
late leads-mihdhar , moussaoui , and ksm in chapter 6 we discussed how intelligence agencies successfully detected some of the early travel in the planes operation , picking up the movements of khalid al mihdhar and identifying him , and seeing his travel converge with someone they perhaps could have [recognized] but did not-nawaf al hazmi-as well as with less easily identifiable people such as khallad and abu bara .

The CIA asked that a Kuala Lumpur surveillance photo of Mihdhar be shown to the joint source who had identified Khallad .
the cia asked that a kuala lumpur surveillance photo of mihdhar be shown to the joint source who had [recognized] khallad .

She did not know why the photographs had been taken or why the Kuala Lumpur travel might be significant , and she was not told that someone had identified Khallad in the photographs .
she did not know why the photographs had been taken or why the kuala lumpur travel might be significant , and she was not told that someone had [recognized] khallad in the photographs .

The possible links between KSM , Moussaoui , and an individual only later identified as Ramzi Binalshibh would remain undiscovered , however .
the possible links between ksm , moussaoui , and an individual only later [recognized] as ramzi binalshibh would remain undiscovered , however .

In July , the same source was shown a series of photographs and identified a photograph of Khalid Sheikh Mohammed as the Khaled he had previously discussed .
in july , the same source was shown a series of photographs and [recognized] a photograph of khalid sheikh mohammed as the khaled he had previously discussed .

The President 's military aide , an Air Force officer , quickly researched the options and , sometime around 10:20 , identified Barksdale Air Force Base as an appropriate interim destination .
the president 's military aide , an air force officer , quickly researched the options and , sometime around 10:20 , [recognized] barksdale air force base as an appropriate interim destination .

We found no evidence that any flights of Saudi nationals , domestic or international , took place before the reopening of national airspace on the morning of September 13 , 2001.24 To the contrary , every flight we have identified occurred after national airspace reopened .
we found no evidence that any flights of saudi nationals , domestic or international , took place before the reopening of national airspace on the morning of september 13 , 2001.24 to the contrary , every flight we have [recognized] occurred after national airspace reopened .

The Saudi government was advised of and agreed to the FBI 's requirements that passengers be identified and checked against various databases before the flights departed.29The Federal Aviation Administration representative working in the FBI operations center made sure that the FBI was aware of the flights of Saudi nationals and was able to screen the passengers before they were allowed to depart .
the saudi government was advised of and agreed to the fbi 's requirements that passengers be [recognized] and checked against various databases before the flights departed.29the federal aviation administration representative working in the fbi operations center made sure that the fbi was aware of the flights of saudi nationals and was able to screen the passengers before they were allowed to depart .

Inspectors examining Ressam 's rental car found the explosives concealed in the spare tire well , but at first they assumed the white powder and viscous liquid were drug-related-until an inspector pried apart and identified one of the four timing devices concealed within black boxes .
inspectors examining ressam 's rental car found the explosives concealed in the spare tire well , but at first they assumed the white powder and viscous liquid were drug-related-until an inspector pried apart and [recognized] one of the four timing devices concealed within black boxes .

They identified one as Mihdhar .
they [recognized] one as mihdhar .

In early March 2000 , Bangkok reported that Nawaf al Hazmi , now identified for the first time with his full name , had departed on January 15 on a United Airlines flight to Los Angeles .
in early march 2000 , bangkok reported that nawaf al hazmi , now [recognized] for the first time with his full name , had departed on january 15 on a united airlines flight to los angeles .

In February 2001 , a source reported that an individual whom he identified as the big instructor ( probably a reference to Bin Ladin ) complained frequently that the United States had not yet attacked .
in february 2001 , a source reported that an individual whom he [recognized] as the big instructor ( probably a reference to bin ladin ) complained frequently that the united states had not yet attacked .

By this time the Yemenis also had identified Nashiri , whose links to al Qaeda and the 1998 embassy bombings were even more well-known .
by this time the yemenis also had [recognized] nashiri , whose links to al qaeda and the 1998 embassy bombings were even more well-known .

When the Sudanese refused to hand over three individuals identified as involved in the assassination plot , the UN Security Council passed a resolution criticizing their inaction and eventually sanctioned Khartoum in April 1996 .
when the sudanese refused to hand over three individuals [recognized] as involved in the assassination plot , the un security council passed a resolution criticizing their inaction and eventually sanctioned khartoum in april 1996 .

As discussed in chapter 6 , U.S. intelligence would analyze communications associated with Mihdhar , whom they identified during this travel , and Hazmi , whom they could have identified but did not .
as discussed in chapter 6 , u.s. intelligence would analyze communications associated with mihdhar , whom they [recognized] during this travel , and hazmi , whom they could have [recognized] but did not .

The two men became close friends and became identified with their shared extremist outlook .
the two men became close friends and became [recognized] with their shared extremist outlook .

After a solid recitation of all the information available on this topic , the paper identified a few principal scenarios , one of which was a `` suicide hijacking operation . ''
after a solid recitation of all the information available on this topic , the paper [recognized] a few principal scenarios , one of which was a `` suicide hijacking operation . ''

Any serious policy examination of a suicide hijacking scenario , critiquing each of the layers of the security system , could have suggested changes to fix glaring vulnerabilities-expanding no-fly lists , searching passengers identified by the CAPPS screening system , deploying Federal Air Marshals domestically , hardening cockpit doors , alerting air crew to a different kind of hijacking than what they had been trained to expect , or adjusting the training of controllers and managers in the FAA and NORAD .
any serious policy examination of a suicide hijacking scenario , critiquing each of the layers of the security system , could have suggested changes to fix glaring vulnerabilities-expanding no-fly lists , searching passengers [recognized] by the capps screening system , deploying federal air marshals domestically , hardening cockpit doors , alerting air crew to a different kind of hijacking than what they had been trained to expect , or adjusting the training of controllers and managers in the faa and norad .

In early March 2000 , Bangkok reported that Nawaf al Hazmi , now identified for the first time with his full name , had departed on January 15 on a United Airlines flight to Los Angeles .
in early march 2000 , bangkok reported that nawaf al hazmi , now [recognized] for the first time with his full name , had departed on january 15 on a united airlines flight to los angeles .

For Atef 's death , see DOS report , `` Comprehensive List of Terrorists and Groups Identified Under Executive Order 13224 , '' Dec. 31 , 2001 .
for atef 's death , see dos report , `` comprehensive list of terrorists and groups [recognized] under executive order 13224 , '' dec. 31 , 2001 .

KSM has admitted that his statement in a post-9/11 interview with Al Jazeera reporter Yosri Fouda-that an al Qaeda `` reconnaissance committee '' had identified 30 potential targets in the United States during the late 1990s-was a lie designed to inflate the perceived scale of the 9/11 operation .
ksm has admitted that his statement in a post-9/11 interview with al jazeera reporter yosri fouda-that an al qaeda `` reconnaissance committee '' had [recognized] 30 potential targets in the united states during the late 1990s-was a lie designed to inflate the perceived scale of the 9/11 operation .

Khallad has identified contradictory purposes for the money : a donation to charities benefiting amputees , see Intelligence report , interrogation of Khallad , Aug.8,2003 ; and to advance the ship-bombing operation , see Intelligence report , interrogation of Khallad , Jan. 7 , 2004 .
khallad has [recognized] contradictory purposes for the money : a donation to charities benefiting amputees , see intelligence report , interrogation of khallad , aug.8,2003 ; and to advance the ship-bombing operation , see intelligence report , interrogation of khallad , jan. 7 , 2004 .

On another occasion , according to the same witness , Motassadeq apparently identified Atta as `` our pilot . ''
on another occasion , according to the same witness , motassadeq apparently [recognized] atta as `` our pilot . ''

On the CIA side see , for example , CIA briefing materials , `` DDO Update , '' May 22 , 26 , 2000 ( at which the DCI was told that unless funding was identified within the next 10 days , the military advised that the Predator could not be deployed that fiscal year ; the military was waiting for an NSC request that it fund the projects ) .
on the cia side see , for example , cia briefing materials , `` ddo update , '' may 22 , 26 , 2000 ( at which the dci was told that unless funding was [recognized] within the next 10 days , the military advised that the predator could not be deployed that fiscal year ; the military was waiting for an nsc request that it fund the projects ) .

Ten out of the 19 hijackers ( including 9 out of 10 on the two American Airlines flights ) were identified via the CAPPS system .
ten out of the 19 hijackers ( including 9 out of 10 on the two american airlines flights ) were [recognized] via the capps system .

Review of the same materials also indicates that no one within FAA located American 77 until the aircraft was identified by Dulles controllers at 9:32 .
review of the same materials also indicates that no one within faa located american 77 until the aircraft was [recognized] by dulles controllers at 9:32 .

Where such assistance is provided , it should be identified as coming from the citizens of the United States .
where such assistance is provided , it should be [recognized] as coming from the citizens of the united states .

Some charities that have been identified as likely avenues for terrorist financing have seen their donations WHAT TO DO ?
some charities that have been [recognized] as likely avenues for terrorist financing have seen their donations what to do ?

Analyzing their characteristic travel documents and travel patterns could have allowed authorities to intercept 4 to 15 hijackers and more effective use of information available in U.S. government databases could have identified up to 3 hijackers .
analyzing their characteristic travel documents and travel patterns could have allowed authorities to intercept 4 to 15 hijackers and more effective use of information available in u.s. government databases could have [recognized] up to 3 hijackers .

More than half were identified for further inspection , which applied only to their checked luggage .
more than half were [recognized] for further inspection , which applied only to their checked luggage .

Other threats were identified during the late 1990s , including terrorists ' use of aircraft as weapons .
other threats were [recognized] during the late 1990s , including terrorists ' use of aircraft as weapons .

The C-130H pilot spotted it , identified it as a Boeing 757 , attempted to follow its path , and at 9:38 , seconds after impact , reported to the control tower : '' looks like that aircraft crashed into the Pentagon sir . ''
the c-130h pilot spotted it , [recognized] it as a boeing 757 , attempted to follow its path , and at 9:38 , seconds after impact , reported to the control tower : '' looks like that aircraft crashed into the pentagon sir . ''

Boston Center called NEADS at 9:41 and identified Delta 1989 , a 767 jet that had left Logan Airport for Las Vegas , as a possible hijack .
boston center called neads at 9:41 and [recognized] delta 1989 , a 767 jet that had left logan airport for las vegas , as a possible hijack .

Previous studies have identified temporal and frontal temporal changes in individuals whose tinnitus is severely disabling ; however , there have been no group studies comparing abnormalities of ongoing , spontaneous neuronal activity in people with and without tinnitus .
previous studies have [recognized] temporal and frontal temporal changes in individuals whose tinnitus is severely disabling ; however , there have been no group studies comparing abnormalities of ongoing , spontaneous neuronal activity in people with and without tinnitus .

As in PKC- and ERK-activated shedding , the ROCK1 substrate effector molecule or molecules that regulate proteolysis by ADAMs remain to be identified .
as in pkc- and erk-activated shedding , the rock1 substrate effector molecule or molecules that regulate proteolysis by adams remain to be [recognized] .

As described above , the key substrate or substrates linking cytoplasmic protein phosphorylation to intralumenal or cell-surface protelysis remain to be identified .
as described above , the key substrate or substrates linking cytoplasmic protein phosphorylation to intralumenal or cell-surface protelysis remain to be [recognized] .

Only recently , however , have putative MAP kinase kinase and MAP kinase components of the ethylene pathway been identified ( Chang 2003 ) .
only recently , however , have putative map kinase kinase and map kinase components of the ethylene pathway been [recognized] ( chang 2003 ) .

Additionally , microarray analysis has identified a large number of genes that are responsive to both hormones .
additionally , microarray analysis has [recognized] a large number of genes that are responsive to both hormones .

These findings suggest that ERF1 represents one of the first signaling nodes identified in the complex web of hormonal cross-talk .
these findings suggest that erf1 represents one of the first signaling nodes [recognized] in the complex web of hormonal cross-talk .

In support of this notion , bioinformatic analysis identified distinct sequence elements that were enriched specifically in the promoters of auxin-induced , BR-induced , and auxin/BR-induced genes .
in support of this notion , bioinformatic analysis [recognized] distinct sequence elements that were enriched specifically in the promoters of auxin-induced , br-induced , and auxin/br-induced genes .

Receptors and other upstream signaling components remain to be identified for the majority of the phytohormones .
receptors and other upstream signaling components remain to be [recognized] for the majority of the phytohormones .

Importantly , a recent prospective study identified a longitudinal association between sleep curtailment and future weight gain [ 6 ] .
importantly , a recent prospective study [recognized] a longitudinal association between sleep curtailment and future weight gain [ 6 ] .

Identified relationships included : ghrelin with high-density lipoprotein ( HDL ) , alcohol intake , and creatinine ; leptin with diastolic blood pressure , smoking , and blood urea nitrogen ( BUN ) ; adiponectin with HDL , triglycerides , uric acid , and BUN ; insulin with HDL , triglycerides , uric acid , and smoking ; glucose with HDL , triglycerides , uric acid , alcohol intake , BUN , and creatinine ; QUICKI with HDL , triglycerides , uric acid , smoking , and BUN .
[recognized] relationships included : ghrelin with high-density lipoprotein ( hdl ) , alcohol intake , and creatinine ; leptin with diastolic blood pressure , smoking , and blood urea nitrogen ( bun ) ; adiponectin with hdl , triglycerides , uric acid , and bun ; insulin with hdl , triglycerides , uric acid , and smoking ; glucose with hdl , triglycerides , uric acid , alcohol intake , bun , and creatinine ; quicki with hdl , triglycerides , uric acid , smoking , and bun .

In 2002 , mutations in the genes ASPM ( abnormal spindle-like microcephaly associated ) and microcephalin were identified as two causes of microcephaly .
in 2002 , mutations in the genes aspm ( abnormal spindle-like microcephaly associated ) and microcephalin were [recognized] as two causes of microcephaly .

Further , the trials reviewed could be identified with a unique international identifier , as promoted by the World Health Organization [ 14 ] . )
further , the trials reviewed could be [recognized] with a unique international identifier , as promoted by the world health organization [ 14 ] . )

While components of the Drosophila Toll pathway were identified in earlier genetic screens for developmental mutants , those in the Imd pathway have been the focus of more recent studies , mainly in the context of Drosophila immunity ( Hoffmann and Reichhart 2002 ; Hultmark 2003 ) .
while components of the drosophila toll pathway were [recognized] in earlier genetic screens for developmental mutants , those in the imd pathway have been the focus of more recent studies , mainly in the context of drosophila immunity ( hoffmann and reichhart 2002 ; hultmark 2003 ) .

The major target of O 2 − damage identified in bacteria is a class of dehydratase enzymes that utilize [ 4Fe–4S ] clusters to bind their substrate ( Imlay 2003 ; Djaman et al .
the major target of o 2 − damage [recognized] in bacteria is a class of dehydratase enzymes that utilize [ 4fe–4s ] clusters to bind their substrate ( imlay 2003 ; djaman et al .

Many enzymes that protect against oxidative damage have been identified in E. coli ( Imlay 2002 , 2003 ) .
many enzymes that protect against oxidative damage have been [recognized] in e. coli ( imlay 2002 , 2003 ) .

All but the sulfinic and sulfonic acid modifications are readily reversible by reduction , using proteins such as thioredoxin or glutaredoxin ; though sulfinic acid reductase activities have recently been identified in yeast and mammalian cells ( denoted sulfiredoxin and sestrin , respectively ) ( Biteau et al .
all but the sulfinic and sulfonic acid modifications are readily reversible by reduction , using proteins such as thioredoxin or glutaredoxin ; though sulfinic acid reductase activities have recently been [recognized] in yeast and mammalian cells ( denoted sulfiredoxin and sestrin , respectively ) ( biteau et al .

They rightly identified reproductive isolation ( RI ) as a critical , even defining , property of species , and allopatric divergence ( i.e. , in disjunct geographic areas ) as the major geographic mode of speciation .
they rightly [recognized] reproductive isolation ( ri ) as a critical , even defining , property of species , and allopatric divergence ( i.e. , in disjunct geographic areas ) as the major geographic mode of speciation .

The Equity Working Group of HMN made recommendations that outlined the content of equity-sensitive information systems , identified opportunities for minimizing collection burdens , and suggested strategies to foster an equity-oriented decision-making culture .
the equity working group of hmn made recommendations that outlined the content of equity-sensitive information systems , [recognized] opportunities for minimizing collection burdens , and suggested strategies to foster an equity-oriented decision-making culture .

In the meantime , he adds , “ I do enjoy a glass of red wine about once a day. ” It was Sinclair 's laboratory , in association with a commercial partner , that revealed last August how the team had identified for the first time a group of simple organic molecules capable of extending lifespan .
in the meantime , he adds , “ i do enjoy a glass of red wine about once a day. ” it was sinclair 's laboratory , in association with a commercial partner , that revealed last august how the team had [recognized] for the first time a group of simple organic molecules capable of extending lifespan .

Several mutations have been identified in the context of epidermal growth factor receptor ( EGFR ) in patients with NSCLC that are associated with clinical response to the small-molecule EGFR inhibitors gefitinib ( Iressa ) or erlotinib ( Tarceva ) [ 7,8,9 ] , including in-frame deletions such as del L747–E749 ; A750P in exon 19 , or L858R in exon 21 .
several mutations have been [recognized] in the context of epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ) in patients with nsclc that are associated with clinical response to the small-molecule egfr inhibitors gefitinib ( iressa ) or erlotinib ( tarceva ) [ 7,8,9 ] , including in-frame deletions such as del l747–e749 ; a750p in exon 19 , or l858r in exon 21 .

A Basis for Resistance to Small-Molecule EGFR Inhibitors in NSCLC In an elegant new study in PLoS Medicine , Pao and colleagues have identified acquired mutations in patients with NSCLC that appear to explain clinical resistance to gefitinib or erlotinib [ 15 ] .
a basis for resistance to small-molecule egfr inhibitors in nsclc in an elegant new study in plos medicine , pao and colleagues have [recognized] acquired mutations in patients with nsclc that appear to explain clinical resistance to gefitinib or erlotinib [ 15 ] .

Resistance mutations identified via in vitro screens have shown a high degree of correlation with those that develop in vivo , as shown in screens for imatinib-resistant BCR-ABL mutants [ 11 ] and PKC412-resistant FLT3 mutants [ 17 ] , as well as the T790M resistance mutation to gefitinib in the context of EGFR [ 18 ] .
resistance mutations [recognized] via in vitro screens have shown a high degree of correlation with those that develop in vivo , as shown in screens for imatinib-resistant bcr-abl mutants [ 11 ] and pkc412-resistant flt3 mutants [ 17 ] , as well as the t790m resistance mutation to gefitinib in the context of egfr [ 18 ] .

The World Health Organization and the Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS have identified three core principles that should underlie the effort to fairly distribute ARVs , namely : urgency , equity , and sustainability [ 23 ] .
the world health organization and the joint united nations programme on hiv/aids have [recognized] three core principles that should underlie the effort to fairly distribute arvs , namely : urgency , equity , and sustainability [ 23 ] .

Results Increased Expression of CD36 Specifically in Proximal Tubules of Human Diabetic Kidneys Is Associated with TED Using microarray-based gene expression profiling on whole kidney RNA together with supervised clustering methods , we previously identified and validated gene expression patterns for molecular classification of diabetic mice with albuminuria and mesangial expansion [ 5 ] .
results increased expression of cd36 specifically in proximal tubules of human diabetic kidneys is associated with ted using microarray-based gene expression profiling on whole kidney rna together with supervised clustering methods , we previously [recognized] and validated gene expression patterns for molecular classification of diabetic mice with albuminuria and mesangial expansion [ 5 ] .

Thus , we are exploring whether biochemical or functional differences between mouse and human PTECs in glucose metabolism or glucose-induced signaling can be identified .
thus , we are exploring whether biochemical or functional differences between mouse and human ptecs in glucose metabolism or glucose-induced signaling can be [recognized] .

By the 1970s , the underlying enzyme deficiency had been identified , and methods had been developed to purify the enzyme from human placenta in a high state of purity .
by the 1970s , the underlying enzyme deficiency had been [recognized] , and methods had been developed to purify the enzyme from human placenta in a high state of purity .

Within the four selected zones , using health-care facility lists compiled by Nigeria 's Federal Ministry of Health [ 17 ] , we identified states that have a tertiary care institution and randomly selected one of these states from each zone .
within the four selected zones , using health-care facility lists compiled by nigeria 's federal ministry of health [ 17 ] , we [recognized] states that have a tertiary care institution and randomly selected one of these states from each zone .

Using high-resolution genetic mapping the authors have identified the locations of genes that cause increased discrimination against Drosophila persimilis males by D. pseudoobscura females , due to reinforcement in sympatry .
using high-resolution genetic mapping the authors have [recognized] the locations of genes that cause increased discrimination against drosophila persimilis males by d. pseudoobscura females , due to reinforcement in sympatry .

Studying overlapping peptides of Fel d 1 , we identified a striking response to two peptides at the terminal end of Chain 2 .
studying overlapping peptides of fel d 1 , we [recognized] a striking response to two peptides at the terminal end of chain 2 .

A decade later , CWD was identified as one of the neurodegenerative diseases called spongiform encephalopathies , the most notorious example of which is bovine spongiform encephalopathy ( BSE ) , more commonly known as mad cow disease .
a decade later , cwd was [recognized] as one of the neurodegenerative diseases called spongiform encephalopathies , the most notorious example of which is bovine spongiform encephalopathy ( bse ) , more commonly known as mad cow disease .

Far , the United States and Canada are the only countries in which it has been identified , apart from a few imported cases in the Republic of Korea , but surveillance has not been thorough in North America and is virtually nonexistent in the rest of the world .
far , the united states and canada are the only countries in which it has been [recognized] , apart from a few imported cases in the republic of korea , but surveillance has not been thorough in north america and is virtually nonexistent in the rest of the world .

In patients who reached phase II in the absence of therapy failure , a total of 12 patients were identified to have resistance mutations at the first viremic time point ( continuous therapy/single TI , 3/16 ; repeated TI , 9/18 ; p = 0.06 ) .
in patients who reached phase ii in the absence of therapy failure , a total of 12 patients were [recognized] to have resistance mutations at the first viremic time point ( continuous therapy/single ti , 3/16 ; repeated ti , 9/18 ; p = 0.06 ) .

In the repeated interruptions arm , analysis of newly detected resistance mutations in phase II , as defined by a lack of detection during viremic time points in phase I , identified 3/18 patients ( patients S4 , S22 , and S43 ) with this pattern ( see notations in Table 3 ) .
in the repeated interruptions arm , analysis of newly detected resistance mutations in phase ii , as defined by a lack of detection during viremic time points in phase i , [recognized] 3/18 patients ( patients s4 , s22 , and s43 ) with this pattern ( see notations in table 3 ) .

Research on some of the reported adult stem cell preparations may conceivably in the future demonstrate that they , too , like hematopoietic stem cells , can also be prospectively identified , “ single cell cloned , ” expanded considerably by growth in vitro with retention of normal chromosome structure and number , and preserved by freezing and storage at low temperatures .
research on some of the reported adult stem cell preparations may conceivably in the future demonstrate that they , too , like hematopoietic stem cells , can also be prospectively [recognized] , “ single cell cloned , ” expanded considerably by growth in vitro with retention of normal chromosome structure and number , and preserved by freezing and storage at low temperatures .

This is the first time that copy number changes among apes have been assayed for the vast majority of human genes , and we can expect that the biological consequences of the 140 human-specific copy number changes identified in this study will be heavily investigated over the coming years .
this is the first time that copy number changes among apes have been assayed for the vast majority of human genes , and we can expect that the biological consequences of the 140 human-specific copy number changes [recognized] in this study will be heavily investigated over the coming years .

Separated from their regulatory elements , these integrated sequences rarely give rise to expressed full-length coding sequences , although functional retrogenes have been identified in most genomes .
separated from their regulatory elements , these integrated sequences rarely give rise to expressed full-length coding sequences , although functional retrogenes have been [recognized] in most genomes .

In principle , genome duplications should be easily identified through the coincident emergence within a phylogeny of many gene families .
in principle , genome duplications should be easily [recognized] through the coincident emergence within a phylogeny of many gene families .

Taking advantage of the ability to generate clones of cells lacking specific proteins , the authors identified new functional roles for actin regulators such as CAP ( a Drosophila homologue of adenylyl cyclase-associated proteins ) , Enabled ( Ena ) and Abelson ( Abl ) .
taking advantage of the ability to generate clones of cells lacking specific proteins , the authors [recognized] new functional roles for actin regulators such as cap ( a drosophila homologue of adenylyl cyclase-associated proteins ) , enabled ( ena ) and abelson ( abl ) .

However , this is only the beginning , and the genes identified in this manner will have to be tested in vivo , in systems like that of Baum and Perrimon , where specific functions can be assessed in time and space within the confines of real organisms .
however , this is only the beginning , and the genes [recognized] in this manner will have to be tested in vivo , in systems like that of baum and perrimon , where specific functions can be assessed in time and space within the confines of real organisms .

Once identified , such critical genes can be examined in detail and used in studies aimed at disease cures or drug screens .
once [recognized] , such critical genes can be examined in detail and used in studies aimed at disease cures or drug screens .

In an ideal world , the next step would be to see what effect genetically altering the expression of the proteins identified by Sussman and Hildebrand has on the silica shell of T. pseudonana .
in an ideal world , the next step would be to see what effect genetically altering the expression of the proteins [recognized] by sussman and hildebrand has on the silica shell of t. pseudonana .

Several families have been described where PD-like syndromes are inherited in either a dominant or recessive fashion , and four of the underlying genes have been identified .
several families have been described where pd-like syndromes are inherited in either a dominant or recessive fashion , and four of the underlying genes have been [recognized] .

It is also possible that other cellular processes that we have not yet identified are affected by the presence of this protein that has such an innate tendency to aggregate .
it is also possible that other cellular processes that we have not yet [recognized] are affected by the presence of this protein that has such an innate tendency to aggregate .

The substrates of PINK1 have not yet been identified , but presumably phosphorylation of these substrates controls some critical function for neuronal survival .
the substrates of pink1 have not yet been [recognized] , but presumably phosphorylation of these substrates controls some critical function for neuronal survival .

Results We identified 60 lung adenocarcinomas from individual patients with tumors shown to be sensitive or refractory to single-agent gefitinib or erlotinib and evaluated these tumors for mutations in EGFR and KRAS .
results we [recognized] 60 lung adenocarcinomas from individual patients with tumors shown to be sensitive or refractory to single-agent gefitinib or erlotinib and evaluated these tumors for mutations in egfr and kras .

The Difficulties of Assessing the Effects of Intention to Lose Weight As a further step toward reducing the potential bias of the impact of disease on body weight , the authors identified individuals with intent to lose weight .
the difficulties of assessing the effects of intention to lose weight as a further step toward reducing the potential bias of the impact of disease on body weight , the authors [recognized] individuals with intent to lose weight .

These studies aim to test the feasibility and safety of different types of calorie restricted diets in non-obese people and to determine the effects of CR on risk factors for age-related diseases , psychological factors , immune function , oxidative stress , and molecular pathways identified in lower species [ 17 ] .
these studies aim to test the feasibility and safety of different types of calorie restricted diets in non-obese people and to determine the effects of cr on risk factors for age-related diseases , psychological factors , immune function , oxidative stress , and molecular pathways [recognized] in lower species [ 17 ] .

The Center for Science in the Public Interest recently examined 163 articles in four scientific journals and identified at least 13 articles for which authors did not disclose relevant conflicts of interest that should have been disclosed according to the journals ' policies [ 8 ] .
the center for science in the public interest recently examined 163 articles in four scientific journals and [recognized] at least 13 articles for which authors did not disclose relevant conflicts of interest that should have been disclosed according to the journals ' policies [ 8 ] .

Studying canalization in ion channel gene networks may have significant advantages over studying developmental gene networks because it is relatively straightforward to measure the amounts of ion channels expressed in single identified neurons , to alter the expression of individual ion channels , and to relate these alterations to behaviour .
studying canalization in ion channel gene networks may have significant advantages over studying developmental gene networks because it is relatively straightforward to measure the amounts of ion channels expressed in single [recognized] neurons , to alter the expression of individual ion channels , and to relate these alterations to behaviour .

Most troublesome are the large numbers of open reading frames that have been identified by computer programs , but remain labeled as a “ conserved hypothetical protein ” when they occur in more than one genome or simply a “ hypothetical protein ” when they appear unique to the genome in question .
most troublesome are the large numbers of open reading frames that have been [recognized] by computer programs , but remain labeled as a “ conserved hypothetical protein ” when they occur in more than one genome or simply a “ hypothetical protein ” when they appear unique to the genome in question .

Variables identified as potential confounders by these bivariate analyses were included in multivariate models , as were the cofactors believed to be clinically relevant .
variables [recognized] as potential confounders by these bivariate analyses were included in multivariate models , as were the cofactors believed to be clinically relevant .

Most of the peptides identified so far are either normal self proteins aberrantly expressed in cancer but not in most other adult normal tissues or tissue-specific antigens also expressed in certain types of cancer .
most of the peptides [recognized] so far are either normal self proteins aberrantly expressed in cancer but not in most other adult normal tissues or tissue-specific antigens also expressed in certain types of cancer .

PCR products were identified by size , and identity was confirmed by DNA sequencing .
pcr products were [recognized] by size , and identity was confirmed by dna sequencing .

Lymph nodes were identified by readers who manually placed kernels onto each node for automated boundary detection and calculation of nodal dimensions and volumes .
lymph nodes were [recognized] by readers who manually placed kernels onto each node for automated boundary detection and calculation of nodal dimensions and volumes .

The thus identified regions of interest ( ROIs ) encompassed the entire lymph node ( not only portions of it ) and were used for quantitative signal-intensity ( SI ) measurements ( see Table 2 ) .
the thus [recognized] regions of interest ( rois ) encompassed the entire lymph node ( not only portions of it ) and were used for quantitative signal-intensity ( si ) measurements ( see table 2 ) .

While the MIP projections do not aid in the differentiation between malignant and benign lymph nodes , they are invaluable in providing anatomic content to the dozens of lymph nodes identified .
while the mip projections do not aid in the differentiation between malignant and benign lymph nodes , they are invaluable in providing anatomic content to the dozens of lymph nodes [recognized] .

In this particular patient , MRI identified six positive lymph nodes ( < 10 mm each ) , reconstructed as a 3D dataset , whereas all positive lymph nodes were missed by PET scans .
in this particular patient , mri [recognized] six positive lymph nodes ( < 10 mm each ) , reconstructed as a 3d dataset , whereas all positive lymph nodes were missed by pet scans .

In addition , curators select citations from the text as evidence for the identified fact , and those citations are also added to the database .
in addition , curators select citations from the text as evidence for the [recognized] fact , and those citations are also added to the database .

The consortium already has a collection of 6,000 such individuals , and once a fish carrying a mutation in the gene of interest has been identified , it will be outcrossed to produce offspring , half of which will carry the desired mutation on one of their chromosomes .
the consortium already has a collection of 6,000 such individuals , and once a fish carrying a mutation in the gene of interest has been [recognized] , it will be outcrossed to produce offspring , half of which will carry the desired mutation on one of their chromosomes .

Hopkins and Sun have since identified the remaining genes , and these point to a single pathway being involved in the human disease .
hopkins and sun have since [recognized] the remaining genes , and these point to a single pathway being involved in the human disease .

In this issue of PLoS Biology , Stainier 's lab have identified another zebrafish gene that is involved in heart development—cardiofunk , which encodes a special type of muscle protein .
in this issue of plos biology , stainier 's lab have [recognized] another zebrafish gene that is involved in heart development—cardiofunk , which encodes a special type of muscle protein .

Results Longitudinal Assessment of Control of Viremia following Treated Acute or Early Infection Fourteen patients identified at the time of acute or early infection ( Table 1 ; Figure 1 ) were entered into this protocol , and they were followed for a median of 5.3 y from the time of infection ( range , 494–2,475 d ) .
results longitudinal assessment of control of viremia following treated acute or early infection fourteen patients [recognized] at the time of acute or early infection ( table 1 ; figure 1 ) were entered into this protocol , and they were followed for a median of 5.3 y from the time of infection ( range , 494–2,475 d ) .

No other cases of superinfection have been identified in these patients ( data not shown ) .
no other cases of superinfection have been [recognized] in these patients ( data not shown ) .

The best-known resonance theory was that formulated by Helmholtz , but at that time no satisfactory resonating elements could be identified , and it lapsed until Gold 's attempt to revive it .
the best-known resonance theory was that formulated by helmholtz , but at that time no satisfactory resonating elements could be [recognized] , and it lapsed until gold 's attempt to revive it .

Indeed , the relatedness of RNAi , PTGS , and quelling was confirmed when genetic analyses in worms , plants , and Neurospora identified common components in the respective silencing pathways ( Denli and Hannon 2003 ) .
indeed , the relatedness of rnai , ptgs , and quelling was confirmed when genetic analyses in worms , plants , and neurospora [recognized] common components in the respective silencing pathways ( denli and hannon 2003 ) .

Strikingly , the newly discovered siRNAs were the same size as several ‘ small temporal ’ RNAs , first identified in 1993 as important regulators of developmental timing in worms ( Lee et al .
strikingly , the newly discovered sirnas were the same size as several ‘ small temporal ’ rnas , first [recognized] in 1993 as important regulators of developmental timing in worms ( lee et al .

With the application of surgical techniques to exercise physiology in the late 1960s ( Bergstrom and Hultman 1966 ) , it became possible to obtain biopsy samples ( ∼150 mg ) of human skeletal muscle , and by means of histological and biochemical analyses , specific morphological , contractile , and metabolic properties were identified .
with the application of surgical techniques to exercise physiology in the late 1960s ( bergstrom and hultman 1966 ) , it became possible to obtain biopsy samples ( ∼150 mg ) of human skeletal muscle , and by means of histological and biochemical analyses , specific morphological , contractile , and metabolic properties were [recognized] .

Moreover , the Hypoxia Inducible Factor-1α ( HIF-1α ) has been identified as a master regulator for the expression of genes involved in essential hypoxic responses that maintain ATP levels in cells .
moreover , the hypoxia inducible factor-1α ( hif-1α ) has been [recognized] as a master regulator for the expression of genes involved in essential hypoxic responses that maintain atp levels in cells .

Finland Dataset Mandatory reporting from all microbiological laboratories in Finland to the National Register of Infectious Disease ( http : //www3.ktl.fi/stat/ ) identified all blood and cerebrospinal fluid isolates of S. pneumoniae obtained in the years 1995–2001 .
finland dataset mandatory reporting from all microbiological laboratories in finland to the national register of infectious disease ( http : //www3.ktl.fi/stat/ ) [recognized] all blood and cerebrospinal fluid isolates of s. pneumoniae obtained in the years 1995–2001 .

Different serogroups have vastly different frequencies among pneumococci isolated from carriage [ 12,15,16,17 ] and otitis media [ 12,18 ] ; for example , serogroups 4 and 18 and the non-vaccine serogroups are isolated far less commonly than several of the other pneumococcal types identified in Figure 1 .
different serogroups have vastly different frequencies among pneumococci isolated from carriage [ 12,15,16,17 ] and otitis media [ 12,18 ] ; for example , serogroups 4 and 18 and the non-vaccine serogroups are isolated far less commonly than several of the other pneumococcal types [recognized] in figure 1 .

As Inoue and Nukiwa state in a Perspective that accompanies the article , “ By combining all the factors that relate to response or resistance , patients who will benefit from treatment can hopefully be identified .
as inoue and nukiwa state in a perspective that accompanies the article , “ by combining all the factors that relate to response or resistance , patients who will benefit from treatment can hopefully be [recognized] .

They have identified key control points , or nodes , in the circuitry for their favorite study subject , Caulobacter crescentus .
they have [recognized] key control points , or nodes , in the circuitry for their favorite study subject , caulobacter crescentus .

Some years later , the active agents were identified as viruses that infected bacteria .
some years later , the active agents were [recognized] as viruses that infected bacteria .

His work seems to have been a major precursor of the op art movement , although he is not generally identified as a member of it .
his work seems to have been a major precursor of the op art movement , although he is not generally [recognized] as a member of it .

One possibility is that hormones secreted by adipocytes compromise peripheral insulin sensitivity , and a number of candidates for such adipocyte signals have been identified .
one possibility is that hormones secreted by adipocytes compromise peripheral insulin sensitivity , and a number of candidates for such adipocyte signals have been [recognized] .

Lymphocytes were identified by forward and side scatter signals , then selected for CD8+ and tetramer positive .
lymphocytes were [recognized] by forward and side scatter signals , then selected for cd8+ and tetramer positive .

We originally identified and characterized resistin as a circulating mouse adipocyte gene product that is regulated by antidiabetic drugs [ 11 ] .
we originally [recognized] and characterized resistin as a circulating mouse adipocyte gene product that is regulated by antidiabetic drugs [ 11 ] .

A truncated glutamate receptor was identified as an umami receptor by researchers at the University of Miami ( Florida , United States ) School of Medicine in 2000 .
a truncated glutamate receptor was [recognized] as an umami receptor by researchers at the university of miami ( florida , united states ) school of medicine in 2000 .

DeSimone believes that he has identified the proton channel involved in sour taste as well as an ion channel that could be the second salt receptor , and he plans to do knockout experiments on both .
desimone believes that he has [recognized] the proton channel involved in sour taste as well as an ion channel that could be the second salt receptor , and he plans to do knockout experiments on both .

Taste-Coding With many taste receptors now identified , researchers are turning to a long-standing question in taste perception : how is taste coded ?
taste-coding with many taste receptors now [recognized] , researchers are turning to a long-standing question in taste perception : how is taste coded ?

We defined â€œchildhood household social classâ€ as the occupational class position of the person identified as the head-of-household when the respondent was age 14 ; we also ascertained the proportion of twins who lived together until at least age 14 .
we defined â€œchildhood household social classâ€ as the occupational class position of the person [recognized] as the head-of-household when the respondent was age 14 ; we also ascertained the proportion of twins who lived together until at least age 14 .

Data Analysis To establish the analytic cohort , we identified twin pairs for whom we could determine both that they had lived together until at least age 14 and their joint socioeconomic trajectory ( n = 308 pairs ) .
data analysis to establish the analytic cohort , we [recognized] twin pairs for whom we could determine both that they had lived together until at least age 14 and their joint socioeconomic trajectory ( n = 308 pairs ) .

Although many intracellular components involved in outsidein signaling have been identified , and much has been learned about various signaling pathways involved in outside-in signaling ( Giancotti and Ruoslahti 1999 ) , a molecular view of how the various events occur in time and space is still very uncertain .
although many intracellular components involved in outsidein signaling have been [recognized] , and much has been learned about various signaling pathways involved in outside-in signaling ( giancotti and ruoslahti 1999 ) , a molecular view of how the various events occur in time and space is still very uncertain .

Botto and her colleagues may have identified the reason behind this somewhat surprising observation as a spurious consequence of the gene-targeting process .
botto and her colleagues may have [recognized] the reason behind this somewhat surprising observation as a spurious consequence of the gene-targeting process .

In spite of this great complexity , advances have been made , and a small but growing number of susceptibility genes have been identified ( Morahan and Morel 2002 ) .
in spite of this great complexity , advances have been made , and a small but growing number of susceptibility genes have been [recognized] ( morahan and morel 2002 ) .

Mouse models are used to discover new susceptibility genes that can then be assessed in patient populations , as well as to validate genes that have been directly identified in human genetic studies .
mouse models are used to discover new susceptibility genes that can then be assessed in patient populations , as well as to validate genes that have been directly [recognized] in human genetic studies .

Genetic risk undoubtedly represents the cumulative influence of many genes , including apolipoprotein E ( APOE ) and other genes not yet identified .
genetic risk undoubtedly represents the cumulative influence of many genes , including apolipoprotein e ( apoe ) and other genes not yet [recognized] .

Despite these limitations , several groups used microarrays to analyze brain tissues obtained posthumously from patients who had MS and identified genes that characterized either acute or chronic lesions [ 9,10,11 ] .
despite these limitations , several groups used microarrays to analyze brain tissues obtained posthumously from patients who had ms and [recognized] genes that characterized either acute or chronic lesions [ 9,10,11 ] .

However , although these studies identified some potential genes that may be involved in the local pathogenesis of the disease , they did not produce any information that could be used for identifying biomarkers associated with disease activity .
however , although these studies [recognized] some potential genes that may be involved in the local pathogenesis of the disease , they did not produce any information that could be used for identifying biomarkers associated with disease activity .

They identified increases in known interferon-inducible genes , and in genes involved in antiviral activity and interferon signaling .
they [recognized] increases in known interferon-inducible genes , and in genes involved in antiviral activity and interferon signaling .

Although the results were not tested on an independent dataset , as is frequently requested [ 22 ] , the authors applied an array of cross-validation strategies that convincingly suggested that the identified predictive signal was robust .
although the results were not tested on an independent dataset , as is frequently requested [ 22 ] , the authors applied an array of cross-validation strategies that convincingly suggested that the [recognized] predictive signal was robust .

From a breeding perspective , this provides the basis for selection so that individuals containing the best features of both parents can be identified and further bred .
from a breeding perspective , this provides the basis for selection so that individuals containing the best features of both parents can be [recognized] and further bred .

The rapidly growing molecular datasets for secondary ( or young primary ) insect endosymbionts have identified pathways that are considered to be required for pathogenicity , such as Type III secretion ( Dale et al .
the rapidly growing molecular datasets for secondary ( or young primary ) insect endosymbionts have [recognized] pathways that are considered to be required for pathogenicity , such as type iii secretion ( dale et al .

Individual chemicals reliably activate sets of identified glomeruli [ 32 ] .
individual chemicals reliably activate sets of [recognized] glomeruli [ 32 ] .

They also correspond to the similarity of activation patterns of the glomerular map [ 32 ] , although the actual mechanisms that evaluate this similarity remain to be identified .
they also correspond to the similarity of activation patterns of the glomerular map [ 32 ] , although the actual mechanisms that evaluate this similarity remain to be [recognized] .

During the period from 1993 to 2000 , over 82,000 seniors were identified as new users of hypertension drugs .
during the period from 1993 to 2000 , over 82,000 seniors were [recognized] as new users of hypertension drugs .

All kinases share some common features , and a resistance mutation very similar to the one identified here has also been found in other kinase genes from tumors with acquired resistance to imatinib , another kinase inhibitor .
all kinases share some common features , and a resistance mutation very similar to the one [recognized] here has also been found in other kinase genes from tumors with acquired resistance to imatinib , another kinase inhibitor .

We are also told that “ manic depression is a genetically transmitted syndrome ” ( when , in fact , no replicable genetic loci have yet been identified ) , that “ a very high proportion of manic depressives become writers ” ( the lifetime prevalence rate of bipolar disorder is approximately 1 % , and only a tiny proportion of that 1 % are writers ) , and that “ electrophysiology , because it is dangerous , is rarely performed ” ( electrophysiology tools—e.g. , the study of evoked potentials or electroencephalograms—are noninvasive and frequently used ; recordings of the activity of individual neurons with electrodes placed in the gray matter are indeed rare , but nothing from the context suggests that this particular type of electrophysiology is being discussed ) .
we are also told that “ manic depression is a genetically transmitted syndrome ” ( when , in fact , no replicable genetic loci have yet been [recognized] ) , that “ a very high proportion of manic depressives become writers ” ( the lifetime prevalence rate of bipolar disorder is approximately 1 % , and only a tiny proportion of that 1 % are writers ) , and that “ electrophysiology , because it is dangerous , is rarely performed ” ( electrophysiology tools—e.g. , the study of evoked potentials or electroencephalograms—are noninvasive and frequently used ; recordings of the activity of individual neurons with electrodes placed in the gray matter are indeed rare , but nothing from the context suggests that this particular type of electrophysiology is being discussed ) .

Although Tat was the first activator known that could recruit P-TEFb to initiating RNAPII , additional members of this group were soon identified .
although tat was the first activator known that could recruit p-tefb to initiating rnapii , additional members of this group were soon [recognized] .

HEXIM1 was identified as the inducible gene following the exposure of vascular smooth muscle cells to a potent differentiating agent , HMBA [ 26 ] .
hexim1 was [recognized] as the inducible gene following the exposure of vascular smooth muscle cells to a potent differentiating agent , hmba [ 26 ] .

Children 's exposure to environmental toxins is insidious In 1990 , the US Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) identified nine developmental neurobehavioral teratogens for both humans and animals ( lead , PCBs , methyl mercury , cocaine , alcohol , phenytoin , heroin , methadone , and ionizing radiation ) and developed rules for DNT testing in laboratory animals [ 49,50 ] .
children 's exposure to environmental toxins is insidious in 1990 , the us environmental protection agency ( epa ) [recognized] nine developmental neurobehavioral teratogens for both humans and animals ( lead , pcbs , methyl mercury , cocaine , alcohol , phenytoin , heroin , methadone , and ionizing radiation ) and developed rules for dnt testing in laboratory animals [ 49,50 ] .

The European Framework : “ REACH ” In 2001 , the European Commission affirmed that the European Union 's legislative framework did not provide adequate information about the adverse effects of chemicals on human health , and that when hazards were identified the regulatory agencies were slow to assess risks and to introduce measures to reduce those risks [ 78 ] .
the european framework : “ reach ” in 2001 , the european commission affirmed that the european union 's legislative framework did not provide adequate information about the adverse effects of chemicals on human health , and that when hazards were [recognized] the regulatory agencies were slow to assess risks and to introduce measures to reduce those risks [ 78 ] .

The HHVI selected the hookworm larval antigen ASP-2 ( ancylostoma secreted protein-2 ) based on studies that ( 1 ) identified the molecule as a protective antigen linked to earlier-generation irradiated infective larval vaccines [ 29 ] , ( 2 ) determined a relationship between human anti-ASP-2 antibodies and reduced risk of heavy hookworm infection in populations living in hookworm-endemic regions of Brazil and China ( [ 30 ] ; J. Bethony , A. Loukas , M. J. Smout , S. Brooker , S. Mendez , et al. , unpublished data ) , and ( 3 ) confirmed the ability of recombinant ASP-2 to partially protect laboratory animals against larval hookworm challenges [ 30,31,32 ] .
the hhvi selected the hookworm larval antigen asp-2 ( ancylostoma secreted protein-2 ) based on studies that ( 1 ) [recognized] the molecule as a protective antigen linked to earlier-generation irradiated infective larval vaccines [ 29 ] , ( 2 ) determined a relationship between human anti-asp-2 antibodies and reduced risk of heavy hookworm infection in populations living in hookworm-endemic regions of brazil and china ( [ 30 ] ; j. bethony , a. loukas , m. j. smout , s. brooker , s. mendez , et al. , unpublished data ) , and ( 3 ) confirmed the ability of recombinant asp-2 to partially protect laboratory animals against larval hookworm challenges [ 30,31,32 ] .

This crude summation suggests that linkage analysis is an imprecise tool—implausibly large numbers of genes are implicated and few genes are consistently identified in more than a small subset of studies .
this crude summation suggests that linkage analysis is an imprecise tool—implausibly large numbers of genes are implicated and few genes are consistently [recognized] in more than a small subset of studies .

Synthesis Despite the limitations of the accumulated linkage and association studies , there are good suggestions that these studies have identified plausible candidate genes for schizophrenia .
synthesis despite the limitations of the accumulated linkage and association studies , there are good suggestions that these studies have [recognized] plausible candidate genes for schizophrenia .

Using this insight , new small-molecule inhibitors have been identified that retain activity against the majority of imatinib-resistant BCR-ABL mutants [ 12,13 ] .
using this insight , new small-molecule inhibitors have been [recognized] that retain activity against the majority of imatinib-resistant bcr-abl mutants [ 12,13 ] .

In an effort to explain the selective advantage of cells with a newly identified “ resistance ” mutation in EGFR— a T790M amino acid substitution—we further characterized the drug sensitivity of putatively resistant EGFR mutants versus wild-type or drug-sensitive EGFR mutants , using both a NSCLC cell line fortuitously found to contain the T790M mutation and lysates from cells transiently transfected with wild-type and mutant EGFR cDNAs .
in an effort to explain the selective advantage of cells with a newly [recognized] “ resistance ” mutation in egfr— a t790m amino acid substitution—we further characterized the drug sensitivity of putatively resistant egfr mutants versus wild-type or drug-sensitive egfr mutants , using both a nsclc cell line fortuitously found to contain the t790m mutation and lysates from cells transiently transfected with wild-type and mutant egfr cdnas .

Results Case Reports We identified secondary EGFR mutations in three of six individuals whose disease progressed on either gefitinib or erlotinib ( Table 1 ) .
results case reports we [recognized] secondary egfr mutations in three of six individuals whose disease progressed on either gefitinib or erlotinib ( table 1 ) .

We have not identified this mutation in 155 tumors ( see above ) , and among nearly 1,300 lung cancers in which analysis of EGFR exons 18 to 21 has been performed [ 1,2,3,4,5,6 ] , only one tumor ( which also harbored an L858R mutation ) was reported to contain the T790M mutation .
we have not [recognized] this mutation in 155 tumors ( see above ) , and among nearly 1,300 lung cancers in which analysis of egfr exons 18 to 21 has been performed [ 1,2,3,4,5,6 ] , only one tumor ( which also harbored an l858r mutation ) was reported to contain the t790m mutation .

Recently , new small-molecule inhibitors have been identified that retain activity against the majority of imatinib-resistant BCR-ABL mutants .
recently , new small-molecule inhibitors have been [recognized] that retain activity against the majority of imatinib-resistant bcr-abl mutants .

For example , a SARS protein similar to mRNA cap-1 methyltransferases—a class of proteins with available inhibitors—was recently identified by scanning proteins encoded by the SARS genome against proteins of known structure [ 9 ] .
for example , a sars protein similar to mrna cap-1 methyltransferases—a class of proteins with available inhibitors—was recently [recognized] by scanning proteins encoded by the sars genome against proteins of known structure [ 9 ] .

Endemic regions for coccidioidomycosis have long been identified in semiarid areas in Mexico [ 3 ] , and smaller endemic foci have been described in areas of Central and South America [ 4,5 ] .
endemic regions for coccidioidomycosis have long been [recognized] in semiarid areas in mexico [ 3 ] , and smaller endemic foci have been described in areas of central and south america [ 4,5 ] .

To that end , a university-based consortium , the Valley Fever Vaccine Project ( www.valleyfever.com ) , has identified and cloned immunogenic proteins that have proven effective in the prevention of deaths and fungal burdens in mouse models of coccidioidomycosis .
to that end , a university-based consortium , the valley fever vaccine project ( www.valleyfever.com ) , has [recognized] and cloned immunogenic proteins that have proven effective in the prevention of deaths and fungal burdens in mouse models of coccidioidomycosis .

We have been the first to provide a quantitative assessment of the necessary size of the catchment area , and our results have identified that there is an urgent need to collect these critical data for quantifying the size of the catchment areas around HCFs .
we have been the first to provide a quantitative assessment of the necessary size of the catchment area , and our results have [recognized] that there is an urgent need to collect these critical data for quantifying the size of the catchment areas around hcfs .

In fact , 500 and 272 differentially regulated transcripts were identified between control individuals and patients with CD and UC , respectively .
in fact , 500 and 272 differentially regulated transcripts were [recognized] between control individuals and patients with cd and uc , respectively .

For immune and inflammatory response , the team identified many genes associated with aberrant immune response ; it is not surprising , perhaps , to find a general up-regulation of immune response and antigen presentation in IBD .
for immune and inflammatory response , the team [recognized] many genes associated with aberrant immune response ; it is not surprising , perhaps , to find a general up-regulation of immune response and antigen presentation in ibd .

Disease conditions were identified by International Classification of Disease ( ICD-9 ) codes , as well as by the appropriate reason-for-visit codes that are specific to NAMCS and NHAMCS .
disease conditions were [recognized] by international classification of disease ( icd-9 ) codes , as well as by the appropriate reason-for-visit codes that are specific to namcs and nhamcs .

For instance , we identified patients as having hyperlipidemia if their encounter forms contained an International Classification of Disease code within 272.0–272.4 .
for instance , we [recognized] patients as having hyperlipidemia if their encounter forms contained an international classification of disease code within 272.0–272.4 .

At a glance , Phytophthora can be mistaken for a fungus , so DNA profiling of isolates is crucial if species and strains of species are to be identified correctly so that action appropriate to each infection can be taken .
at a glance , phytophthora can be mistaken for a fungus , so dna profiling of isolates is crucial if species and strains of species are to be [recognized] correctly so that action appropriate to each infection can be taken .

At Goodwill , Michael 's counselors felt that his personable demeanor could be a major attribute and identified for him a possible job-match where his people skills could shine .
at goodwill , michael 's counselors felt that his personable demeanor could be a major attribute and [recognized] for him a possible job-match where his people skills could shine .

As a Matchmaker you will receive a description of `` your match '' and be identified as a Matchmaker on a plaque in the Big Sisters office , in the agency newsletter and annual report .
as a matchmaker you will receive a description of `` your match '' and be [recognized] as a matchmaker on a plaque in the big sisters office , in the agency newsletter and annual report .

Areas where support is needed are identified below : -GENERAL FUND .
areas where support is needed are [recognized] below : -general fund .

Under the leadership of Dean H. William Gilmore , the school has identified student support and technological infrastructure as the greatest needs in this year 's annual fund appeal .
under the leadership of dean h. william gilmore , the school has [recognized] student support and technological infrastructure as the greatest needs in this year 's annual fund appeal .

Participants in the Youth Outcomes Educational Initiative identified three goals for all our youth to obtain : economic self-sufficiency , healthy family , social relationships , and involvement in the community .
participants in the youth outcomes educational initiative [recognized] three goals for all our youth to obtain : economic self-sufficiency , healthy family , social relationships , and involvement in the community .

These AUs , usually identified by the facial muscles that perform these various tasks , are the tools used in What the Face Reveals .
these aus , usually [recognized] by the facial muscles that perform these various tasks , are the tools used in what the face reveals .

Writing in the Wall Street Journal on Dec. 6 , John Simons and John Harwood identified Internet taxation as a `` 21 st century wedge issue '' for George W. Bush , who says he wants to extend the moratorium but wo n't rule out Internet taxes in the future .
writing in the wall street journal on dec. 6 , john simons and john harwood [recognized] internet taxation as a `` 21 st century wedge issue '' for george w. bush , who says he wants to extend the moratorium but wo n't rule out internet taxes in the future .

The best instance of this was Bush 's answer to a viewer 's question about what political philosopher each candidate identified with and why .
the best instance of this was bush 's answer to a viewer 's question about what political philosopher each candidate [recognized] with and why .

AOL quickly identified the site as a hoax and pulled it Jan. 22 .
aol quickly [recognized] the site as a hoax and pulled it jan. 22 .

The program was established after the Gulf War and , reports the LAT , had in its short lifespan identified serious security lapses at 47 percent of the nation 's 104 commercial nuclear reactors .
the program was established after the gulf war and , reports the lat , had in its short lifespan [recognized] serious security lapses at 47 percent of the nation 's 104 commercial nuclear reactors .

For decades , Kazan has been reviled as the most notorious of those who `` named names '' -- identified Communists working in Hollywood -- before the House Committee on Un-American Activities .
for decades , kazan has been reviled as the most notorious of those who `` named names '' -- [recognized] communists working in hollywood -- before the house committee on un-american activities .

The Daily Telegraph reported on its front page Wednesday that MI6 , the British external espionage service , was having to consider withdrawing its man in Prague after Czech newspapers identified him as a homosexual living in the city with another man .
the daily telegraph reported on its front page wednesday that mi6 , the british external espionage service , was having to consider withdrawing its man in prague after czech newspapers [recognized] him as a homosexual living in the city with another man .

Ha'aretz said pressure was mounting to delay Wednesday 's vote on his appointment following the paper 's disclosure that Lauder had provided financial support for right-wing organizations identified with Benjamin Netanyahu .
ha'aretz said pressure was mounting to delay wednesday 's vote on his appointment following the paper 's disclosure that lauder had provided financial support for right-wing organizations [recognized] with benjamin netanyahu .

Ralph Neas , who for many years ran the Leadership Conference on Civil Rights , always identified himself as a Republican ; he dropped the pretense only when he ran for the House last fall as a Democrat in liberal Montgomery County , Md. , losing to Connie Morella ( the most liberal Republican in Congress ) .
ralph neas , who for many years ran the leadership conference on civil rights , always [recognized] himself as a republican ; he dropped the pretense only when he ran for the house last fall as a democrat in liberal montgomery county , md. , losing to connie morella ( the most liberal republican in congress ) .

By the way , the paper says it got its computer scoop when a civil liberties group ( not identified by the paper ) , concerned about the project 's potential for abusive intrusion , provided an NSC memo on the project .
by the way , the paper says it got its computer scoop when a civil liberties group ( not [recognized] by the paper ) , concerned about the project 's potential for abusive intrusion , provided an nsc memo on the project .

Chatterbox just received via snail mail an intriguing bundle of news clippings from Jack Limpert , editor of the Washingtonian magazine , and a believer , along with James Mann of the Los Angeles Times and the late Richard Nixon , that Deep Throat -- the mysterious Watergate source whom Bob Woodward has never identified -- was probably W. Mark Felt , the No .
chatterbox just received via snail mail an intriguing bundle of news clippings from jack limpert , editor of the washingtonian magazine , and a believer , along with james mann of the los angeles times and the late richard nixon , that deep throat -- the mysterious watergate source whom bob woodward has never [recognized] -- was probably w. mark felt , the no .

A difficulty with the Felt Hypothesis is that Woodward identified Deep Throat as a heavy smoker .
a difficulty with the felt hypothesis is that woodward [recognized] deep throat as a heavy smoker .

Indeed , the `` vast majority of the population approved the Nuremberg laws '' not only because they `` identified with the racialist policy '' but `` especially '' because `` a permanent framework of discrimination had been created that would end the reign of terror and set precise limits to antisemitic activities . ''
indeed , the `` vast majority of the population approved the nuremberg laws '' not only because they `` [recognized] with the racialist policy '' but `` especially '' because `` a permanent framework of discrimination had been created that would end the reign of terror and set precise limits to antisemitic activities . ''

Tripp is justified in worrying that her job and reputation were being threatened after Clinton 's lawyer identified her as someone who is `` not to be believed . ''
tripp is justified in worrying that her job and reputation were being threatened after clinton 's lawyer [recognized] her as someone who is `` not to be believed . ''

Of these troubled types , Harvard University political philosopher Michael Sandel is perhaps mostly closely identified with communitarianism .
of these troubled types , harvard university political philosopher michael sandel is perhaps mostly closely [recognized] with communitarianism .

Some would feel embarrassed at simply being identified and addressed in a compromising position .
some would feel embarrassed at simply being [recognized] and addressed in a compromising position .

One creative sign : Daniel Ortega is identified by a tap on the wrist , a mockery of the ex-president 's gauche Rolex .
one creative sign : daniel ortega is [recognized] by a tap on the wrist , a mockery of the ex-president 's gauche rolex .

If the behavior of the reporters was so indefensible in your mind , why are n't they identified by name ?
if the behavior of the reporters was so indefensible in your mind , why are n't they [recognized] by name ?

Blocher , whose Democratic Union of the Center appeared set to win 23 percent of the vote ( Haider won 27 percent in Austria ) , making it the country 's largest party , refuses to be identified with Holocaust revisionists but is in other respects typical of the far right -- he is against immigration and the European Union .
blocher , whose democratic union of the center appeared set to win 23 percent of the vote ( haider won 27 percent in austria ) , making it the country 's largest party , refuses to be [recognized] with holocaust revisionists but is in other respects typical of the far right -- he is against immigration and the european union .

Senior statesmen of Henry 's own Lancastrian party judged him an unworthy successor to their previous standard-bearer , the legendary Henry V , identified in the popular mind with the romance of chivalry and the tragedy of an early death .
senior statesmen of henry 's own lancastrian party judged him an unworthy successor to their previous standard-bearer , the legendary henry v , [recognized] in the popular mind with the romance of chivalry and the tragedy of an early death .

The fact that the beers correctly identified were the two most popular microbrews in the Seattle area suggests that familiarity is the main ingredient in knowing your beer .
the fact that the beers correctly [recognized] were the two most popular microbrews in the seattle area suggests that familiarity is the main ingredient in knowing your beer .

In fairness , six of nine testers identified Pyramid Hefeweizen as a Hefe , and six recognized Full Sail ESB as a bitter .
in fairness , six of nine testers [recognized] pyramid hefeweizen as a hefe , and six recognized full sail esb as a bitter .

Do n't expect him to say , `` I apologize for all the confusion , like not bothering to get in touch with the scientist who first identified the disease . ''
do n't expect him to say , `` i apologize for all the confusion , like not bothering to get in touch with the scientist who first [recognized] the disease . ''

Oddly , neither the Times nor Time identified Steele as the recipient of tabloid cash , even though the National Enquirer paid her $ 7,000 for a photo of Willey and Clinton .
oddly , neither the times nor time [recognized] steele as the recipient of tabloid cash , even though the national enquirer paid her $ 7,000 for a photo of willey and clinton .

A Lauren clone ( read : `` khakis '' ) at the outset , he identified an underserved fashion niche -- urban black America , which was drawn to Lauren 's WASPy abstractions but alienated by their overstated inaccessibility .
a lauren clone ( read : `` khakis '' ) at the outset , he [recognized] an underserved fashion niche -- urban black america , which was drawn to lauren 's waspy abstractions but alienated by their overstated inaccessibility .

When I reached Hatfield at his publisher 's office , he told me that these sources are all old friends who have contemporaneous , independent knowledge of the alleged arrest , but that none would provide specifics for fear of being identified by Bush .
when i reached hatfield at his publisher 's office , he told me that these sources are all old friends who have contemporaneous , independent knowledge of the alleged arrest , but that none would provide specifics for fear of being [recognized] by bush .

There was an outrageous error in the links for the article , which identified the Alan Guttmacher Institute as `` nonpartisan . ''
there was an outrageous error in the links for the article , which [recognized] the alan guttmacher institute as `` nonpartisan . ''

No proposal has ever identified clear savings for taxpayers from eliminating the DOE -- at least , none that rivals the billions the department saved under the Clinton administration ( by undertaking contract reform , cutting waste , privatizing , and streamlining operations ) .
no proposal has ever [recognized] clear savings for taxpayers from eliminating the doe -- at least , none that rivals the billions the department saved under the clinton administration ( by undertaking contract reform , cutting waste , privatizing , and streamlining operations ) .

TV reporters and analysts repeatedly identified conservative ideologues with the impeachment inquiry .
tv reporters and analysts repeatedly [recognized] conservative ideologues with the impeachment inquiry .

All these qualities critics have identified as traits of the Great European Novel mixed with magical realism are also the traits of the cool , alienated , allusion-dropping singer-songwriter .
all these qualities critics have [recognized] as traits of the great european novel mixed with magical realism are also the traits of the cool , alienated , allusion-dropping singer-songwriter .

You have maintained that any communications from you or your deputy , Jackie Bennett -- who has been identified as your conduit to the press -- were completely proper .
you have maintained that any communications from you or your deputy , jackie bennett -- who has been [recognized] as your conduit to the press -- were completely proper .

Underplayed : Scientists at Rutgers University claim to have identified a chemical that causes female orgasms .
underplayed : scientists at rutgers university claim to have [recognized] a chemical that causes female orgasms .

Scientists have identified another obesity gene .
scientists have [recognized] another obesity gene .

Early reports indicate the man , identified as Ahmed Mustafa , was deranged .
early reports indicate the man , [recognized] as ahmed mustafa , was deranged .

The idea is to incorporate certain sociological background factors -- such as English is n't his/her first language , he/she went to a crappy high school , is from a poor family etc. -- about the student , to come up with a likely score range for him or her , and if the person 's actual score exceeds the likely one by at least 200 points , then the applicant is identified by admissions personnel as in the valued category of `` Striver . ''
the idea is to incorporate certain sociological background factors -- such as english is n't his/her first language , he/she went to a crappy high school , is from a poor family etc. -- about the student , to come up with a likely score range for him or her , and if the person 's actual score exceeds the likely one by at least 200 points , then the applicant is [recognized] by admissions personnel as in the valued category of `` striver . ''

You have to pity Messinger -- first because the brand of liberalism she is identified with was the universal philosophy of the city 's elite until a few years ago , and second because nobody 's listening to the second thoughts she 's been having about it .
you have to pity messinger -- first because the brand of liberalism she is [recognized] with was the universal philosophy of the city 's elite until a few years ago , and second because nobody 's listening to the second thoughts she 's been having about it .

Before El Niño was identified , weather consisted of a series of little mysteries : Why is there a thunderstorm ?
before el niño was [recognized] , weather consisted of a series of little mysteries : why is there a thunderstorm ?

I identified the contents of each glass with a label , stretching plastic wrap over the tops to prevent aromas from escaping .
i [recognized] the contents of each glass with a label , stretching plastic wrap over the tops to prevent aromas from escaping .

Horton told Playboy magazine in 1989 that a woman who identified herself as working for `` an organization affiliated with the Bush campaign '' phoned him and wrote letters to him up in prison trying to get him to endorse Dukakis .
horton told playboy magazine in 1989 that a woman who [recognized] herself as working for `` an organization affiliated with the bush campaign '' phoned him and wrote letters to him up in prison trying to get him to endorse dukakis .

Only one Hong Kong family was identified as having eaten chicken for the traditional Chinese `` winter solstice '' celebration Dec. 25 , but many other chickens were reported to have been bought , though not eaten , as `` traditional offerings to the gods . ''
only one hong kong family was [recognized] as having eaten chicken for the traditional chinese `` winter solstice '' celebration dec. 25 , but many other chickens were reported to have been bought , though not eaten , as `` traditional offerings to the gods . ''

This was proved Wednesday in New Delhi 's Asian Age , which carried a cartoon showing a sick-looking fellow identified as the Indian `` coalition government '' being addressed by a doctor holding a phallic , rocketlike object labeled `` nuclear test . ''
this was proved wednesday in new delhi 's asian age , which carried a cartoon showing a sick-looking fellow [recognized] as the indian `` coalition government '' being addressed by a doctor holding a phallic , rocketlike object labeled `` nuclear test . ''

The prankster was never identified .
the prankster was never [recognized] .

The stratagem allows both donors and political parties to spend on their pet causes without being identified ( unlike political parties , interest groups do n't have to disclose their money sources ) .
the stratagem allows both donors and political parties to spend on their pet causes without being [recognized] ( unlike political parties , interest groups do n't have to disclose their money sources ) .

The printing technology company Presstek Inc. is suing three people it identified as short-sellers of its stock , who , Presstek says , posted defamatory and inaccurate statements about the company in various online chat groups in an attempt to drive down the stock price .
the printing technology company presstek inc. is suing three people it [recognized] as short-sellers of its stock , who , presstek says , posted defamatory and inaccurate statements about the company in various online chat groups in an attempt to drive down the stock price .

The C-SPAN caller who got all this started identified himself as the columnist `` HC '' from a satirical Website called C3F .
the c-span caller who got all this started [recognized] himself as the columnist `` hc '' from a satirical website called c3f .

None of these banks , nor previously identified ones like the Bank of New York , are accused of wrongdoing , although USAT mentions , as does a front-page NYT reefer , that in congressional testimony Wednesday , the BoNY CEO said some of his bank 's employees used poor judgment .
none of these banks , nor previously [recognized] ones like the bank of new york , are accused of wrongdoing , although usat mentions , as does a front-page nyt reefer , that in congressional testimony wednesday , the bony ceo said some of his bank 's employees used poor judgment .

Until the spring of 1991 , she says , she 'd basically identified with men .
until the spring of 1991 , she says , she 'd basically [recognized] with men .

The heroes of his early stories , from the 1940s and '50s , tend to be poor , inarticulate shopkeepers and workers ( tailors , grocers , shoemakers , census-takers -- Malamud almost always identified his characters by profession , in a bow to the proletarianism of the '30s ) , New York Jews mostly , whose rough outer appearances suddenly fall away to reveal inner souls of the purest lyrical passion .
the heroes of his early stories , from the 1940s and '50s , tend to be poor , inarticulate shopkeepers and workers ( tailors , grocers , shoemakers , census-takers -- malamud almost always [recognized] his characters by profession , in a bow to the proletarianism of the '30s ) , new york jews mostly , whose rough outer appearances suddenly fall away to reveal inner souls of the purest lyrical passion .

In a recent Gallup poll , New York was identified as the city that Americans would most like to live in .
in a recent gallup poll , new york was [recognized] as the city that americans would most like to live in .

The 10-year Texas House veteran has a strong track record on the issue : Not only did he make it his priority during his tenure in the Legislature and through 12 years as a school-board member before that , but he has also identified it as a key issue in the second round of campaigning ahead of the runoff .
the 10-year texas house veteran has a strong track record on the issue : not only did he make it his priority during his tenure in the legislature and through 12 years as a school-board member before that , but he has also [recognized] it as a key issue in the second round of campaigning ahead of the runoff .

As Rodriguez walks down the hall , he is identified first by name , then as the person who `` led the fight to improve south Texas colleges and universities . ''
as rodriguez walks down the hall , he is [recognized] first by name , then as the person who `` led the fight to improve south texas colleges and universities . ''

A team of virologists at the University of Michigan Medical Center in Ann Arbor has reportedly identified Ebola 's molecular attack strategy and is hoping to exploit it to battle heart disease and cancer .
a team of virologists at the university of michigan medical center in ann arbor has reportedly [recognized] ebola 's molecular attack strategy and is hoping to exploit it to battle heart disease and cancer .

Focus groups have identified this as a pet consumer peeve , and Take A Stand urges viewers to do just that .
focus groups have [recognized] this as a pet consumer peeve , and take a stand urges viewers to do just that .

Foster -- who also analyzed Primary Colors last year and accurately identified Joe Klein as the author -- discovered the elegy in 1984 and , in last October 's issue of PMLA , wrote that it `` is formed from textual and linguistic fabric indistinguishable from that of canonical Shakespeare . ''
foster -- who also analyzed primary colors last year and accurately [recognized] joe klein as the author -- discovered the elegy in 1984 and , in last october 's issue of pmla , wrote that it `` is formed from textual and linguistic fabric indistinguishable from that of canonical shakespeare . ''

The plaintiffs claim Penrose 's design is distinguished by its aperiodicity ( the pattern almost but never quite repeats itself ) and its five-fold symmetry ( a trait that at the time was thought not to exist in nature but has since been identified in certain crystal formations ) .
the plaintiffs claim penrose 's design is distinguished by its aperiodicity ( the pattern almost but never quite repeats itself ) and its five-fold symmetry ( a trait that at the time was thought not to exist in nature but has since been [recognized] in certain crystal formations ) .

Patrick has correctly identified a masterpiece of spiterature : literature as a projectile of spit , composed in the spirit of spite .
patrick has correctly [recognized] a masterpiece of spiterature : literature as a projectile of spit , composed in the spirit of spite .

Professor Tom Stevens of the University of Massachusetts is identified in the Times as an environmentalist who is skeptical of the concept of existence value .
professor tom stevens of the university of massachusetts is [recognized] in the times as an environmentalist who is skeptical of the concept of existence value .

An essay explains why young women identified with Diana .
an essay explains why young women [recognized] with diana .

Interesting details : Capote met Kansas cops wearing nothing but a lacy pink negligee ; Capote identified with murderer Perry Smith ; female writer Harper Lee ( To Kill a Mockingbird ) acted as Capote 's bodyguard during his Kansas visits .
interesting details : capote met kansas cops wearing nothing but a lacy pink negligee ; capote [recognized] with murderer perry smith ; female writer harper lee ( to kill a mockingbird ) acted as capote 's bodyguard during his kansas visits .

The coverage plays into Washington 's unfortunate preference for politics over substance : there is n't a word about those international family planning organizations ( none are even identified ) and to what extent they facilitate abortions .
the coverage plays into washington 's unfortunate preference for politics over substance : there is n't a word about those international family planning organizations ( none are even [recognized] ) and to what extent they facilitate abortions .

Incidentally , Brock writes that he did n't think `` Paula '' ( he did n't use her last name ) could ever have been identified .
incidentally , brock writes that he did n't think `` paula '' ( he did n't use her last name ) could ever have been [recognized] .

The WP reports that many bank stocks soared on the merger news , while the LAT identified more with customers and employees than shareholders , going high in its story with concerns that the BankAmerica/NationsBank deal would lead to higher fees and could eliminate 8,000 jobs .
the wp reports that many bank stocks soared on the merger news , while the lat [recognized] more with customers and employees than shareholders , going high in its story with concerns that the bankamerica/nationsbank deal would lead to higher fees and could eliminate 8,000 jobs .

With its outward imagery , Gillette is trying to evoke a midcentury aesthetic of progress identified with military might , brute force , and speed .
with its outward imagery , gillette is trying to evoke a midcentury aesthetic of progress [recognized] with military might , brute force , and speed .

The dilemma Loury identified so clearly 22 years ago remains not only unresolved but also unconfronted .
the dilemma loury [recognized] so clearly 22 years ago remains not only unresolved but also unconfronted .

When Pollak turns to Bettelheim 's career at the Orthogenic School , he indicts the psychoanalyst for wholesale abuse of power and implies a facile symmetry : This camp victim identified with the aggressors , and went on to become a Gestapo figure in his own well-barricaded fortress .
when pollak turns to bettelheim 's career at the orthogenic school , he indicts the psychoanalyst for wholesale abuse of power and implies a facile symmetry : this camp victim [recognized] with the aggressors , and went on to become a gestapo figure in his own well-barricaded fortress .

Perhaps he had so thoroughly identified his art at this point with French national traditions -- was he not the legitimate heir of Courbet ? -- that he hardly imagined himself to be a potential victim .
perhaps he had so thoroughly [recognized] his art at this point with french national traditions -- was he not the legitimate heir of courbet ? -- that he hardly imagined himself to be a potential victim .

Once I identified the bird , the drawings in bird books and my own sense of order arranged the image , and made it clearer to me , and I never forgot it .
once i [recognized] the bird , the drawings in bird books and my own sense of order arranged the image , and made it clearer to me , and i never forgot it .

Having identified the Evil in particular , Gaddis widens his argument to identify the Evil in general : the Soviet system .
having [recognized] the evil in particular , gaddis widens his argument to identify the evil in general : the soviet system .

The American painter Eric Fischl ( as reported in Timothy Hyman 's excellent new study of Bonnard ) has identified the partially concealed hands of Bonnard jutting into this painting , offering up a red-stained ( sanitary ? )
the american painter eric fischl ( as reported in timothy hyman 's excellent new study of bonnard ) has [recognized] the partially concealed hands of bonnard jutting into this painting , offering up a red-stained ( sanitary ? )

One of the drawings on view at MoMA is a diagram of the races , with the Jews identified as `` circumscised [ sic ] cut off from Earth . ''
one of the drawings on view at moma is a diagram of the races , with the jews [recognized] as `` circumscised [ sic ] cut off from earth . ''

According to the story , Bradley has successfully `` identified several glaring misstatements or distortions by the vice president . ''
according to the story , bradley has successfully `` [recognized] several glaring misstatements or distortions by the vice president . ''

German campaign-finance law places no limit on contributions to parties , requiring only that donors of more than 20,000 deutsche marks ( $ 10,500 ) per year be identified in an annual report to parliament .
german campaign-finance law places no limit on contributions to parties , requiring only that donors of more than 20,000 deutsche marks ( $ 10,500 ) per year be [recognized] in an annual report to parliament .

The USAT lead explains the need to replace the current patchwork paper-and-pencil-and-phone disease-reporting system : Thirty-five new infectious diseases have been identified since 1973 , while some older ones have been reincarnated as drug-resistant superbugs .
the usat lead explains the need to replace the current patchwork paper-and-pencil-and-phone disease-reporting system : thirty-five new infectious diseases have been [recognized] since 1973 , while some older ones have been reincarnated as drug-resistant superbugs .

On the site 's `` Conception '' page , the world 's oldest father is identified as Leslie Colley , a retired Australian mineworker who sired a son named Oswald in 1992 .
on the site 's `` conception '' page , the world 's oldest father is [recognized] as leslie colley , a retired australian mineworker who sired a son named oswald in 1992 .

The child is identified through physical and mental tests , including familiarity with the previous leader 's belongings . )
the child is [recognized] through physical and mental tests , including familiarity with the previous leader 's belongings . )

The paper reveals the man was never identified and the materials were never recovered .
the paper reveals the man was never [recognized] and the materials were never recovered .

The convicted woman , identified only as Nalini , was the `` back-up human bomb '' who stood ready to kill herself with Gandhi if the first suicide bomber failed .
the convicted woman , [recognized] only as nalini , was the `` back-up human bomb '' who stood ready to kill herself with gandhi if the first suicide bomber failed .

The team has identified 535 genes of the 1,000 or so thought to be on No .
the team has [recognized] 535 genes of the 1,000 or so thought to be on no .

In producing the number of uninvestigated cases , the study compared the number of cases identified by professionals with those known to local agencies .
in producing the number of uninvestigated cases , the study compared the number of cases [recognized] by professionals with those known to local agencies .

While four witnesses testified that Hill had told them in vague , general terms of being sexually harassed , only one of them ( Hill 's friend Susan Hoerchner ) said Hill had identified Thomas as the harasser .
while four witnesses testified that hill had told them in vague , general terms of being sexually harassed , only one of them ( hill 's friend susan hoerchner ) said hill had [recognized] thomas as the harasser .

The CMP researchers have identified a way for an aristocracy to be sustained indefinitely .
the cmp researchers have [recognized] a way for an aristocracy to be sustained indefinitely .

The first is a fairly technical ( though consequential ) analytical flaw , first identified in another context by Richard Dawkins and labeled `` Washburn 's fallacy . ''
the first is a fairly technical ( though consequential ) analytical flaw , first [recognized] in another context by richard dawkins and labeled `` washburn 's fallacy . ''

Colin Powell , Richard Holbrooke , and former Time Editor Henry Grunwald have identified the Führer as the century 's most influential person , and in Time 's online poll ( with 4.5 million votes cast ) , Hitler is in third place for POC , trailing only Elvis Presley and Yitzhak Rabin .
colin powell , richard holbrooke , and former time editor henry grunwald have [recognized] the führer as the century 's most influential person , and in time 's online poll ( with 4.5 million votes cast ) , hitler is in third place for poc , trailing only elvis presley and yitzhak rabin .

The line was identified by a student , who publicized the transgression in an Internet chat room and sent a letter to the school of communications ' dean .
the line was [recognized] by a student , who publicized the transgression in an internet chat room and sent a letter to the school of communications ' dean .

They wo n't be satisfied -- and wo n't relax -- until they 've identified his flaws .
they wo n't be satisfied -- and wo n't relax -- until they 've [recognized] his flaws .

Florin Kulaj , commander of the KLA 's 850-strong 136 th Brigade , as saying that he had identified ground targets for NATO attacks , such as a bridge used by Serb forces , which had been bombed on Wednesday .
florin kulaj , commander of the kla 's 850-strong 136 th brigade , as saying that he had [recognized] ground targets for nato attacks , such as a bridge used by serb forces , which had been bombed on wednesday .

While it is true that films such as Blackboard Jungle , The Wild One , East of Eden , and Rebel Without a Cause tapped into the baby boom audience , the teen demographic was identified at Warner Bros. in the 1930s with the popular films starring the Dead End Kids .
while it is true that films such as blackboard jungle , the wild one , east of eden , and rebel without a cause tapped into the baby boom audience , the teen demographic was [recognized] at warner bros. in the 1930s with the popular films starring the dead end kids .

In the context of the play , the most prominent emotions it arouses are the ones Aristotle identified as the essence of tragedy : pity and fear .
in the context of the play , the most prominent emotions it arouses are the ones aristotle [recognized] as the essence of tragedy : pity and fear .

They identified with the displaced Kosovars , comparing them to the Jews of the Holocaust .
they [recognized] with the displaced kosovars , comparing them to the jews of the holocaust .

Fact : As I wrote , quoting the transcript of May 11 , Matthews identified Cody Shearer by name the night Willey appeared .
fact : as i wrote , quoting the transcript of may 11 , matthews [recognized] cody shearer by name the night willey appeared .

You have definitely identified a problem for the '90s .
you have definitely [recognized] a problem for the '90s .

Gambling did not become an issue until 1979 , when the Seminole tribe of Florida identified bingo as a means of alleviating poverty on the reservation .
gambling did not become an issue until 1979 , when the seminole tribe of florida [recognized] bingo as a means of alleviating poverty on the reservation .

Barbara Boxer and Dianne Feinstein of California , Sen. Daniel Patrick Moynihan of New York , and Rep. Nancy Pelosi of California , all Democrats , plus two others not yet identified . )
barbara boxer and dianne feinstein of california , sen. daniel patrick moynihan of new york , and rep. nancy pelosi of california , all democrats , plus two others not yet [recognized] . )

In Chile , more than 900 victims of ex-dictator Augusto Pinochet 's regime have been dug up and identified .
in chile , more than 900 victims of ex-dictator augusto pinochet 's regime have been dug up and [recognized] .

The Progressive Policy Institute 's Rob Shapiro , who invented the concept of corporate welfare before Reich gave it a name , has identified $ 300 billion worth .
the progressive policy institute 's rob shapiro , who invented the concept of corporate welfare before reich gave it a name , has [recognized] $ 300 billion worth .

Bennett 's only accomplishment was a rather dubious one : getting the Times to violate its own standards of fairness by printing a nasty smear -- an unspecified allegation from an unnamed accuser , passed along by an anonymous , if easily identified , source .
bennett 's only accomplishment was a rather dubious one : getting the times to violate its own standards of fairness by printing a nasty smear -- an unspecified allegation from an unnamed accuser , passed along by an anonymous , if easily [recognized] , source .

Conveniently , this `` third-party verifier , '' the reliably conservative Washington Times , is never identified .
conveniently , this `` third-party verifier , '' the reliably conservative washington times , is never [recognized] .

Analysts have identified four schools of thought , in ascending order of laxity : 1 ) The Marine Corps , which is resisting the loosening of standards because , in the words of a spokesman , `` If you ca n't trust the Marine next to you to remain faithful , how can you trust him on the battlefield ? ''
analysts have [recognized] four schools of thought , in ascending order of laxity : 1 ) the marine corps , which is resisting the loosening of standards because , in the words of a spokesman , `` if you ca n't trust the marine next to you to remain faithful , how can you trust him on the battlefield ? ''

In a world without textile or clothing markets , each piece of weaving was like a family meal or a home performance of music , available to anyone present but the property of no one person , never bought or sold , always identified with the one who had created it inside that house .
in a world without textile or clothing markets , each piece of weaving was like a family meal or a home performance of music , available to anyone present but the property of no one person , never bought or sold , always [recognized] with the one who had created it inside that house .

Their task : To ask people on the street if certain well-known phrases from the Bible -- not identified as such , of course -- struck them as being in any way familiar ; and , if the phrases were familiar , to ask the respondents to name the provenance .
their task : to ask people on the street if certain well-known phrases from the bible -- not [recognized] as such , of course -- struck them as being in any way familiar ; and , if the phrases were familiar , to ask the respondents to name the provenance .

Readers will be forgiven for wondering whether the firing has anything to do with a splashy New York Times front-page story that appeared two days before and identified ( but did not name ) a Los Alamos scientist who was believed to have passed along nuclear secrets to the Chinese .
readers will be forgiven for wondering whether the firing has anything to do with a splashy new york times front-page story that appeared two days before and [recognized] ( but did not name ) a los alamos scientist who was believed to have passed along nuclear secrets to the chinese .

According to the NYT , the nun who identified herself as the temple treasurer said that when she oversaw the collection from nuns of checks made out to the `` DNC '' totaling $ 55,000 , she did n't know what `` DNC '' stood for .
according to the nyt , the nun who [recognized] herself as the temple treasurer said that when she oversaw the collection from nuns of checks made out to the `` dnc '' totaling $ 55,000 , she did n't know what `` dnc '' stood for .

Doctors in the survey only identified 20 percent of the heart problems that can be routinely diagnosed via the instrument .
doctors in the survey only [recognized] 20 percent of the heart problems that can be routinely diagnosed via the instrument .

Naturally these others insisted on not being identified , but there are three of them -- all in a position to know .
naturally these others insisted on not being [recognized] , but there are three of them -- all in a position to know .

While four other witnesses criticized the duplicity of `` pro-drug '' forces and the naiveté of the voters , Romley bluntly identified the central choices facing law enforcement : go after doctors , federalize marijuana enforcement , go to court , and get a strategy .
while four other witnesses criticized the duplicity of `` pro-drug '' forces and the naiveté of the voters , romley bluntly [recognized] the central choices facing law enforcement : go after doctors , federalize marijuana enforcement , go to court , and get a strategy .

Last year the DNC fully identified only 65 percent of its donors .
last year the dnc fully [recognized] only 65 percent of its donors .

Identified only as `` Paula '' in the story , she was described by one trooper as offering to become Clinton 's girlfriend after their encounter .
[recognized] only as `` paula '' in the story , she was described by one trooper as offering to become clinton 's girlfriend after their encounter .

Another site claims , somewhat more gently , that the `` mysterious Hebrew codes '' have identified Jesus as the Messiah .
another site claims , somewhat more gently , that the `` mysterious hebrew codes '' have [recognized] jesus as the messiah .

The Post mentioned as an example Mari Masing Will , who it identified as Bob Dole 's 1996 communications director .
the post mentioned as an example mari masing will , who it [recognized] as bob dole 's 1996 communications director .

The paper adds that many African nations are n't happy to be identified as the original source of a viral plague that 's infected 34 million people .
the paper adds that many african nations are n't happy to be [recognized] as the original source of a viral plague that 's infected 34 million people .

The National Security Agency has , according to the WP , identified and responded to a new potential threat to its supersupersupersecret spy operations .
the national security agency has , according to the wp , [recognized] and responded to a new potential threat to its supersupersupersecret spy operations .

Everybody notes that the twelfth American victim identified was the consul general at the Nairobi Embassy , Julian Bartley , whose 20-year-old son also perished .
everybody notes that the twelfth american victim [recognized] was the consul general at the nairobi embassy , julian bartley , whose 20-year-old son also perished .

The NYT front reports that financial settlements have been reached in a case in which without permission or legal sanction , America Online identified to a Navy investigator an active-duty sailor whose on-line profile suggested he was gay .
the nyt front reports that financial settlements have been reached in a case in which without permission or legal sanction , america online [recognized] to a navy investigator an active-duty sailor whose on-line profile suggested he was gay .

Albania has become something of a terrorist hotbed in recent months : The three ( NYT ) or four ( WP ) Egyptians arrested there during June and July have been identified as likely affiliates of Saudi terrorist financier Osama Bin Ladin , whose name has surfaced repeatedly in connection with the Africa bombings .
albania has become something of a terrorist hotbed in recent months : the three ( nyt ) or four ( wp ) egyptians arrested there during june and july have been [recognized] as likely affiliates of saudi terrorist financier osama bin ladin , whose name has surfaced repeatedly in connection with the africa bombings .

Citing a Judaic law-book of the 16th century which identified a woman for the days preceding , during , and following her period as niddah ` impure , ' Miles has the lack of taste to write the following : .
citing a judaic law-book of the 16th century which [recognized] a woman for the days preceding , during , and following her period as niddah ` impure , ' miles has the lack of taste to write the following : .

According to Campbell , the only godlike female figure in the Bible is the Virgin Mary , and she appears , identified as virgin , only in the Gospel according to Luke .
according to campbell , the only godlike female figure in the bible is the virgin mary , and she appears , [recognized] as virgin , only in the gospel according to luke .

If there is something wrong , it behooves us to get at the roots of the problem , not to flail about wildly , for only after the source of a disease has been identified can one properly investigate its cure .
if there is something wrong , it behooves us to get at the roots of the problem , not to flail about wildly , for only after the source of a disease has been [recognized] can one properly investigate its cure .

Another significant break-through was that of Michael Ventris ( 1922-1956 ) , who deciphered the Linear B script found on Crete and identified it as an early form of Greek .
another significant break-through was that of michael ventris ( 1922-1956 ) , who deciphered the linear b script found on crete and [recognized] it as an early form of greek .

By 1803 the unoccupied land is so designated and before 1820 the settled districts or settled lands are so identified .
by 1803 the unoccupied land is so designated and before 1820 the settled districts or settled lands are so [recognized] .

Wilkinson , identified as having studied Classics , Old English , and Old Norse at Cambridge , worked as a Forestry Commission woodman , an occupation that evidently afforded him the time and solitude required to concentrate on compiling and writing such a work , though no indication is given of how long he took to complete it .
wilkinson , [recognized] as having studied classics , old english , and old norse at cambridge , worked as a forestry commission woodman , an occupation that evidently afforded him the time and solitude required to concentrate on compiling and writing such a work , though no indication is given of how long he took to complete it .

You can lay claim to an entire slogan if it has become widely enough identified with your product , but the courts do not let you monopolize the language .
you can lay claim to an entire slogan if it has become widely enough [recognized] with your product , but the courts do not let you monopolize the language .

It was 1972 before the linguist John Haviland identified the word in the Queensland language Guugu Yimidhirr , where it denoted a particular species of kangaroo and evidenced the fineness of distinction that characterizes Aboriginal languages .
it was 1972 before the linguist john haviland [recognized] the word in the queensland language guugu yimidhirr , where it denoted a particular species of kangaroo and evidenced the fineness of distinction that characterizes aboriginal languages .

In their world , nothing and no one is ever specifically identified or accurately described .
in their world , nothing and no one is ever specifically [recognized] or accurately described .

At least I thought so years ago when I identified with youth .
at least i thought so years ago when i [recognized] with youth .

In one such title , Prince Andrew 's father-in-law was identified as Furguson ; in another , the site of Prince Charles 's wedding was identified as St. Pauls [ sic ] Carhederal [ sic ] .
in one such title , prince andrew 's father-in-law was [recognized] as furguson ; in another , the site of prince charles 's wedding was [recognized] as st. pauls [ sic ] carhederal [ sic ] .

This feature has already been demonstrated in the very first example ( the cock that crows ) and also in clue F. Clue J offers two further instances : at first reading , changed is suggestive of being a past tense but after analysis it is identified as a past participle ( serving as an anagram flag ) ; likewise , quarterly shifts from adverb to noun .
this feature has already been demonstrated in the very first example ( the cock that crows ) and also in clue f. clue j offers two further instances : at first reading , changed is suggestive of being a past tense but after analysis it is [recognized] as a past participle ( serving as an anagram flag ) ; likewise , quarterly shifts from adverb to noun .

Another objection is that the terms identified as Australian are not , necessarily , exclusively so .
another objection is that the terms [recognized] as australian are not , necessarily , exclusively so .

For example , serviette , scone , sheila , sister , Smarties , spanner , spot on , squash , starkers , just to pick a handful , are Briticisms ; although the author makes that clear , it seems odd that the words and expressions that are direct borrowings from British English are not individually identified as such .
for example , serviette , scone , sheila , sister , smarties , spanner , spot on , squash , starkers , just to pick a handful , are briticisms ; although the author makes that clear , it seems odd that the words and expressions that are direct borrowings from british english are not individually [recognized] as such .

Poking and prodding at contemporary speech and writing , feminists condemn the use of a term identified with one sex or gender to designate all humanity .
poking and prodding at contemporary speech and writing , feminists condemn the use of a term [recognized] with one sex or gender to designate all humanity .

Identified by early feminist linguist Robin Lakoff , women 's frequent use of tag endings has been both discounted by some but not all empirical studies and re-examined by other studies that distinguish different kinds of tag endings used by men and women .
[recognized] by early feminist linguist robin lakoff , women 's frequent use of tag endings has been both discounted by some but not all empirical studies and re-examined by other studies that distinguish different kinds of tag endings used by men and women .

Woolf identified but did not describe “ a woman 's sentence ” and , in the same text , wrote of women ancestors ( for example , Shakespeare 's putative sister ) who was silent , silenced by a society dominated by men .
woolf [recognized] but did not describe “ a woman 's sentence ” and , in the same text , wrote of women ancestors ( for example , shakespeare 's putative sister ) who was silent , silenced by a society dominated by men .

In both cases , the point is exactly opposite that identified by Graham : it is the position , institution , authority , etc .
in both cases , the point is exactly opposite that [recognized] by graham : it is the position , institution , authority , etc .

Names of flora and fauna , names of implements , especially weapons , a few miscellaneous names of dwellings , ceremonies , people identified by sex or activity , striking features of the environment , and a handful of pidgin terms suggestive of an only rudimentary communicative exchange .
names of flora and fauna , names of implements , especially weapons , a few miscellaneous names of dwellings , ceremonies , people [recognized] by sex or activity , striking features of the environment , and a handful of pidgin terms suggestive of an only rudimentary communicative exchange .

Two of the small number of birds identified were the boobook , an omnipresent owl , and the currawong , a large , crowlike bird whose curiosity would have brought it to notice .
two of the small number of birds [recognized] were the boobook , an omnipresent owl , and the currawong , a large , crowlike bird whose curiosity would have brought it to notice .

When it came to plants , the same sort of criteria were observed : the waratah , a strikingly beautiful red flower which has become the floral emblem of New South Wales , was soon identified , as were the burrawang , a palmlike plant very common in the coastal forests , and the kurrajong , a plant that yields a useful fibre .
when it came to plants , the same sort of criteria were observed : the waratah , a strikingly beautiful red flower which has become the floral emblem of new south wales , was soon [recognized] , as were the burrawang , a palmlike plant very common in the coastal forests , and the kurrajong , a plant that yields a useful fibre .

Unless ostensive objects are thus pointed to and identified , how could anyone ever learn their names ? )
unless ostensive objects are thus pointed to and [recognized] , how could anyone ever learn their names ? )

The metal was identified in 1808 by Sir Humphry Davy , who originally named it alumium , based on Latin alumen , and alum , oxides and sulphates of aluminum , respectively , which were known to the ancients .
the metal was [recognized] in 1808 by sir humphry davy , who originally named it alumium , based on latin alumen , and alum , oxides and sulphates of aluminum , respectively , which were known to the ancients .

Foreign speakers of English can quickly be identified with one or two key sounds : a v for a w suggests a German , a z for a th pin-points a French speaker .
foreign speakers of english can quickly be [recognized] with one or two key sounds : a v for a w suggests a german , a z for a th pin-points a french speaker .

Whereas uninvited sexual advances can be identified by both parties before they occur , unwanted sexual advances are presumably identifiable by one party only after they occur , i.e. , when they have been rejected .
whereas uninvited sexual advances can be [recognized] by both parties before they occur , unwanted sexual advances are presumably identifiable by one party only after they occur , i.e. , when they have been rejected .

It is surprisingly hard to think up any letters that do not come from these easily identified sources .
it is surprisingly hard to think up any letters that do not come from these easily [recognized] sources .

Older dictionaries labeled the term Jewess as offensive , but I have heard Jewish women refer to themselves using the word , evidently oblivious to what lexicographers identified as insulting .
older dictionaries labeled the term jewess as offensive , but i have heard jewish women refer to themselves using the word , evidently oblivious to what lexicographers [recognized] as insulting .

Further on in the Preface one reads that “ major collections of wellerisms in some of the European languages are readily available ” and the implication that what we have here is representative of the “ rich British and American materials. ” According to the OED , a wellerism is “ a form of comparison in which a familiar saying or proverb is identified , often punningly , with what was said by someone in a specified but humorously inapposite situation. ” It is on a par with the literal interpretation of idioms , as in the cartoon of someone puffing on a chain with the caption “ Chainsmoker . ”
further on in the preface one reads that “ major collections of wellerisms in some of the european languages are readily available ” and the implication that what we have here is representative of the “ rich british and american materials. ” according to the oed , a wellerism is “ a form of comparison in which a familiar saying or proverb is [recognized] , often punningly , with what was said by someone in a specified but humorously inapposite situation. ” it is on a par with the literal interpretation of idioms , as in the cartoon of someone puffing on a chain with the caption “ chainsmoker . ”

Once identified , the procedure for treating measles is well established .
once [recognized] , the procedure for treating measles is well established .

Membership in the Indoor Bird Watchers is granted to those who have identified the following birds through the bottom of a Martini glass , while seated -- The Extra-Marital Lark , the Great American Regret , the Morning Grouse , the After-Dinner Pee Wee , the Double-Breasted Seersucker , and the Rosy-Breasted Pushover .
membership in the indoor bird watchers is granted to those who have [recognized] the following birds through the bottom of a martini glass , while seated -- the extra-marital lark , the great american regret , the morning grouse , the after-dinner pee wee , the double-breasted seersucker , and the rosy-breasted pushover .

The editors of the book identified and acquired several government databases of place names , including , of course , the GNIS mentioned above .
the editors of the book [recognized] and acquired several government databases of place names , including , of course , the gnis mentioned above .

In the August 8 edition , a photo of famed Nazi hunter Simon Wiesenthal was incorrectly identified as Dr Josef Mengele .
in the august 8 edition , a photo of famed nazi hunter simon wiesenthal was incorrectly [recognized] as dr josef mengele .

There may have been superstitious reasons for this , connected with name-magic beliefs whereby the use of a living person 's name would deprive him of his soul , but the practical result was that everyone was conveniently identified by a single name .
there may have been superstitious reasons for this , connected with name-magic beliefs whereby the use of a living person 's name would deprive him of his soul , but the practical result was that everyone was conveniently [recognized] by a single name .

Most of the elements discovered in the first exuberant wave of Enlightenment chemistry bear abbreviations close to their actual names : Ni for nickel , first identified in 1751 ( an abbreviation of German Kupfernickel , copper-demon , so called because miners first noticed it as a stubborn adulterant of copper ore ) , Al for aluminum—spelled alumin i um in the British Commonwealth nations ( named in 1825 from Latin alumen , astringent substance ) , Co for cobalt ( isolated in 1735 ; the name is a variant of German Kobold , a kind of imp ) .
most of the elements discovered in the first exuberant wave of enlightenment chemistry bear abbreviations close to their actual names : ni for nickel , first [recognized] in 1751 ( an abbreviation of german kupfernickel , copper-demon , so called because miners first noticed it as a stubborn adulterant of copper ore ) , al for aluminum—spelled alumin i um in the british commonwealth nations ( named in 1825 from latin alumen , astringent substance ) , co for cobalt ( isolated in 1735 ; the name is a variant of german kobold , a kind of imp ) .

Bibliographer Goldye Mohr had identified the communities we were to visit .
bibliographer goldye mohr had [recognized] the communities we were to visit .

When it came time for the midterm , several identified the poem as “ God Bless America . ”
when it came time for the midterm , several [recognized] the poem as “ god bless america . ”

I happen to be a Jew who has identified himself in the New York intellectual environment .
i happen to be a jew who has [recognized] himself in the new york intellectual environment .

I suggest only that Beale stop at the point where he has identified the origin of a given expression as American and eschew the information found in some of the secondary sources he resorted to , for they are inconsistent in their accuracy .
i suggest only that beale stop at the point where he has [recognized] the origin of a given expression as american and eschew the information found in some of the secondary sources he resorted to , for they are inconsistent in their accuracy .

Not until 1625 was groin identified as the seat of lust ( 1000 ) .
not until 1625 was groin [recognized] as the seat of lust ( 1000 ) .

Cutaneous manifestations of venereal disease have been variously identified , early as bubo ( 1398 ) , a ` swelling in the groin or axilla . '
cutaneous manifestations of venereal disease have been variously [recognized] , early as bubo ( 1398 ) , a ` swelling in the groin or axilla . '

After it has been installed , the DOS , as it is called ( once identified , nothing in computerese is ever called by its full name again : a Personal Computer becomes a PC ; a Disk Operating System becomes a DOS ; if it is made by a company called MicroSoft , it is called MS/DOS ) , performs certain functions , though rarely any that anyone but a computer specialist would want to perform .
after it has been installed , the dos , as it is called ( once [recognized] , nothing in computerese is ever called by its full name again : a personal computer becomes a pc ; a disk operating system becomes a dos ; if it is made by a company called microsoft , it is called ms/dos ) , performs certain functions , though rarely any that anyone but a computer specialist would want to perform .

Finally , it might be worth mentioning that the program has the capacity to store in a temporary memory buffer about 100 words ( proper names , for instance ) that it has identified as not stored in its dictionary .
finally , it might be worth mentioning that the program has the capacity to store in a temporary memory buffer about 100 words ( proper names , for instance ) that it has [recognized] as not stored in its dictionary .

It seems incongruous that a character on a children 's television show should be identified with such an impersonal thing .
it seems incongruous that a character on a children 's television show should be [recognized] with such an impersonal thing .

Perhaps inspired by its own acronym , ESPRIT insists that each ESPRIT project , however complex its title , choose a single-word acronym by which it may be identified ; and ESPRIT itself never refers to projects by their full names , but only by the acronyms .
perhaps inspired by its own acronym , esprit insists that each esprit project , however complex its title , choose a single-word acronym by which it may be [recognized] ; and esprit itself never refers to projects by their full names , but only by the acronyms .

As there was no accompanying article , Messrs. Mitchell and Field were not further identified , so we can assume that they are “ the ” Mr. Austin Mitchell and “ the ” Mr. Frank Field , who , of course , are known to all at the Queen Elizabeth II Conference Centre as key people involved in Challenge , or as boulevardiers famous for sporting British-made clothing and shoes .
as there was no accompanying article , messrs. mitchell and field were not further [recognized] , so we can assume that they are “ the ” mr. austin mitchell and “ the ” mr. frank field , who , of course , are known to all at the queen elizabeth ii conference centre as key people involved in challenge , or as boulevardiers famous for sporting british-made clothing and shoes .

Pretty Rachael Garley ( not “ Miss , ” “ Ms. , ” or “ Mrs. , ” mind you ) , whose name does not ring the bells in my head that are ( w ) rung by names like Marilyn Monroe , Margaret Thatcher , and Marie , Queen of Rumania , is identified as “ the ” model , as if she were being distinguished from the Rachael Garley who succeeded Sir Randolph Quirk as president of the British Academy and that other Rachael Garley whom we all know to be the ( not “ a ” ) power behind Boris Yeltsin or Saddam Husein .
pretty rachael garley ( not “ miss , ” “ ms. , ” or “ mrs. , ” mind you ) , whose name does not ring the bells in my head that are ( w ) rung by names like marilyn monroe , margaret thatcher , and marie , queen of rumania , is [recognized] as “ the ” model , as if she were being distinguished from the rachael garley who succeeded sir randolph quirk as president of the british academy and that other rachael garley whom we all know to be the ( not “ a ” ) power behind boris yeltsin or saddam husein .

Perhaps she is identified as “ the ” model just to remind us that she is an outstandingly unique and famous model , to be distinguished from what might otherwise be characterized as “ a ” model , which would make her just another one of the pack .
perhaps she is [recognized] as “ the ” model just to remind us that she is an outstandingly unique and famous model , to be distinguished from what might otherwise be characterized as “ a ” model , which would make her just another one of the pack .

Second , ( in the entry for albatross ) , Alcatraz ought to have been identified as the “ former ” prison-island ( it is still an island , of course ) , and the generalization that ail is “ virtually obsolete except in the metaphorical use of its present participial adjective ailing ... . ” fails to take account of the common expression , What ails you/ him/her/it/them ? , and fails to explain what is metaphorical about She is ailing .
second , ( in the entry for albatross ) , alcatraz ought to have been [recognized] as the “ former ” prison-island ( it is still an island , of course ) , and the generalization that ail is “ virtually obsolete except in the metaphorical use of its present participial adjective ailing ... . ” fails to take account of the common expression , what ails you/ him/her/it/them ? , and fails to explain what is metaphorical about she is ailing .

The animal was identified as the kind of monkey called in English a macaque , Italian macacco , here colloquially truncated .
the animal was [recognized] as the kind of monkey called in english a macaque , italian macacco , here colloquially truncated .

