# oof... effect and affect

In turn the other teeth are likely to decay because food particles may become impacted in them .
in turn the other teeth are likely to decay because food particles may become [affected] in them .

All four remained impacted on the sofa until he had left .
all four remained [affected] on the sofa until he had left .

The prosecution says Mrs McMullen was murdered when soil and vegetation was impacted into her mouth and she choked .
the prosecution says mrs mcmullen was murdered when soil and vegetation was [affected] into her mouth and she choked .

‘ But Hawaiian music has always been the most hybridised music in the whole Pacific , because the island was the most impacted by other people .
‘ but hawaiian music has always been the most hybridised music in the whole pacific , because the island was the most [affected] by other people .

Yes , drugs are indeed an ‘ impacted signifier ’ ; yes , American fears of intrusion and otherness are at the coreof their meaning .
yes , drugs are indeed an ‘ [affected] signifier ’ ; yes , american fears of intrusion and otherness are at the coreof their meaning .

When this ounce was available for examination Dr Macdonald selected the largest piece , the one he had spotted in the second X-ray , deeply impacted into a piece of bone and buried inside the young man 's spleen .
when this ounce was available for examination dr macdonald selected the largest piece , the one he had spotted in the second x-ray , deeply [affected] into a piece of bone and buried inside the young man 's spleen .

The tall rye in the fields either side of the road was untrampled , and the road 's crude paving of cobbles on impacted chalk and flint had no deep ruts like those made by the passage of heavy guns .
the tall rye in the fields either side of the road was untrampled , and the road 's crude paving of cobbles on [affected] chalk and flint had no deep ruts like those made by the passage of heavy guns .

As the rectum and colon become impacted with a hardened mass of faeces there is usually leakage of watery stools around the mass .
as the rectum and colon become [affected] with a hardened mass of faeces there is usually leakage of watery stools around the mass .

Overflow and constipation Once it is detected that the child is showing severe constipation it is necessary for the impacted mass of faeces to be removed before the normal elimination training can take place .
overflow and constipation once it is detected that the child is showing severe constipation it is necessary for the [affected] mass of faeces to be removed before the normal elimination training can take place .

’ These words to live by have summarily impacted universal perception of American adolescents .
’ these words to live by have summarily [affected] universal perception of american adolescents .

said the tower beside them as a spray of accelerated star discs impacted overhead .
said the tower beside them as a spray of accelerated star discs [affected] overhead .

The crystal missile impacted in a skater 's chest , and erupted .
the crystal missile [affected] in a skater 's chest , and erupted .

She had touched on the deadness in himself and this spasm of melancholy had come to torment the impacted sin of a lifetime .
she had touched on the deadness in himself and this spasm of melancholy had come to torment the [affected] sin of a lifetime .

The change process has impacted on all levels of the organization .
the change process has [affected] on all levels of the organization .

Over time , those rules will be altered : in many cases slowly as responses to gradual changes in both the society and the environment that it occupies ; in some cases rapidly , as a reaction to a sudden crisis ; and occasionally as a consequence of contact with other cultures , when changes may be either voluntarily adopted , because the impacted group has observed the benefits from doing something differently , or imposed by powerful external groups .
over time , those rules will be altered : in many cases slowly as responses to gradual changes in both the society and the environment that it occupies ; in some cases rapidly , as a reaction to a sudden crisis ; and occasionally as a consequence of contact with other cultures , when changes may be either voluntarily adopted , because the [affected] group has observed the benefits from doing something differently , or imposed by powerful external groups .

The patterns of post-war immigration provide the context in which the income trends outlined in the previous section have impacted on Black households with children .
the patterns of post-war immigration provide the context in which the income trends outlined in the previous section have [affected] on black households with children .

The executive transporter boomed like a giant bell as it impacted against the bay wall .
the executive transporter boomed like a giant bell as it [affected] against the bay wall .

Somewhere above , lightning had impacted on the building and an upper section of the staircase had collapsed in upon itself .
somewhere above , lightning had [affected] on the building and an upper section of the staircase had collapsed in upon itself .

The starting point for this was the need to decide whether the government did have a credible economic development strategy , whether there was any community focus to it , and how its various programmes impacted on communities within West Belfast .
the starting point for this was the need to decide whether the government did have a credible economic development strategy , whether there was any community focus to it , and how its various programmes [affected] on communities within west belfast .

Another photo showed that the aircraft had clipped off the tops of at least two tree before it impacted ( at an estimated 350 kts . )
another photo showed that the aircraft had clipped off the tops of at least two tree before it [affected] ( at an estimated 350 kts . )

Obviously the death of my father impacted greatly upon my childhood years .
obviously the death of my father [affected] greatly upon my childhood years .

There is no way of telling whether those ‘ hurt ’ by insider dealing are more numerous than those ‘ hurt ’ by trading before inside facts have impacted the market via ‘ legitimate ’ disclosure rules , so that investors are price-takers taking a faulty price .
there is no way of telling whether those ‘ hurt ’ by insider dealing are more numerous than those ‘ hurt ’ by trading before inside facts have [affected] the market via ‘ legitimate ’ disclosure rules , so that investors are price-takers taking a faulty price .

Now , as she impacted with the body , she felt the bones stir .
now , as she [affected] with the body , she felt the bones stir .

In patients with a stone impacted in Hartmann 's pouch or with an acute complication caused by gall stones , the gall bladder was electively decompressed by percutaneous cholecystostomy , carried out under local anaesthesia , for seven to 10 days before the stones were removed .
in patients with a stone [affected] in hartmann 's pouch or with an acute complication caused by gall stones , the gall bladder was electively decompressed by percutaneous cholecystostomy , carried out under local anaesthesia , for seven to 10 days before the stones were removed .

The procedure was staged in 14 of 16 patients with a stone impacted in Hartmann 's pouch ( six of whom presented with an acute gall bladder ) .
the procedure was staged in 14 of 16 patients with a stone [affected] in hartmann 's pouch ( six of whom presented with an acute gall bladder ) .

Unlike other non-operative treatments , a non-functioning gall bladder with a stone impacted in Hartmann 's pouch is not a contraindication to treatment and stones were removed successfully in 15 of 16 patients with a return of cystic duct patency .
unlike other non-operative treatments , a non-functioning gall bladder with a stone [affected] in hartmann 's pouch is not a contraindication to treatment and stones were removed successfully in 15 of 16 patients with a return of cystic duct patency .

After percutaneous cholecystolithotomy , the majority ( 93 % ) of gall bladders emptied satisfactorily including patients who had non-functioning gall bladders before treatment because of an acute complication or an impacted stone .
after percutaneous cholecystolithotomy , the majority ( 93 % ) of gall bladders emptied satisfactorily including patients who had non-functioning gall bladders before treatment because of an acute complication or an [affected] stone .

Sometimes an impacted basket can be delivered the next day , when the ampullary oedema subsides .
sometimes an [affected] basket can be delivered the next day , when the ampullary oedema subsides .

It is recommended that these facilities are constrained to run while the machine is lightly loaded in order that interactive usage is not impacted ; eg .
it is recommended that these facilities are constrained to run while the machine is lightly loaded in order that interactive usage is not [affected] ; eg .

This project aims to understand the variety of ways in which bus companies manage their undertakings in the context of declining patronage , with particular emphasis on the range of strategic responses made and how these have impacted upon the organisational cultures of selected bus operators .
this project aims to understand the variety of ways in which bus companies manage their undertakings in the context of declining patronage , with particular emphasis on the range of strategic responses made and how these have [affected] upon the organisational cultures of selected bus operators .

To Rincewind 's eyes the world was suddenly lit by a flickering octarine light , tinged with violet as photons impacted on the sudden magical aura .
to rincewind 's eyes the world was suddenly lit by a flickering octarine light , tinged with violet as photons [affected] on the sudden magical aura .

The range from the firing point to where the rounds impacted was between 35 metres ( the shot that hit Barling ) and 30 metres ( the ones that hit the pillar ) … ’
the range from the firing point to where the rounds [affected] was between 35 metres ( the shot that hit barling ) and 30 metres ( the ones that hit the pillar ) … ’

Precious Metals Division 's performance was impacted by precious metal prices which were either flat or in the case of rhodium significantly lower .
precious metals division 's performance was [affected] by precious metal prices which were either flat or in the case of rhodium significantly lower .

Lithotripsy of an impacted calcified stone in the cystic duct accompanied by cholecystitis in severe Crohn 's disease
lithotripsy of an [affected] calcified stone in the cystic duct accompanied by cholecystitis in severe crohn 's disease

Therefore , we carried out a shock wave lithotripsy of the impacted stone in the cystic duct despite contraindications .
therefore , we carried out a shock wave lithotripsy of the [affected] stone in the cystic duct despite contraindications .

Vermeersch et al have reported on a case of successful percuitaneous endoscopic removal of an impacted stone in the cystic duct accompanied by cholecystitis .
vermeersch et al have reported on a case of successful percuitaneous endoscopic removal of an [affected] stone in the cystic duct accompanied by cholecystitis .

Joint injuries are also very common and the most frequently encountered are impacted toes and dislocated fingers .
joint injuries are also very common and the most frequently encountered are [affected] toes and dislocated fingers .

The cost of introducing new products at Inex Visions also impacted on margins and the profits from that side were adversely affected .
the cost of introducing new products at inex visions also [affected] on margins and the profits from that side were adversely affected .

‘ High interest rates … have dampened consumer expenditure and impacted on retail spending , ’ says the chairman , Geoffrey Maitland Smith .
‘ high interest rates … have dampened consumer expenditure and [affected] on retail spending , ’ says the chairman , geoffrey maitland smith .

Thus the research impacted on the team in several important and positive ways .
thus the research [affected] on the team in several important and positive ways .

Measurements taken over many years show that levels of PCBs in grass and soil in the area impacted by the stack plume are indistinguishable from background levels .
measurements taken over many years show that levels of pcbs in grass and soil in the area [affected] by the stack plume are indistinguishable from background levels .

Meconium is the foal 's faecal material that has built up in the rectum before foaling and sometimes gets quite firm and impacted and must be passed within the first 24-hours of life .
meconium is the foal 's faecal material that has built up in the rectum before foaling and sometimes gets quite firm and [affected] and must be passed within the first 24-hours of life .

Quickly getting off the bus , he ran to where the plane had impacted and dragged out the injured pilot who was covered in oil moments before the plane caught fire .
quickly getting off the bus , he ran to where the plane had [affected] and dragged out the injured pilot who was covered in oil moments before the plane caught fire .

Despite this fragmentation , the Franks deeply impacted the cultural and linguistic heritage of France .
despite this fragmentation , the franks deeply [affected] the cultural and linguistic heritage of france .

By Gerard MacCrossan The Kerrville Daily Times Published July 11 , 2002 Federal Emergency Management Agency officials will be in Kerrville Friday to open a Disaster Relief Center to help local residents and business owners impacted by last week 's floods .
by gerard maccrossan the kerrville daily times published july 11 , 2002 federal emergency management agency officials will be in kerrville friday to open a disaster relief center to help local residents and business owners [affected] by last week 's floods .

However , the overall impact is expected to be modest , even for those industries most heavily impacted , and for small additive and additive injection equipment manufacturers , the rule could result in additional economic opportunities through increased sales .
however , the overall impact is expected to be modest , even for those industries most heavily [affected] , and for small additive and additive injection equipment manufacturers , the rule could result in additional economic opportunities through increased sales .

EPA has identified two types of small entities which could potentially be impacted by the rule : ( 1 ) small businesses involved in locomotive aftermarket parts production and locomotive remanufacturing and ( 2 ) small railroads .
epa has identified two types of small entities which could potentially be [affected] by the rule : ( 1 ) small businesses involved in locomotive aftermarket parts production and locomotive remanufacturing and ( 2 ) small railroads .

TVA installed a construction bypass to send gas from the air preheater outlet directly to the FGD , while the ESP was being demolished and the SCR reactor erected in its place.11 However , in more difficult retrofits , down time might be impacted in a significant way .
tva installed a construction bypass to send gas from the air preheater outlet directly to the fgd , while the esp was being demolished and the scr reactor erected in its place.11 however , in more difficult retrofits , down time might be [affected] in a significant way .

Coastal water and marine environment are also impacted by atmospheric deposition of nitrogen .
coastal water and marine environment are also [affected] by atmospheric deposition of nitrogen .

Moreover , these findings impacted greatly studies of cotranscriptional processing of nascent mRNA .
moreover , these findings [affected] greatly studies of cotranscriptional processing of nascent mrna .

Tens of thousands of elderly will be impacted .
tens of thousands of elderly will be [affected] .

The Enquirer maintains that Gore 's adherence to the Atkins diet has `` dumbed him down '' and `` impacted his thought processes '' : The avowed environmentalist is eating steak and recently approved a resumption of whaling .
the enquirer maintains that gore 's adherence to the atkins diet has `` dumbed him down '' and `` [affected] his thought processes '' : the avowed environmentalist is eating steak and recently approved a resumption of whaling .

It is `` our belief , '' the spokesman told the Wall Street Journal , that `` our members are not going to be impacted '' by the treaty .
it is `` our belief , '' the spokesman told the wall street journal , that `` our members are not going to be [affected] '' by the treaty .

The poorly written rules give interest-free loans on late taxes to any and all residents of areas deemed disaster areas , instead of those actually impacted by the event .
the poorly written rules give interest-free loans on late taxes to any and all residents of areas deemed disaster areas , instead of those actually [affected] by the event .

