Sheeting cast from this material reportedly weighs only one-third as much as glass , is impervious to all kinds of weather , and will not yellow .
sheeting cast from this material reportedly weighs only one-third as much as glass , is [unaffected] to all kinds of weather , and will not yellow .

And it presented itself to him as it would to any stranger , impervious , complete in itself .
and it presented itself to him as it would to any stranger , [unaffected] , complete in itself .

One of the inherent weaknesses of the modern squad system is that a close-knit clique becomes impervious to failure and criticism .
one of the inherent weaknesses of the modern squad system is that a close-knit clique becomes [unaffected] to failure and criticism .

Only Japan , of the major exporters , remained virtually impervious to import penetration — all the phenomenal growth of manufactured exports being devoted to paying for the soaring import bill for materials ( chapter 12 )
only japan , of the major exporters , remained virtually [unaffected] to import penetration — all the phenomenal growth of manufactured exports being devoted to paying for the soaring import bill for materials ( chapter 12 )

Land animals need to protect themselves from drying out , so scales were exchanged for an impervious skin ( although some amphibians can control the admission of water through their skin with the aid of hormones ) .
land animals need to protect themselves from drying out , so scales were exchanged for an [unaffected] skin ( although some amphibians can control the admission of water through their skin with the aid of hormones ) .

Of all those seated in the office only Buchanan seemed impervious to the heat .
of all those seated in the office only buchanan seemed [unaffected] to the heat .

The whole Steam Tank is protected by a thick armoured skin , making it immune to fire from arrows and light missiles and impervious to blows from most warriors .
the whole steam tank is protected by a thick armoured skin , making it immune to fire from arrows and light missiles and [unaffected] to blows from most warriors .

The rain seeps into and is held in volcanic ash above an impervious layer of basaltic clay and laterite .
the rain seeps into and is held in volcanic ash above an [unaffected] layer of basaltic clay and laterite .

Yet despite the amount of money generated in the region , it has remained largely impervious to the attempts of local companies to establish computer retail operations .
yet despite the amount of money generated in the region , it has remained largely [unaffected] to the attempts of local companies to establish computer retail operations .

This is the brew which turns a Goblin into an ecstatic gibbering lunatic who is impervious to pain , almost completely unaware of his environment , hugely strong , and completely fearless into the bargain .
this is the brew which turns a goblin into an ecstatic gibbering lunatic who is [unaffected] to pain , almost completely unaware of his environment , hugely strong , and completely fearless into the bargain .

Lukács describes how bourgeois thought thus transforms history into eternal laws of nature that are static and formal and impervious to the ‘ real ’ nature of history that is to do with relations between men .
lukács describes how bourgeois thought thus transforms history into eternal laws of nature that are static and formal and [unaffected] to the ‘ real ’ nature of history that is to do with relations between men .

As she is impervious to his suggestions , he is determined to revive the old custom known as the droit du seigneur ( one of the most hated abuses of the Ancien Régime ) , whereby the lord of a manor was entitled to deflower his female servants before their weddings .
as she is [unaffected] to his suggestions , he is determined to revive the old custom known as the droit du seigneur ( one of the most hated abuses of the ancien régime ) , whereby the lord of a manor was entitled to deflower his female servants before their weddings .

Both the anorexic and the mystic are impervious to this simple chain of events .
both the anorexic and the mystic are [unaffected] to this simple chain of events .

Nevertheless , there are similarities between the two : both are empty ; both deny the pain of emptiness ; and both are impervious to the possibility of impending death .
nevertheless , there are similarities between the two : both are empty ; both deny the pain of emptiness ; and both are [unaffected] to the possibility of impending death .

, in general , was impervious to masculine charm , and yet she mellowed visibly as General Francis apologized for his presence .
, in general , was [unaffected] to masculine charm , and yet she mellowed visibly as general francis apologized for his presence .

Sadler 's used 1,900 square yards — made more impervious to the gas by an inner coat of rubber .
sadler 's used 1,900 square yards — made more [unaffected] to the gas by an inner coat of rubber .

It 's impervious to water and virtually indestructible .
it 's [unaffected] to water and virtually indestructible .

Nor were more educated Protestants totally impervious to the pull of the supernatural .
nor were more educated protestants totally [unaffected] to the pull of the supernatural .

From his study of several village communities in Wiltshire , for example , Ingram has found that the great majority of villagers did not belong to polarized extremes , but rather adhered to a conventional mainstream Protestantism ; furthermore , Ingram believes it was the youth of the parish , rather than the least well-off , who were the most indifferent to religion and most impervious to moral discipline .
from his study of several village communities in wiltshire , for example , ingram has found that the great majority of villagers did not belong to polarized extremes , but rather adhered to a conventional mainstream protestantism ; furthermore , ingram believes it was the youth of the parish , rather than the least well-off , who were the most indifferent to religion and most [unaffected] to moral discipline .

‘ It 's just been so nice visiting with you , Nick ! ’ Donna gave me a last dazzling smile , then , apparently impervious to McIllvanney 's evil-tempered scorn , clicked away on her ridiculously high heels .
‘ it 's just been so nice visiting with you , nick ! ’ donna gave me a last dazzling smile , then , apparently [unaffected] to mcillvanney 's evil-tempered scorn , clicked away on her ridiculously high heels .

Given these conditions it was virtually inevitable that nascent labourism would be inflected and conditioned by bourgeois thought , and subsequently remain impervious , even hostile , to other traditions , most notably Marxism .
given these conditions it was virtually inevitable that nascent labourism would be inflected and conditioned by bourgeois thought , and subsequently remain [unaffected] , even hostile , to other traditions , most notably marxism .

In Africa , the honey badger , or ratel , is impervious to the bee 's stings , ripping open the nest to consume the honey and bee larvae .
in africa , the honey badger , or ratel , is [unaffected] to the bee 's stings , ripping open the nest to consume the honey and bee larvae .

She was amazed at how little he wore and how impervious he was to the cold .
she was amazed at how little he wore and how [unaffected] he was to the cold .

The evening air had its accustomed November nip , but the groups making their way from Celtic Crescent were impervious to it .
the evening air had its accustomed november nip , but the groups making their way from celtic crescent were [unaffected] to it .

Parsley does best in deep moist soil and sun ; the mints prefer the same soil , and are impervious to shade or sun , but pineapple mint will survive in drought much better than ginger mint .
parsley does best in deep moist soil and sun ; the mints prefer the same soil , and are [unaffected] to shade or sun , but pineapple mint will survive in drought much better than ginger mint .

They were impervious both to his charm and to his aggression : they had neutralized him .
they were [unaffected] both to his charm and to his aggression : they had neutralized him .

Unless we care nothing for human freedom and are impervious to human suffering , denunciation seems an implausible general justification for a system which deliberately inflicts punishment on people .
unless we care nothing for human freedom and are [unaffected] to human suffering , denunciation seems an implausible general justification for a system which deliberately inflicts punishment on people .

Because sentencing is viewed by magistrates as a craft or mystery , whose rites are known only to initiates , ( as opposed to a rational enterprise dedicated to the pursuit of externally defined goals ) , this renders it both impervious to criticism from outside , and highly resistant to attempts at external control .
because sentencing is viewed by magistrates as a craft or mystery , whose rites are known only to initiates , ( as opposed to a rational enterprise dedicated to the pursuit of externally defined goals ) , this renders it both [unaffected] to criticism from outside , and highly resistant to attempts at external control .

But it is very difficult , if not impossible , to make the interior of these huge homes totally impervious to extreme changes in the weather outside .
but it is very difficult , if not impossible , to make the interior of these huge homes totally [unaffected] to extreme changes in the weather outside .

But the monsters armoured back was impervious to that as well .
but the monsters armoured back was [unaffected] to that as well .

Because even if they did have X-ray eyes , they had failed spot and to penetrate the cylinder of impervious Balbazian steel in my cabin .
because even if they did have x-ray eyes , they had failed spot and to penetrate the cylinder of [unaffected] balbazian steel in my cabin .

They were impervious to her .
they were [unaffected] to her .

This ability to tie up the excess hydrogen ions introduced by acid precipitation is largely determined by the composition of the bedrock on which the lakes and soils form , with hard , impervious igneous or metamorphic bedrock giving rise to low calcium and magnesium content producing the most susceptible situation .
this ability to tie up the excess hydrogen ions introduced by acid precipitation is largely determined by the composition of the bedrock on which the lakes and soils form , with hard , [unaffected] igneous or metamorphic bedrock giving rise to low calcium and magnesium content producing the most susceptible situation .

As well as not being insensitive , he was by no means impervious to the sudden plea for help from a young and attractive lady .
as well as not being insensitive , he was by no means [unaffected] to the sudden plea for help from a young and attractive lady .

Elite theorists are either optimistic or pessimistic about the scope for change , depending on whether they see elite structures as permeable or impervious to modification or decay .
elite theorists are either optimistic or pessimistic about the scope for change , depending on whether they see elite structures as permeable or [unaffected] to modification or decay .

The smaller figure twisted and spat in Jotan 's impervious grasp , then broke free briefly .
the smaller figure twisted and spat in jotan 's [unaffected] grasp , then broke free briefly .

She came back , unquenchable and impervious .
she came back , unquenchable and [unaffected] .

Melissa watched for a few seconds as he worked , apparently impervious to the heat , then turned back to where the others were waiting .
melissa watched for a few seconds as he worked , apparently [unaffected] to the heat , then turned back to where the others were waiting .

The same author has also many illustrations of closely spaced badlands type of valley pattern on impervious igneous and metamorphic rocks in the same region .
the same author has also many illustrations of closely spaced badlands type of valley pattern on [unaffected] igneous and metamorphic rocks in the same region .

In contrast , dry impervious surfaces , particularly if exposed to sunlight , are lethal to larvae within a day or so .
in contrast , dry [unaffected] surfaces , particularly if exposed to sunlight , are lethal to larvae within a day or so .

‘ Learned helplessness ’ describes the individual 's learned expectations that events are largely impervious to his influence and that unpleasant outcomes are probable .
‘ learned helplessness ’ describes the individual 's learned expectations that events are largely [unaffected] to his influence and that unpleasant outcomes are probable .

Although ignimbrites can be unconsolidated deposits , the pyroclasts are frequently so hot when deposited that the contained gas is expelled and the individual particles are welded together to form a compact , impervious rock .
although ignimbrites can be unconsolidated deposits , the pyroclasts are frequently so hot when deposited that the contained gas is expelled and the individual particles are welded together to form a compact , [unaffected] rock .

They were united by their growing segregation from a bourgeoisie whose wealth increased dramatically while their own situation remained precarious , a bourgeoisie which became increasingly self-contained and impervious to would-be entrants from below .
they were united by their growing segregation from a bourgeoisie whose wealth increased dramatically while their own situation remained precarious , a bourgeoisie which became increasingly self-contained and [unaffected] to would-be entrants from below .

Matthew concentrating on the steak , seemed impervious and never once rose to her bait , but James , it was clear , was cheered and encouraged by Jenny 's affectionate treatment .
matthew concentrating on the steak , seemed [unaffected] and never once rose to her bait , but james , it was clear , was cheered and encouraged by jenny 's affectionate treatment .

Computer science makes a dual contribution to Ryan 's approach to narrativity : on the one hand , it is a source of useful concepts and metaphors for the representation of narrative boundaries ( Chapter 9 ) and of plots ( Chapter 10 ) ; on the other hand , it is presented as an exciting ( although impervious ) testing ground for models and hypotheses concerning the production and interpretation of narratives ( Chapter 11 ) .
computer science makes a dual contribution to ryan 's approach to narrativity : on the one hand , it is a source of useful concepts and metaphors for the representation of narrative boundaries ( chapter 9 ) and of plots ( chapter 10 ) ; on the other hand , it is presented as an exciting ( although [unaffected] ) testing ground for models and hypotheses concerning the production and interpretation of narratives ( chapter 11 ) .

The county was overrun with underwood that made it impervious to the traveller .
the county was overrun with underwood that made it [unaffected] to the traveller .

But her great quality was a capacity for being genuinely impervious to inattention .
but her great quality was a capacity for being genuinely [unaffected] to inattention .

Furthermore , he was attempting to construct a discourse which was impervious to the kinds of attack then being launched from inside and outside the discipline .
furthermore , he was attempting to construct a discourse which was [unaffected] to the kinds of attack then being launched from inside and outside the discipline .

Even in a city like London , with no large industrial base and a preponderance of casual labourers , we can see in the last half of the nineteenth century , as Gareth Stedman Jones has put it , the ‘ emergence of a working class culture which showed itself impervious to middle class attempts to guide it ’ , even as it remained politically conservative , and it developed deeply rooted family patterns of its own .
even in a city like london , with no large industrial base and a preponderance of casual labourers , we can see in the last half of the nineteenth century , as gareth stedman jones has put it , the ‘ emergence of a working class culture which showed itself [unaffected] to middle class attempts to guide it ’ , even as it remained politically conservative , and it developed deeply rooted family patterns of its own .

Or it might suggest that the religious symbols , by which men and women have conferred meaning on their lives , meet such pressing psychological needs that they remain impervious to scientific frames of meaning , which , in the last analysis , only dictate how things are and how they came to be so , without pretending to answer the why and the wherefore .
or it might suggest that the religious symbols , by which men and women have conferred meaning on their lives , meet such pressing psychological needs that they remain [unaffected] to scientific frames of meaning , which , in the last analysis , only dictate how things are and how they came to be so , without pretending to answer the why and the wherefore .

The danger consists in imagining some essence of Christianity , for example , that , because it may be shown to be immune to scientific criticism today , is assumed always to have existed and therefore , properly understood , is always impervious to criticism .
the danger consists in imagining some essence of christianity , for example , that , because it may be shown to be immune to scientific criticism today , is assumed always to have existed and therefore , properly understood , is always [unaffected] to criticism .

by no means are all such men and women impervious to the claims of rational problem-solving and the demands of the national interest — the politics of principle also has its place .
by no means are all such men and women [unaffected] to the claims of rational problem-solving and the demands of the national interest — the politics of principle also has its place .

The purpose of the Party was to knit together this vanguard , to build a structure so homogeneous , so ideologically uniform that it would be impervious to infiltration by bourgeois revisionists — or police agents .
the purpose of the party was to knit together this vanguard , to build a structure so homogeneous , so ideologically uniform that it would be [unaffected] to infiltration by bourgeois revisionists — or police agents .

While composers such as Pierre Boulez and Karlheinz Stockhausen condemned all manifestations of the museum culture , and Boulez suggested that opera houses should be burned down , the slender supply of new operas was left either to an older , impervious generation or to composers whose attitude to tradition was either complexly ambivalent ( Henze ) or had all but bypassed the modernist lineage ( Britten and Tippett ) .
while composers such as pierre boulez and karlheinz stockhausen condemned all manifestations of the museum culture , and boulez suggested that opera houses should be burned down , the slender supply of new operas was left either to an older , [unaffected] generation or to composers whose attitude to tradition was either complexly ambivalent ( henze ) or had all but bypassed the modernist lineage ( britten and tippett ) .

In London , and later in all major cities , new impervious trunk sewers were built on scientific principles to replace or intercept the old ducts and to ensure that all sewage was discharged downstream .
in london , and later in all major cities , new [unaffected] trunk sewers were built on scientific principles to replace or intercept the old ducts and to ensure that all sewage was discharged downstream .

The operation of these laws being impervious to our preferences , men will challenge them only at the risk of failure .
the operation of these laws being [unaffected] to our preferences , men will challenge them only at the risk of failure .

It 's time to be impervious to everyone 's judgement except your own .
it 's time to be [unaffected] to everyone 's judgement except your own .

For the last ten years or so , feminist commentators on social policy have remarked upon two particular features of the British social security system : first , that it is based on clear and consistent views about the nature of marriage and the economic and social relationship between husbands and wives ( Land and Parker , 1978 ; O'Donovan , 1979 ) ; and secondly , despite considerable changes in the position of women in society since the principles of the modern social security system were laid out in the Beveridge Report ( Beveridge , 1942 ) and consolidated in post-war legislation , the system itself and its principles have remained obstinately impervious to change ( Land , 1975 ) .
for the last ten years or so , feminist commentators on social policy have remarked upon two particular features of the british social security system : first , that it is based on clear and consistent views about the nature of marriage and the economic and social relationship between husbands and wives ( land and parker , 1978 ; o'donovan , 1979 ) ; and secondly , despite considerable changes in the position of women in society since the principles of the modern social security system were laid out in the beveridge report ( beveridge , 1942 ) and consolidated in post-war legislation , the system itself and its principles have remained obstinately [unaffected] to change ( land , 1975 ) .

But , throughout his long career , he remained impervious to the explosions on the modern art front , remaining true to himself and evincing many similar characteristics to those of that earlier great East Anglian watercolourist John Sell Cotman , whom he greatly admired as , notably , in The Dales , 1961 .
but , throughout his long career , he remained [unaffected] to the explosions on the modern art front , remaining true to himself and evincing many similar characteristics to those of that earlier great east anglian watercolourist john sell cotman , whom he greatly admired as , notably , in the dales , 1961 .

By the middle years of the nineteenth century many an estate village remained impervious to Dissent , whereas the new settlements that had gathered round textile mills , collieries or canal-heads were markedly Nonconformist in character .
by the middle years of the nineteenth century many an estate village remained [unaffected] to dissent , whereas the new settlements that had gathered round textile mills , collieries or canal-heads were markedly nonconformist in character .

At the actual meetings it was noted that Truman seemed deliberately impervious to Churchill 's oratory , especially when he talked grandiloquently of Anglo-American co-operation .
at the actual meetings it was noted that truman seemed deliberately [unaffected] to churchill 's oratory , especially when he talked grandiloquently of anglo-american co-operation .

Other exchanges have to rely on niches that are impervious to the competition from the low cost exchange — they compete by innovating such niches .
other exchanges have to rely on niches that are [unaffected] to the competition from the low cost exchange — they compete by innovating such niches .

Apparently impervious to Luke 's quick frown , he drew up another chair .
apparently [unaffected] to luke 's quick frown , he drew up another chair .

In a strange way Shannon found she was almost impressed by the strength of his ego — an ego that was apparently impervious to self-doubt or criticism .
in a strange way shannon found she was almost impressed by the strength of his ego — an ego that was apparently [unaffected] to self-doubt or criticism .

‘ You could n't believe there might be just one woman impervious to your world-famous charms .
‘ you could n't believe there might be just one woman [unaffected] to your world-famous charms .

It is as if she has to create an impervious beauty , a mask to conceal the painfully damaged body beneath the clothes , just as her lips are always closed in these photographs to conceal her decayed teeth .
it is as if she has to create an [unaffected] beauty , a mask to conceal the painfully damaged body beneath the clothes , just as her lips are always closed in these photographs to conceal her decayed teeth .

The trees everywhere over-grow the road , so that it is totally impervious to the sun , except at a few places .
the trees everywhere over-grow the road , so that it is totally [unaffected] to the sun , except at a few places .

‘ Not everything , ’ Rose said , apparently impervious to Theda 's irony .
‘ not everything , ’ rose said , apparently [unaffected] to theda 's irony .

’ Benjamin , impervious to the scene , leaned closer and sniffed at what used to be Waldegrave 's mouth .
’ benjamin , [unaffected] to the scene , leaned closer and sniffed at what used to be waldegrave 's mouth .

The pamphlet described the system of comprehensive education under local education authority control as a ’ monolithic system ’ that was impervious and insensitive to parents .
the pamphlet described the system of comprehensive education under local education authority control as a ’ monolithic system ’ that was [unaffected] and insensitive to parents .

‘ She is usually so impervious to any softer womanly emotions , and we all know her opinion of her husband .
‘ she is usually so [unaffected] to any softer womanly emotions , and we all know her opinion of her husband .

Certainly — she hoped — not Luke himself , and while her acquaintance with Florian Jones went back to their high-school days in South Africa , she knew he was impervious to anything that did not affect him directly .
certainly — she hoped — not luke himself , and while her acquaintance with florian jones went back to their high-school days in south africa , she knew he was [unaffected] to anything that did not affect him directly .

Her mouth tight , she hurried into the cottage and slammed the door , but that one brief glance had been more than enough for her to take in the fact that he 'd removed his shirt as though quite impervious to the chill wind that made everyone else shiver , and was digging over the colonel 's vegetable patch with an economy of movement that she might have admired if it had been anyone else but him .
her mouth tight , she hurried into the cottage and slammed the door , but that one brief glance had been more than enough for her to take in the fact that he 'd removed his shirt as though quite [unaffected] to the chill wind that made everyone else shiver , and was digging over the colonel 's vegetable patch with an economy of movement that she might have admired if it had been anyone else but him .

Viola Machin , nevertheless , seemed impervious to it : she stood in bosomy grief , in a becoming coat of umber shade , dabbing her eyes at the pathetic bits of the service ; Desmond , in a heavy black coat , managed only an insurance agent 's decorous grief ; and Hilary looked as if cheerfulness might keep breaking through — which would probably , after all , be what Hilda would have liked most .
viola machin , nevertheless , seemed [unaffected] to it : she stood in bosomy grief , in a becoming coat of umber shade , dabbing her eyes at the pathetic bits of the service ; desmond , in a heavy black coat , managed only an insurance agent 's decorous grief ; and hilary looked as if cheerfulness might keep breaking through — which would probably , after all , be what hilda would have liked most .

No thought of food or drink now as Mandeville strode up and down in front of us , so angry he seemed impervious to the roaring flames of the fire .
no thought of food or drink now as mandeville strode up and down in front of us , so angry he seemed [unaffected] to the roaring flames of the fire .

Harry swiftly discovered that she was impervious to charm , but a sense of duty evidently compelled her to answer his questions .
harry swiftly discovered that she was [unaffected] to charm , but a sense of duty evidently compelled her to answer his questions .

Canon Wheeler was impervious to the gentleness but grasped the opportunity .
canon wheeler was [unaffected] to the gentleness but grasped the opportunity .

Mrs Frere 's refusal to respond ( Mrs Bostock later informed Eliza Waters ) was as dreary as the rain , and as impervious to her visitor 's desire that it should cease .
mrs frere 's refusal to respond ( mrs bostock later informed eliza waters ) was as dreary as the rain , and as [unaffected] to her visitor 's desire that it should cease .

Partly because it was increasing in numbers ; more particularly because it was seeking to gain a foothold in the rural parishes which had thus far been largely impervious to its appeal and especially because , in the era of the French Revolution , anything which seemed to pose a threat to the Church of England established by law was suspect .
partly because it was increasing in numbers ; more particularly because it was seeking to gain a foothold in the rural parishes which had thus far been largely [unaffected] to its appeal and especially because , in the era of the french revolution , anything which seemed to pose a threat to the church of england established by law was suspect .

Perhaps an organism as complex as a man could never be wholly impervious to the ravages of time .
perhaps an organism as complex as a man could never be wholly [unaffected] to the ravages of time .

Ferdinando was still vowing to the Brownings , angry themselves , that he would not send another scudo to England and calling heaven to witness he had been cheated and betrayed , but she lay there impervious .
ferdinando was still vowing to the brownings , angry themselves , that he would not send another scudo to england and calling heaven to witness he had been cheated and betrayed , but she lay there [unaffected] .

Had life buffeted her so that now she was impervious to all storms ?
had life buffeted her so that now she was [unaffected] to all storms ?

So why is pop impervious to these bright entryists , these studied simulators ? You 'd have thought anybody with two brain cells to rub together and a spark of wit could find a way past Mike Read and Phil Collins .
so why is pop [unaffected] to these bright entryists , these studied simulators ? you 'd have thought anybody with two brain cells to rub together and a spark of wit could find a way past mike read and phil collins .

He was not without humour , but completely impervious to Jane 's irony .
he was not without humour , but completely [unaffected] to jane 's irony .

The defence and energy departments , impervious to markets , are among the country 's biggest polluters .
the defence and energy departments , [unaffected] to markets , are among the country 's biggest polluters .

This condition has been corrected by replacing the defective detail with a conventional sloping stone coping oversailing a ‘ secret gutter ’ of in situ lead which terminates the new roof slating , the new coping being bedded on an impervious damp-proof course ( Plates 28 and 29 ) .
this condition has been corrected by replacing the defective detail with a conventional sloping stone coping oversailing a ‘ secret gutter ’ of in situ lead which terminates the new roof slating , the new coping being bedded on an [unaffected] damp-proof course ( plates 28 and 29 ) .

If you can get the crop off the ground and impervious to weather quickly , it hardly matters if the subsequent carting and storing are laborious — wait until you have guests to help .
if you can get the crop off the ground and [unaffected] to weather quickly , it hardly matters if the subsequent carting and storing are laborious — wait until you have guests to help .

Cell members themselves seemed to be much more impervious to the danger of possible political attacks on them than their nervous counterparts in Smolensk guberniia .
cell members themselves seemed to be much more [unaffected] to the danger of possible political attacks on them than their nervous counterparts in smolensk guberniia .

What is remarkable is how impervious a government can be to changing public opinion when insulated from the threat of political defeat by a substantial parliamentary majority .
what is remarkable is how [unaffected] a government can be to changing public opinion when insulated from the threat of political defeat by a substantial parliamentary majority .

Mastic asphalt is impervious to water or dampness , vermin-proof , non-toxic and odourless after laying .
mastic asphalt is [unaffected] to water or dampness , vermin-proof , non-toxic and odourless after laying .

Layers of impervious shales and grits on a pedestal of Great Scar Limestone , which in turn rests upon impervious Silurian rocks , have created a varied landscape of crags , gorges with fine waterfalls , limestone pavements , streams vanishing and resurfacing and a array of caves second to none in Britain .
layers of [unaffected] shales and grits on a pedestal of great scar limestone , which in turn rests upon [unaffected] silurian rocks , have created a varied landscape of crags , gorges with fine waterfalls , limestone pavements , streams vanishing and resurfacing and a array of caves second to none in britain .

It rests on a massive plinth of carboniferous limestone around the 1300-ft contour , this being based at valley level on impervious rock .
it rests on a massive plinth of carboniferous limestone around the 1300-ft contour , this being based at valley level on [unaffected] rock .

Most buildings before the turn of the century were built without dpc 's , which are simply layers of impervious material such as slate , copper , bituminous felt , heavy gauge plastic or , in special circumstances , ‘ engineering ’ bricks such as Staffordshire blues .
most buildings before the turn of the century were built without dpc 's , which are simply layers of [unaffected] material such as slate , copper , bituminous felt , heavy gauge plastic or , in special circumstances , ‘ engineering ’ bricks such as staffordshire blues .

The prolonged crying of a well-fed and recently changed baby can not be ignored , however hard the parents may try to develop an impervious barrier against what might seem an unremitting demand .
the prolonged crying of a well-fed and recently changed baby can not be ignored , however hard the parents may try to develop an [unaffected] barrier against what might seem an unremitting demand .

Many people believe that the skin is an impervious covering , the sole function of which is to keep the blood and organs in and water out .
many people believe that the skin is an [unaffected] covering , the sole function of which is to keep the blood and organs in and water out .

Coleridge and Southey themselves soon became impervious to all doubt .
coleridge and southey themselves soon became [unaffected] to all doubt .

PVCu works especially well for coastal properties as it is impervious to moisture .
pvcu works especially well for coastal properties as it is [unaffected] to moisture .

Its hard wood helps it resist cold winters , and its thick-skinned grapes are almost impervious to rain , disease and insects .
its hard wood helps it resist cold winters , and its thick-skinned grapes are almost [unaffected] to rain , disease and insects .

Unfortunately a solid metal electrode is impervious to virtually everything .
unfortunately a solid metal electrode is [unaffected] to virtually everything .

Over the ages , the shallow basin-shaped depression , 45 feet deep at its centre , had been lined with layers of clay , gravel and impervious mud , and filled with a lake of peat .
over the ages , the shallow basin-shaped depression , 45 feet deep at its centre , had been lined with layers of clay , gravel and [unaffected] mud , and filled with a lake of peat .

Driven south , the Dravidians remained not only geographically separate , but also politically independent , impervious to the waves of foreign invaders .
driven south , the dravidians remained not only geographically separate , but also politically independent , [unaffected] to the waves of foreign invaders .

With many renovations dating from the 90s economic boom , its hotels and clubs remain spectacularly impervious to the curent downturn .
with many renovations dating from the 90s economic boom , its hotels and clubs remain spectacularly [unaffected] to the curent downturn .

Cross the bridge into the Ciudad , the old Moorish enclave which remained impervious to Christian assault until 1485 , to see most of Ronda ’ s most important monuments .
cross the bridge into the ciudad , the old moorish enclave which remained [unaffected] to christian assault until 1485 , to see most of ronda ’ s most important monuments .

The small percentage of Muslims who are fully committed to Usama Bin Ladin 's version of Islam are impervious to persuasion .
the small percentage of muslims who are fully committed to usama bin ladin 's version of islam are [unaffected] to persuasion .

Does the very effort to defend irony to those impervious to its charms require you to trick it up as something it is not ?
does the very effort to defend irony to those [unaffected] to its charms require you to trick it up as something it is not ?

I 've dealt with McCain some and I 'm not impervious to the charm either .
i 've dealt with mccain some and i 'm not [unaffected] to the charm either .

They 're skeptical of corporations and impervious to traditional advertising .
they 're skeptical of corporations and [unaffected] to traditional advertising .

Here she starts promisingly , looking odd and imposing in her caftans , childishly impervious to the absurdity of her demands .
here she starts promisingly , looking odd and imposing in her caftans , childishly [unaffected] to the absurdity of her demands .

Lest we think of Tokaimura residents as monolithically hysterical , the WP runs a story inside on locals impervious to panic .
lest we think of tokaimura residents as monolithically hysterical , the wp runs a story inside on locals [unaffected] to panic .

One thing that Morris does convey pretty well , I think , is that Reagan formed convictions fairly early in his consideration of a question and that these convictions then became more or less impervious to challenge from evidence that might contradict them .
one thing that morris does convey pretty well , i think , is that reagan formed convictions fairly early in his consideration of a question and that these convictions then became more or less [unaffected] to challenge from evidence that might contradict them .

They seem impervious to government spending on their alleviation , even very large amounts of spending .
they seem [unaffected] to government spending on their alleviation , even very large amounts of spending .

The liberal Israeli newspaper Ha'aretz said in a gloomy editorial Monday that there was `` a chilling sense these days of sights and sounds from the period of impervious apathy which preceded the 1973 war . ''
the liberal israeli newspaper ha'aretz said in a gloomy editorial monday that there was `` a chilling sense these days of sights and sounds from the period of [unaffected] apathy which preceded the 1973 war . ''

Most consumers , studies have shown , believe themselves impervious to the pitiful ploys of advertising .
most consumers , studies have shown , believe themselves [unaffected] to the pitiful ploys of advertising .

Her husband could n't have been more understanding , but his wife 's emotionalism was so impervious to logic it became disturbing .
her husband could n't have been more understanding , but his wife 's emotionalism was so [unaffected] to logic it became disturbing .

The causes : worse traffic ; pugnacious immigrant drivers ; and sport-utility vehicles , which make drivers feel impervious .
the causes : worse traffic ; pugnacious immigrant drivers ; and sport-utility vehicles , which make drivers feel [unaffected] .

Unlike Atlantic City , where casinos have struggled for profitability since the mid-1980s , Las Vegas has proven itself almost impervious to recession .
unlike atlantic city , where casinos have struggled for profitability since the mid-1980s , las vegas has proven itself almost [unaffected] to recession .

The filmmakers drop the ball , though , on their master villain , Renard , who has a bullet in his brain that renders him impervious to physical pain .
the filmmakers drop the ball , though , on their master villain , renard , who has a bullet in his brain that renders him [unaffected] to physical pain .

Big business has wagered hundreds of billions of dollars on the development of high-tech , low-cost media technology -- broadband services , satellites , encryption technology , miniaturized computers and communications devices , you name it -- that is largely impervious to the Bennetts and Gores of this world .
big business has wagered hundreds of billions of dollars on the development of high-tech , low-cost media technology -- broadband services , satellites , encryption technology , miniaturized computers and communications devices , you name it -- that is largely [unaffected] to the bennetts and gores of this world .

It is a system , broadly speaking , that is impervious to criticism .
it is a system , broadly speaking , that is [unaffected] to criticism .

We as soon say , “ I 'm an American ” as “ I 'm American ” or jauntily “ I 'm a gringo ” or proudly “ I 'm a Yank. ” Are we made impervious by a shell of arrogance , numb by self-satisfaction , or tolerant by the wild ethnic diversity in which most of us live ?
we as soon say , “ i 'm an american ” as “ i 'm american ” or jauntily “ i 'm a gringo ” or proudly “ i 'm a yank. ” are we made [unaffected] by a shell of arrogance , numb by self-satisfaction , or tolerant by the wild ethnic diversity in which most of us live ?

