He ate litle that morning , and his mother became concerned , inasmuch as he usually ate heartily .
he ate litle that morning , and his mother became concerned , [since/so far as] as he usually ate heartily .

He assured Lord Salisbury on his visit to England in the summer of 1929 that ( according to Salisbury 's notes of their conversation ) , though dominion status might be admitted as the ultimate goal , ‘ inasmuch as it is impossible to anticipate an India which could defend itself , and as it is unthinkable that a British army could be subject to native control — an essential condition of real Dominion status — the realisation of the aspiration is not within sight ’ .
he assured lord salisbury on his visit to england in the summer of 1929 that ( according to salisbury 's notes of their conversation ) , though dominion status might be admitted as the ultimate goal , ‘ [since/so far as] as it is impossible to anticipate an india which could defend itself , and as it is unthinkable that a british army could be subject to native control — an essential condition of real dominion status — the realisation of the aspiration is not within sight ’ .

This only confirms already-existing customary law ; and inasmuch as it depends on proving an actual intent partially or completely to destroy a particular group , it may be of only limited relevance as a basis for assessing the legality of nuclear possession or use .
this only confirms already-existing customary law ; and [since/so far as] as it depends on proving an actual intent partially or completely to destroy a particular group , it may be of only limited relevance as a basis for assessing the legality of nuclear possession or use .

After giving instructions about his place of burial , he required them to go to his study and take out three great hampers of books and burn them , ‘ Inasmuch as all the comedies , tragedies , pastorals , etc .
after giving instructions about his place of burial , he required them to go to his study and take out three great hampers of books and burn them , ‘ [since/so far as] as all the comedies , tragedies , pastorals , etc .

Although chance dictates that the evidence relates to two major centres , the situation thereby depicted does not necessarily misrepresent the economy as a whole , inasmuch as clothing was the only really large-scale manufacture , ranking high even in towns like Leicester and Northampton which had leather wares for their principal products .
although chance dictates that the evidence relates to two major centres , the situation thereby depicted does not necessarily misrepresent the economy as a whole , [since/so far as] as clothing was the only really large-scale manufacture , ranking high even in towns like leicester and northampton which had leather wares for their principal products .

They are virtually a border line grouping between the strong climbers and the ramblers inasmuch as they need more use of the knife to keep young stems coming from the base .
they are virtually a border line grouping between the strong climbers and the ramblers [since/so far as] as they need more use of the knife to keep young stems coming from the base .

Perhaps this was because Galileo had claimed of heat that its ‘ generally accepted notion comes very far from the truth … inasmuch as it is supposed to be a true accident , affection , and quality really residing in the thing which we perceive to be heated .
perhaps this was because galileo had claimed of heat that its ‘ generally accepted notion comes very far from the truth … [since/so far as] as it is supposed to be a true accident , affection , and quality really residing in the thing which we perceive to be heated .

Nevertheless it is correct to call it an experience inasmuch as this concept of understanding has some kinship with other concepts of experience .
nevertheless it is correct to call it an experience [since/so far as] as this concept of understanding has some kinship with other concepts of experience .

Utilitarianism is a properly ethical theory , inasmuch as it puts forward the basics of a moral position , while emotivism belongs to what is sometimes called meta-ethics which professes to explain the nature of what is going on when an ethical or moral view is advocated .
utilitarianism is a properly ethical theory , [since/so far as] as it puts forward the basics of a moral position , while emotivism belongs to what is sometimes called meta-ethics which professes to explain the nature of what is going on when an ethical or moral view is advocated .

The theories are ‘ pure ’ inasmuch as they are not , in the abstract , limited to particular manifestations of these phenomena .
the theories are ‘ pure ’ [since/so far as] as they are not , in the abstract , limited to particular manifestations of these phenomena .

Under this circumstance , the ‘ old ’ attitudinal stance must take on a new meaning , if it is to be repeated in the changed context , inasmuch as it will be directed against different counter-attitudes .
under this circumstance , the ‘ old ’ attitudinal stance must take on a new meaning , if it is to be repeated in the changed context , [since/so far as] as it will be directed against different counter-attitudes .

Russell was what you might call a social climber , inasmuch as he specialized in fitting out rock shelters for himself at various altitudes and if possible receiving his friends in them .
russell was what you might call a social climber , [since/so far as] as he specialized in fitting out rock shelters for himself at various altitudes and if possible receiving his friends in them .

Thousands are said to have signed a Memorial to the Board of Trade abhorring the notion of the Shipping Offices , of `` oppressive taxation inasmuch as British seamen are ticketed and numbered like slaves `` and complaining `` of an unconstitutional violation of the rights and liberties of freeborn Englishmen … to which no other class of Englishmen is subjected `` .
thousands are said to have signed a memorial to the board of trade abhorring the notion of the shipping offices , of `` oppressive taxation [since/so far as] as british seamen are ticketed and numbered like slaves `` and complaining `` of an unconstitutional violation of the rights and liberties of freeborn englishmen … to which no other class of englishmen is subjected `` .

It was not , at that time at least , a consequence of any particular social or economic change between the late 1940s and the early 1960s , except inasmuch as increased affluence for many heightened the ‘ relative poverty ’ of those left behind .
it was not , at that time at least , a consequence of any particular social or economic change between the late 1940s and the early 1960s , except [since/so far as] as increased affluence for many heightened the ‘ relative poverty ’ of those left behind .

While this is true inasmuch as political futures are at stake , it has been suggested that in Britain deals with quite explicit electoral implications are rare .
while this is true [since/so far as] as political futures are at stake , it has been suggested that in britain deals with quite explicit electoral implications are rare .

The personal social services are the responsibility , inasmuch as they are under public rather than voluntary controls , of social services departments within local authorities .
the personal social services are the responsibility , [since/so far as] as they are under public rather than voluntary controls , of social services departments within local authorities .

Meanings are principles of unity inasmuch as they represent the same basic orientation of thought in different mental acts and different instances of use of language .
meanings are principles of unity [since/so far as] as they represent the same basic orientation of thought in different mental acts and different instances of use of language .

Such payment is not made to keep alive the right to recover it , inasmuch as the opportunity is thus afforded of contesting the demand , and payment in such circumstances is a payment to close the transaction and not to keep it open .
such payment is not made to keep alive the right to recover it , [since/so far as] as the opportunity is thus afforded of contesting the demand , and payment in such circumstances is a payment to close the transaction and not to keep it open .

‘ But , inasmuch as before the search began the defendant told the plaintiff 's clerk that the charge would be the same whether he made extracts or had certified copies , and under that pressure the extracts were obtained , and it would have been most dishonourable for the party , after having got the extracts , to refuse to pay , the money so obtained may be recovered back .
‘ but , [since/so far as] as before the search began the defendant told the plaintiff 's clerk that the charge would be the same whether he made extracts or had certified copies , and under that pressure the extracts were obtained , and it would have been most dishonourable for the party , after having got the extracts , to refuse to pay , the money so obtained may be recovered back .

Such payment is not made to keep alive the right to recover it , inasmuch as the opportunity is thus afforded of contesting the demand , and payment in such circumstances is a payment to close the transaction and not to keep it open .
such payment is not made to keep alive the right to recover it , [since/so far as] as the opportunity is thus afforded of contesting the demand , and payment in such circumstances is a payment to close the transaction and not to keep it open .

What is clear , though , is that we can not really go back to ‘ 1970s feminism ’ , and that inasmuch as we do work with the social and political categories which are the valuable heritage of that period we now do so with a proper awareness of their construction and provisionality .
what is clear , though , is that we can not really go back to ‘ 1970s feminism ’ , and that [since/so far as] as we do work with the social and political categories which are the valuable heritage of that period we now do so with a proper awareness of their construction and provisionality .

Though generally critical of his own era , Byng none the less extended qualified sympathy to developments which served ends he valued ; to Methodism , inasmuch as it instilled ‘ wholesome morals ’ , and to spreading industry , inasmuch as it provided employment , though he worried that , like religion , which had ‘ overstretch 'd her power … and was blown up … the cotton trade … may crack !
though generally critical of his own era , byng none the less extended qualified sympathy to developments which served ends he valued ; to methodism , [since/so far as] as it instilled ‘ wholesome morals ’ , and to spreading industry , [since/so far as] as it provided employment , though he worried that , like religion , which had ‘ overstretch 'd her power … and was blown up … the cotton trade … may crack !

Second , having obtained the information , the American citizen has greater possibilities for action , inasmuch as the existence of the constitution and the Bill of Rights enables government action to be tested in the courts against that standard ( see chapter 18 ) .
second , having obtained the information , the american citizen has greater possibilities for action , [since/so far as] as the existence of the constitution and the bill of rights enables government action to be tested in the courts against that standard ( see chapter 18 ) .

The outlook was considered all the more rosy from their point of view , since Denwood would have to be made what is known as a divisional point , that is to say , a station of more than ordinary importance , inasmuch as it would indicate the end of a running section — the point where the train would have to change engines .
the outlook was considered all the more rosy from their point of view , since denwood would have to be made what is known as a divisional point , that is to say , a station of more than ordinary importance , [since/so far as] as it would indicate the end of a running section — the point where the train would have to change engines .

Inasmuch as this constitutes a methodology , it presupposes learning aims which many students will not necessarily have an awareness of .
[since/so far as] as this constitutes a methodology , it presupposes learning aims which many students will not necessarily have an awareness of .

This applies to both ‘ social science history ’ and ‘ hermeneutic history ’ , in Edward Higgs ’ distinction ( if indeed that is a real distinction ) , inasmuch as ‘ data ’ in the sense of meaningful statistical extrapolations depend on ‘ sources ’ of the kind that ‘ hermeneutic ’ historians work with .
this applies to both ‘ social science history ’ and ‘ hermeneutic history ’ , in edward higgs ’ distinction ( if indeed that is a real distinction ) , [since/so far as] as ‘ data ’ in the sense of meaningful statistical extrapolations depend on ‘ sources ’ of the kind that ‘ hermeneutic ’ historians work with .

For Christians ( inasmuch as Christians see a peculiar revelation to have taken place in Christ ) tend to interpret Christ 's words and actions in abstraction from any historical context , or , believing that God in Christ had a particular intention , they understand his words and actions in the light of later church history .
for christians ( [since/so far as] as christians see a peculiar revelation to have taken place in christ ) tend to interpret christ 's words and actions in abstraction from any historical context , or , believing that god in christ had a particular intention , they understand his words and actions in the light of later church history .

Inasmuch as the parables provide us with some indication of how Jesus saw the world , it must be said that women would appear .
[since/so far as] as the parables provide us with some indication of how jesus saw the world , it must be said that women would appear .

It could well be argued that inasmuch as there is a relationship between the second person of the trinity and the male human being Jesus , God becomes relatively more anthropomorphized , so appearing more masculine .
it could well be argued that [since/so far as] as there is a relationship between the second person of the trinity and the male human being jesus , god becomes relatively more anthropomorphized , so appearing more masculine .

Collocations are similar to dictionary definitions inasmuch as they can be expressed as a headword followed by a list of semantically related words .
collocations are similar to dictionary definitions [since/so far as] as they can be expressed as a headword followed by a list of semantically related words .

The real trouble is that the more restricted field causes problems inasmuch as the binoculars have to be really steadily held .
the real trouble is that the more restricted field causes problems [since/so far as] as the binoculars have to be really steadily held .

Montanari was no doubt puzzled , and it was not until 1782 that the cause of Algol 's variations was explained by John Goodricke , a most unusual astronomer inasmuch as he was deaf and dumb , and died at the early age of 21 .
montanari was no doubt puzzled , and it was not until 1782 that the cause of algol 's variations was explained by john goodricke , a most unusual astronomer [since/so far as] as he was deaf and dumb , and died at the early age of 21 .

However , inasmuch as such regimes did not , at least in theory , identify with any of their constituent nationalities and regard the interests of each of them as secondary to a higher common purpose , they were non-national .
however , [since/so far as] as such regimes did not , at least in theory , identify with any of their constituent nationalities and regard the interests of each of them as secondary to a higher common purpose , they were non-national .

Inasmuch as the media does reproduce such accounts it sustains the status quo , since ‘ the problem ’ is said to lie within the individual and not wider social processes , implying that a solution comes through changes in the individual rather than in society .
[since/so far as] as the media does reproduce such accounts it sustains the status quo , since ‘ the problem ’ is said to lie within the individual and not wider social processes , implying that a solution comes through changes in the individual rather than in society .

Critics of Townsend argue that this is a spurious claim inasmuch as it depends on Townsend making very dubious judgements about what the social needs are of which people might be ‘ deprived ’ .
critics of townsend argue that this is a spurious claim [since/so far as] as it depends on townsend making very dubious judgements about what the social needs are of which people might be ‘ deprived ’ .

Alternatively , one could ask whether the working class suffer social closure inasmuch as its members find upward mobility into the ranks of the middle class exceptionally difficult .
alternatively , one could ask whether the working class suffer social closure [since/so far as] as its members find upward mobility into the ranks of the middle class exceptionally difficult .

( Alternatively , therefore , the indifference curve has sometimes been taken to reflect the preferences of the median voter inasmuch as there are circumstances in which , when the majority voting rule applies , the decision from the local community will be that of the median voter . )
( alternatively , therefore , the indifference curve has sometimes been taken to reflect the preferences of the median voter [since/so far as] as there are circumstances in which , when the majority voting rule applies , the decision from the local community will be that of the median voter . )

Local authorities in aggregate may suffer a fiscal imbalance inasmuch as they are unable to finance all those expenditure programmes that are considered desirable .
local authorities in aggregate may suffer a fiscal imbalance [since/so far as] as they are unable to finance all those expenditure programmes that are considered desirable .

The structuralist position derived from Saussure is anti-empiricist , inasmuch as its emphasis on the arbitrary and conventional nature of language leads to the view that knowledge is not in any way the product of experience .
the structuralist position derived from saussure is anti-empiricist , [since/so far as] as its emphasis on the arbitrary and conventional nature of language leads to the view that knowledge is not in any way the product of experience .

Inasmuch as teachers by tradition are more closely associated with the planning and delivery of the curricular components of education than with arguments about priorities and about the distribution of resources , curriculum development has been a prime element of professional management .
[since/so far as] as teachers by tradition are more closely associated with the planning and delivery of the curricular components of education than with arguments about priorities and about the distribution of resources , curriculum development has been a prime element of professional management .

We suggest that , while bicycles may be recognizable by reference to the fact that they are damaged ( as in ( 59 ) ) , we can not easily describe bicycles as belonging to us in the same respect ; nor can we refer to ideas as belonging to you inasmuch as they are `` discussed `` .
we suggest that , while bicycles may be recognizable by reference to the fact that they are damaged ( as in ( 59 ) ) , we can not easily describe bicycles as belonging to us in the same respect ; nor can we refer to ideas as belonging to you [since/so far as] as they are `` discussed `` .

There is , of course , no doubt that the mere fact that a covenant , whether on the part of the landlord or of a tenant , involves an obligation to pay a liquidated sum of money does not of itself demonstrate that the covenant is not one which touches and concerns the land … The tenant argues … that , inasmuch as the tenant 's obligation to pay over the deposit on the execution of the lease was an obligation to secure the performance of covenants which touched and concerned the land , it was an obligation inextricably associated with covenants whose benefit and burden would pass with the reversion in the lease respectively .
there is , of course , no doubt that the mere fact that a covenant , whether on the part of the landlord or of a tenant , involves an obligation to pay a liquidated sum of money does not of itself demonstrate that the covenant is not one which touches and concerns the land … the tenant argues … that , [since/so far as] as the tenant 's obligation to pay over the deposit on the execution of the lease was an obligation to secure the performance of covenants which touched and concerned the land , it was an obligation inextricably associated with covenants whose benefit and burden would pass with the reversion in the lease respectively .

Marx recognised as much when he interposed the `` period of manufacture `` between that of guild manufacture and that of `` machino-facture `` : `` Inasmuch as handicraft skill formed the basis of manufacture and inasmuch as the integral mechanism which was at work in manufacture had no objective skeleton existing apart from the workers themselves , capital had continually to wrestle with the subordination of the workers . ``
marx recognised as much when he interposed the `` period of manufacture `` between that of guild manufacture and that of `` machino-facture `` : `` [since/so far as] as handicraft skill formed the basis of manufacture and [since/so far as] as the integral mechanism which was at work in manufacture had no objective skeleton existing apart from the workers themselves , capital had continually to wrestle with the subordination of the workers . ``

These provisions apply only inasmuch as trade between Member States is affected .
these provisions apply only [since/so far as] as trade between member states is affected .

We will argue that in uses such as these perception is being evoked only inasmuch as the act of perception is the condition allowing one to assert that the infinitive event actually occurred .
we will argue that in uses such as these perception is being evoked only [since/so far as] as the act of perception is the condition allowing one to assert that the infinitive event actually occurred .

This suggests that the modals differ from do auxiliary in involving a representation of the infinitive event , not as something whose real existence coincides with the present or past time-stretch expressed by the auxiliary , but as something which coincides with the modal only inasmuch as its existence as a potential is concerned .
this suggests that the modals differ from do auxiliary in involving a representation of the infinitive event , not as something whose real existence coincides with the present or past time-stretch expressed by the auxiliary , but as something which coincides with the modal only [since/so far as] as its existence as a potential is concerned .

This confluence simplifies the task of social policy , inasmuch as measures that will alleviate many health problems of young children will also have a salutary effect upon mothers .
this confluence simplifies the task of social policy , [since/so far as] as measures that will alleviate many health problems of young children will also have a salutary effect upon mothers .

Wishful thinking creates a fantasy world in which we are to act and inasmuch as that world is false our actions will be ineffective .
wishful thinking creates a fantasy world in which we are to act and [since/so far as] as that world is false our actions will be ineffective .

Occasionally , when Karajan has conducted an Offenbach overture with unusual verve and power , one is reminded that Bismarck was one of the Frenchman 's greatest admirers ; but inasmuch as Karajan 's own personality seeps into his conducting of comic music , it is a certain mordancy of spirit that shines through .
occasionally , when karajan has conducted an offenbach overture with unusual verve and power , one is reminded that bismarck was one of the frenchman 's greatest admirers ; but [since/so far as] as karajan 's own personality seeps into his conducting of comic music , it is a certain mordancy of spirit that shines through .

Inasmuch as the later advance or service is beneficial to the holder of an earlier lien , it will , as a rule , rank in priority to it .
[since/so far as] as the later advance or service is beneficial to the holder of an earlier lien , it will , as a rule , rank in priority to it .

But inasmuch as these two chapters show that routine policing exists in the province , they are useful as a corrective to the folk model of policing in Northern Ireland , which assumes that all policing is related to the troubles ; that police officers have been brutalized as a result of their baton guns , face masks , and riot shields ; and that they know or prefer no other mode of police work .
but [since/so far as] as these two chapters show that routine policing exists in the province , they are useful as a corrective to the folk model of policing in northern ireland , which assumes that all policing is related to the troubles ; that police officers have been brutalized as a result of their baton guns , face masks , and riot shields ; and that they know or prefer no other mode of police work .

Was it because of Emmanuel Steele , who had his shoemaking shop between the Misses Cardings and the bakery and who was well into his forties , but apparently had no use for women , inasmuch as he did his own housework in the rooms above the shop , and ate most of his meals out .
was it because of emmanuel steele , who had his shoemaking shop between the misses cardings and the bakery and who was well into his forties , but apparently had no use for women , [since/so far as] as he did his own housework in the rooms above the shop , and ate most of his meals out .

English law might be said to recognize a right to self-determination , inasmuch as suicide is no longer a crime , but that right does not yield a clear answer to the present difficulty .
english law might be said to recognize a right to self-determination , [since/so far as] as suicide is no longer a crime , but that right does not yield a clear answer to the present difficulty .

The decision in Morgan has been hailed as a turning-point in English criminal law , inasmuch as the House of Lords resoundingly affirmed the subjective principle of guilt .
the decision in morgan has been hailed as a turning-point in english criminal law , [since/so far as] as the house of lords resoundingly affirmed the subjective principle of guilt .

And three or four years later , in an essay that is still valuable inasmuch as it is a catena diligently culled from curious reading , Pound urges readers of The Egoist to pay attention to Ovid rather than ‘ the more Tennysonian Virgil ’ .
and three or four years later , in an essay that is still valuable [since/so far as] as it is a catena diligently culled from curious reading , pound urges readers of the egoist to pay attention to ovid rather than ‘ the more tennysonian virgil ’ .

Inasmuch as that additional reason may tip the balance one can perhaps over-dramatize the situation by saying that an authoritative requirement is a reason to act against the balance of reasons on the merits of the case .
[since/so far as] as that additional reason may tip the balance one can perhaps over-dramatize the situation by saying that an authoritative requirement is a reason to act against the balance of reasons on the merits of the case .

The pre-emption thesis will be readily accepted inasmuch as it concerns successful authoritative directives , i.e .
the pre-emption thesis will be readily accepted [since/so far as] as it concerns successful authoritative directives , i.e .

Inasmuch as they are motivated by one 's consent they become , in a small undramatic way , an expression of one 's attitude to one 's society .
[since/so far as] as they are motivated by one 's consent they become , in a small undramatic way , an expression of one 's attitude to one 's society .

Staphylococci are different inasmuch as they produce toxin ( poisonous chemical ) when they are actively growing .
staphylococci are different [since/so far as] as they produce toxin ( poisonous chemical ) when they are actively growing .

The ‘ secret ’ , inasmuch as there is one , is to break style-level descriptions down into smaller behavioural bits .
the ‘ secret ’ , [since/so far as] as there is one , is to break style-level descriptions down into smaller behavioural bits .

The story 's details suggest he has a point , inasmuch as it relates that China is still providing missile and chemical/biological warfare technology to Iran and Pakistan .
the story 's details suggest he has a point , [since/so far as] as it relates that china is still providing missile and chemical/biological warfare technology to iran and pakistan .

Inasmuch as the sublimated sexuality of his relationships is so central to the form and spirit of Cornell 's art , only the kind of biography licensed by our decade 's disregard of privacy could hope to explain how the art came about and what it meant to be an artist .
[since/so far as] as the sublimated sexuality of his relationships is so central to the form and spirit of cornell 's art , only the kind of biography licensed by our decade 's disregard of privacy could hope to explain how the art came about and what it meant to be an artist .

That is only to be expected , inasmuch as most of the aforementioned 8,400 reporters are interviewing the same three or four people -- democrats Martin Lee , Emily Lau , and Christine Loh .
that is only to be expected , [since/so far as] as most of the aforementioned 8,400 reporters are interviewing the same three or four people -- democrats martin lee , emily lau , and christine loh .

