The `` fruitful course '' of metropolitanization that you recommend is currently practiced by the town of East Greenwich and had its inception long before we learned what it was called .
the `` fruitful course '' of metropolitanization that you recommend is currently practiced by the town of east greenwich and had its [start/beginning] long before we learned what it was called .

With this act of disobedience , and not with the inception of his individual existence , man began the downward circuit on the spiral of history , descending from the created capacity for immortality to an inescapable mortality .
with this act of disobedience , and not with the [start/beginning] of his individual existence , man began the downward circuit on the spiral of history , descending from the created capacity for immortality to an inescapable mortality .

Last year Robert Harris , a leading Junior Handler entered the Dog Judging Contest ( Junior ) at the International KC of Chicago show and had the highest score in judging of any Junior since the Class' inception .
last year robert harris , a leading junior handler entered the dog judging contest ( junior ) at the international kc of chicago show and had the highest score in judging of any junior since the class' [start/beginning] .

In purchasing Louisiana , Jefferson had to adopt Hamilton's broad construction of the Constitution , and so did Madison in advocating the rechartering of Hamilton's bank , which he had so strenuously opposed at its inception , and in adopting a Hamiltonian protective tariff .
in purchasing louisiana , jefferson had to adopt hamilton's broad construction of the constitution , and so did madison in advocating the rechartering of hamilton's bank , which he had so strenuously opposed at its [start/beginning] , and in adopting a hamiltonian protective tariff .

This means that the inception of change itself can begin only when the factors conducive to change have already become more powerful than those anchoring the existent form in being .
this means that the [start/beginning] of change itself can begin only when the factors conducive to change have already become more powerful than those anchoring the existent form in being .

From its inception in 1920 with the passage of Public Law 236 , 66th Congress , the purpose of the vocational rehabilitation program has been to assist the States , by means of grants-in-aid , to return disabled men and women to productive , gainful employment .
from its [start/beginning] in 1920 with the passage of public law 236 , 66th congress , the purpose of the vocational rehabilitation program has been to assist the states , by means of grants-in-aid , to return disabled men and women to productive , gainful employment .

For the past two years , a cross-party section of politicians , mountaineers , hillwalkers and fishermen has lobbied the Ministry of Defence to retain the unit at Leuchars , which since its inception in 1955 has carried out 2,731 rescues .
for the past two years , a cross-party section of politicians , mountaineers , hillwalkers and fishermen has lobbied the ministry of defence to retain the unit at leuchars , which since its [start/beginning] in 1955 has carried out 2,731 rescues .

Mr Field , 47 , a chartered accountant , has worked for Capital House , which now has more than £4 billion under management , since its inception , having previously worked for Save & Prosper and Britannia Unit Trust Managers .
mr field , 47 , a chartered accountant , has worked for capital house , which now has more than £4 billion under management , since its [start/beginning] , having previously worked for save & prosper and britannia unit trust managers .

The lunches , which feature good food , wine and wit , have been a notable success since their inception in 1991 .
the lunches , which feature good food , wine and wit , have been a notable success since their [start/beginning] in 1991 .

From its inception Mr Sherriff was involved with the Keepers of the Quaich , a body whose aim is the promotion of the Scotch whisky industry , and he was a past president of the Wine & Spirit Association of Scotland .
from its [start/beginning] mr sherriff was involved with the keepers of the quaich , a body whose aim is the promotion of the scotch whisky industry , and he was a past president of the wine & spirit association of scotland .

Since its inception in 1984 the Middlesbrough 10k Road Race and Fun Run has proved itself one of the premier events of its kind in the North-East .
since its [start/beginning] in 1984 the middlesbrough 10k road race and fun run has proved itself one of the premier events of its kind in the north-east .

The International Wine Challenge has grown since its inception in 1984 to become the world 's largest and most respected wine competition .
the international wine challenge has grown since its [start/beginning] in 1984 to become the world 's largest and most respected wine competition .

Well as Mike said , since the inception of the Service for Industry programme in nineteen eighty , the University of Sussex has helped nearly a hundred local companies .
well as mike said , since the [start/beginning] of the service for industry programme in nineteen eighty , the university of sussex has helped nearly a hundred local companies .

The German Dynacord company remain relatively unheralded within the modern music industry , even though they 've been around for over forty years , in fact since the very inception of electronic amplification .
the german dynacord company remain relatively unheralded within the modern music industry , even though they 've been around for over forty years , in fact since the very [start/beginning] of electronic amplification .

Although homoeopathy has been a part of the British National Health Service since its inception in 1948 , it has never been taught as an undergraduate subject in any of the medical schools in Britain .
although homoeopathy has been a part of the british national health service since its [start/beginning] in 1948 , it has never been taught as an undergraduate subject in any of the medical schools in britain .

It is , however , one thing to argue that in their inception , the Parliaments of Great Britain and of the United Kingdom were not necessarily sovereign .
it is , however , one thing to argue that in their [start/beginning] , the parliaments of great britain and of the united kingdom were not necessarily sovereign .

From its inception the Empire was therefore a loosely organised confederacy of allies , bound by common friendship and a mutual loyalty to the Emperor .
from its [start/beginning] the empire was therefore a loosely organised confederacy of allies , bound by common friendship and a mutual loyalty to the emperor .

We read that the meaning of the embellishment on metalwork ‘ can not be recaptured from the archaeological material ’ and it can not be interpreted from the ‘ surviving literature , which was written down long after the inception of the style ’ ( Wilson 1976a , p. 3 ) .
we read that the meaning of the embellishment on metalwork ‘ can not be recaptured from the archaeological material ’ and it can not be interpreted from the ‘ surviving literature , which was written down long after the [start/beginning] of the style ’ ( wilson 1976a , p. 3 ) .

The public sector and its workers have benefited from a series of pre-election sweeteners , but Major 's one ‘ big idea ’ , the Citizen 's Charter , has offered diminishing returns for the Tories from its inception .
the public sector and its workers have benefited from a series of pre-election sweeteners , but major 's one ‘ big idea ’ , the citizen 's charter , has offered diminishing returns for the tories from its [start/beginning] .

The past two centuries have seen the gradual evolution of separate educational establishments catering from their time of inception for identifiable disabilities and categories of handicap ( Warnock Report 1978 ) .
the past two centuries have seen the gradual evolution of separate educational establishments catering from their time of [start/beginning] for identifiable disabilities and categories of handicap ( warnock report 1978 ) .

Means of communication that have developed since the inception of the press in the 17th and 18th centuries — notably , television and radio — have tended to adapt these theories to suit their own special requirements .
means of communication that have developed since the [start/beginning] of the press in the 17th and 18th centuries — notably , television and radio — have tended to adapt these theories to suit their own special requirements .

It was only later that the company came to acquire a social and political direction ; in its inception it was an ‘ expedient solution to a technical problem ’ .
it was only later that the company came to acquire a social and political direction ; in its [start/beginning] it was an ‘ expedient solution to a technical problem ’ .

Nevertheless , during the course of the interviews and our con-versations with friends and contacts in the profession it became apparent that the local law society 's publicly stated reason for the promotion of the scheme provided only a partial explanation of its inception .
nevertheless , during the course of the interviews and our con-versations with friends and contacts in the profession it became apparent that the local law society 's publicly stated reason for the promotion of the scheme provided only a partial explanation of its [start/beginning] .

Tony was with Miaco from its inception in 1967 when it was located at Hal Far airfield ( more of this in the January issue ) , moving through to the Hal Safi site in February 1979 .
tony was with miaco from its [start/beginning] in 1967 when it was located at hal far airfield ( more of this in the january issue ) , moving through to the hal safi site in february 1979 .

The existence of our own imprint , Merchiston Publishing , permits students to experience taking an actual publishing project from inception through every stage of research and development , editing , design , production and marketing .
the existence of our own imprint , merchiston publishing , permits students to experience taking an actual publishing project from [start/beginning] through every stage of research and development , editing , design , production and marketing .

This process involved the shedding of ‘ the epistemological baggage with which it was freighted at its inception ’ ( Coser writing in 1971 , quoted by House 1977 : 222n ) .
this process involved the shedding of ‘ the epistemological baggage with which it was freighted at its [start/beginning] ’ ( coser writing in 1971 , quoted by house 1977 : 222n ) .

You 'll care as little at the climax ( in fact the three climaxes — the tragic one , the Scooby Doo happy one and the moral-at-the-end one ) as you did at the inception .
you 'll care as little at the climax ( in fact the three climaxes — the tragic one , the scooby doo happy one and the moral-at-the-end one ) as you did at the [start/beginning] .

If there was any criticism of the engine , it was that the aluminium alloys used gave the impression of not standing up the rigours of 40 years under the ground quite so well . It is doubtful , however , that this was one of the criteria uppermost in the minds of the metallurgist during the engine 's inception !
if there was any criticism of the engine , it was that the aluminium alloys used gave the impression of not standing up the rigours of 40 years under the ground quite so well . it is doubtful , however , that this was one of the criteria uppermost in the minds of the metallurgist during the engine 's [start/beginning] !

Charlie Chaplin was without doubt a major figure during Hollywood 's inception , a star who stoutly refused to play ball with Senator Joe McCarthy 's communist witch-hunt in the dark days of the Fifties .
charlie chaplin was without doubt a major figure during hollywood 's [start/beginning] , a star who stoutly refused to play ball with senator joe mccarthy 's communist witch-hunt in the dark days of the fifties .

Since its inception in 1981 the largest field for the Rehearsal has been six but its winners have included Bregawn in 1982 and Burrough Hill Lad in 1985 .
since its [start/beginning] in 1981 the largest field for the rehearsal has been six but its winners have included bregawn in 1982 and burrough hill lad in 1985 .

‘ Could it be that any living creature has its inception with the creation of a discontinuity in space ( a vortex ) through which life energy flows , sweeping biological molecules , matter , and perhaps even entire embryos along with it in predictable , spiral trajectories ? Could it be physically meaningful to entertain the concept of a morphic field of life energy which radiates from a pole for the span of the organism 's lifetime ? ’
‘ could it be that any living creature has its [start/beginning] with the creation of a discontinuity in space ( a vortex ) through which life energy flows , sweeping biological molecules , matter , and perhaps even entire embryos along with it in predictable , spiral trajectories ? could it be physically meaningful to entertain the concept of a morphic field of life energy which radiates from a pole for the span of the organism 's lifetime ? ’

He was also a regular contributor to Radio 4 's Moneybox programme from its inception in 1977 , and joined David Dimbleby 's panel of experts every year commentating on the Budget .
he was also a regular contributor to radio 4 's moneybox programme from its [start/beginning] in 1977 , and joined david dimbleby 's panel of experts every year commentating on the budget .

Their decisions have lasted in the shape of the Lewes Town Book which has survived from its inception in 1542 , unlike the older records which have vanished .
their decisions have lasted in the shape of the lewes town book which has survived from its [start/beginning] in 1542 , unlike the older records which have vanished .

Mr Forsyth said : ‘ May Day has attracted criticism since its inception . ’
mr forsyth said : ‘ may day has attracted criticism since its [start/beginning] . ’

Justice Bhagwati 's leading opinion burns with red-hot anger ; the Court is appalled and ashamed that such a thing should happen in a democratic , socialist India , over a quarter of a century after the inception of its Constitution .
justice bhagwati 's leading opinion burns with red-hot anger ; the court is appalled and ashamed that such a thing should happen in a democratic , socialist india , over a quarter of a century after the [start/beginning] of its constitution .

The Family Care Scheme , which provided care for children in their own homes was from its inception open to children with disabilities and their families .
the family care scheme , which provided care for children in their own homes was from its [start/beginning] open to children with disabilities and their families .

Creative politics may well have served the lads handsomely at their inception , but it 's the stupid sounds that secure their place in history .
creative politics may well have served the lads handsomely at their [start/beginning] , but it 's the stupid sounds that secure their place in history .

Since the show 's inception in high-flying 1989 , attendance and sales had slipped in direct proportion to the misery on 57th Street and West Broadway but now things are apparently looking up .
since the show 's [start/beginning] in high-flying 1989 , attendance and sales had slipped in direct proportion to the misery on 57th street and west broadway but now things are apparently looking up .

The Council of Europe nevertheless survived and within its limited competence has reason to be proud of the work it has done since its inception .
the council of europe nevertheless survived and within its limited competence has reason to be proud of the work it has done since its [start/beginning] .

An insistence on international support and co-operation had been a central feature of missionary Calvinism from its inception , and during the early seventeenth century it was regarded as essential to the survival of the Reformed faith in the face of the threat from a resurgent counter-Reformation Catholicism .
an insistence on international support and co-operation had been a central feature of missionary calvinism from its [start/beginning] , and during the early seventeenth century it was regarded as essential to the survival of the reformed faith in the face of the threat from a resurgent counter-reformation catholicism .

It is in the light of such that we can begin to understand the inception and growth of the Labour Party .
it is in the light of such that we can begin to understand the [start/beginning] and growth of the labour party .

John Wilkes 's North Briton has its own brand of excitements , and a complete run of the Gentleman 's Magazine , from its inception in 1731 , will occupy a good deal of shelf room and , probably , a decade or two of happy searching .
john wilkes 's north briton has its own brand of excitements , and a complete run of the gentleman 's magazine , from its [start/beginning] in 1731 , will occupy a good deal of shelf room and , probably , a decade or two of happy searching .

North America differs from Western Europe because the construction of a dominant ideology was capitalist from its inception : no pre-existing feudal aristocracy had to be displaced .
north america differs from western europe because the construction of a dominant ideology was capitalist from its [start/beginning] : no pre-existing feudal aristocracy had to be displaced .

Kent , taking full advantage of the disciplinary action that ended the 11 year reign of Essex as boys ' champions , won the Midland Bank Junior County Cup for the first time since its inception in 1967 , at Bournemouth during April .
kent , taking full advantage of the disciplinary action that ended the 11 year reign of essex as boys ' champions , won the midland bank junior county cup for the first time since its [start/beginning] in 1967 , at bournemouth during april .

Like Cadbury 's chocolate , the recipe and packaging of the Mills and Boon volume may not have altered much since its inception , but the methods of marketing and distribution have changed dramatically since the early days of the twopenny library .
like cadbury 's chocolate , the recipe and packaging of the mills and boon volume may not have altered much since its [start/beginning] , but the methods of marketing and distribution have changed dramatically since the early days of the twopenny library .

For the inception of monumental painting , as for most of its history , we are reduced largely to conjecture , based on often ambiguous evidence from vase-painting and on the literary tradition .
for the [start/beginning] of monumental painting , as for most of its history , we are reduced largely to conjecture , based on often ambiguous evidence from vase-painting and on the literary tradition .

45 , painted perhaps about the time of red-figure 's inception ) .
45 , painted perhaps about the time of red-figure 's [start/beginning] ) .

Since their inception in 1888 and 1894 rural councils had remained largely in the hands of landowners and farmers .
since their [start/beginning] in 1888 and 1894 rural councils had remained largely in the hands of landowners and farmers .

This type of executive still exists in the United States , whose Constitution has not been altered in this particular since its inception .
this type of executive still exists in the united states , whose constitution has not been altered in this particular since its [start/beginning] .

Yet we also know that English is associated with those qualities generally regarded as ‘ feminine ’ ( such as the stress on subjectivity and emotional response ) and that English has , since its inception , been studied mainly by women .
yet we also know that english is associated with those qualities generally regarded as ‘ feminine ’ ( such as the stress on subjectivity and emotional response ) and that english has , since its [start/beginning] , been studied mainly by women .

In pharmaceuticals , in telecommunications , in papermaking , the traditional sequence of research , development , manufacturing , and marketing , is being replaced by syn-chrony : specialists from all these functions work together as a team , from the inception of research to a product 's establishment in the market .
in pharmaceuticals , in telecommunications , in papermaking , the traditional sequence of research , development , manufacturing , and marketing , is being replaced by syn-chrony : specialists from all these functions work together as a team , from the [start/beginning] of research to a product 's establishment in the market .

These have been concerned with documenting changes in American colonial society , from its inception to recent times , through the analysis or material culture , mainly derived from archaeological excavations , but also from extant buildings .
these have been concerned with documenting changes in american colonial society , from its [start/beginning] to recent times , through the analysis or material culture , mainly derived from archaeological excavations , but also from extant buildings .

That theory 's notion of a world economy is , in its simplest form , based on the view that , since the inception of capitalism in Europe , every part of the globe is linked together through a world market and , thereafter , all that happens obeys the logic of that world market so as to generate profits for enterprises in the advanced capitalist countries .
that theory 's notion of a world economy is , in its simplest form , based on the view that , since the [start/beginning] of capitalism in europe , every part of the globe is linked together through a world market and , thereafter , all that happens obeys the logic of that world market so as to generate profits for enterprises in the advanced capitalist countries .

Our thesis is this : educational accountability is not a localised phenomenon , therefore , what appear to be local responses may have a wider significance than was imagined at their inception .
our thesis is this : educational accountability is not a localised phenomenon , therefore , what appear to be local responses may have a wider significance than was imagined at their [start/beginning] .

From its inception , traditional medicine came to form an integral part of the popular health system , while in the ‘ official ’ system it was either ignored and ridiculed or was incorporated and exploited for profit .
from its [start/beginning] , traditional medicine came to form an integral part of the popular health system , while in the ‘ official ’ system it was either ignored and ridiculed or was incorporated and exploited for profit .

For instance , from the very inception of the Copernican programme it was clear that adequate mathematical techniques for manipulating epicyclic motions , improved techniques for astronomical observations and adequate theories governing the use of a variety of instruments were necessary for the elaboration and detailed application of the programme .
for instance , from the very [start/beginning] of the copernican programme it was clear that adequate mathematical techniques for manipulating epicyclic motions , improved techniques for astronomical observations and adequate theories governing the use of a variety of instruments were necessary for the elaboration and detailed application of the programme .

From its inception Lenin 's party worked tirelessly to forge the ‘ spontaneous ’ protest of the proletariat into ‘ conscious ’ revolutionary action .
from its [start/beginning] lenin 's party worked tirelessly to forge the ‘ spontaneous ’ protest of the proletariat into ‘ conscious ’ revolutionary action .

Interest in prevention of the break-up of families was discernible from the inception of the child care service .
interest in prevention of the break-up of families was discernible from the [start/beginning] of the child care service .

Papers based on such data have appeared in the medical literature on many occasions since the inception of the yellow card scheme in 1964 .
papers based on such data have appeared in the medical literature on many occasions since the [start/beginning] of the yellow card scheme in 1964 .

The structure of levels was an essential part of the National Curriculum from its inception .
the structure of levels was an essential part of the national curriculum from its [start/beginning] .

But it is quite extraordinary that no woman has won the prize since it 's inception .
but it is quite extraordinary that no woman has won the prize since it 's [start/beginning] .

Most contemporary forms of disorder have been evident since the inception of professional soccer in the 1870s .
most contemporary forms of disorder have been evident since the [start/beginning] of professional soccer in the 1870s .

The present wave of Troubles has its basis in the Catholic grievances about discriminatory practices which have operated against them ever since the state 's inception ( cf .
the present wave of troubles has its basis in the catholic grievances about discriminatory practices which have operated against them ever since the state 's [start/beginning] ( cf .

The Youth Training Scheme has , from its inception , been riddled with racist practices .
the youth training scheme has , from its [start/beginning] , been riddled with racist practices .

Inception of insurance :
[start/beginning] of insurance :

He was a member of the new Company of Royal Adventurers trading into Africa from its inception , and was an assistant 1666–8 and 1670–1 ; he was a committee member of the East India Company in 1666–7 , 1668–74 , and 1675–7 ; deputy governor of the Hudson 's Bay Company in 1670–5 ; and an elder brother of Trinity House from 1670 to his death .
he was a member of the new company of royal adventurers trading into africa from its [start/beginning] , and was an assistant 1666–8 and 1670–1 ; he was a committee member of the east india company in 1666–7 , 1668–74 , and 1675–7 ; deputy governor of the hudson 's bay company in 1670–5 ; and an elder brother of trinity house from 1670 to his death .

His most important legacy to meteorology was as secretary of the International Meteorological Committee from its inception in 1874 until 1900 .
his most important legacy to meteorology was as secretary of the international meteorological committee from its [start/beginning] in 1874 until 1900 .

The defeat of the Welsh rising of 1294 led to the inception in 1295 of James 's last great commission , Beaumaris Castle in Anglesey , Britain 's most perfect example of the concentric castle plan .
the defeat of the welsh rising of 1294 led to the [start/beginning] in 1295 of james 's last great commission , beaumaris castle in anglesey , britain 's most perfect example of the concentric castle plan .

Even though the offences under consideration have a statutory source , they have been the subject of a good deal of judicial development , reflecting the gradual and incremental changes in the social and legal functions that the police force has been expected to undertake since its inception .
even though the offences under consideration have a statutory source , they have been the subject of a good deal of judicial development , reflecting the gradual and incremental changes in the social and legal functions that the police force has been expected to undertake since its [start/beginning] .

Russell , 1957 ) as described in the New Naturalist Series of books and interest in soil processes and soil dynamics also led to the inception of new ideas .
russell , 1957 ) as described in the new naturalist series of books and interest in soil processes and soil dynamics also led to the [start/beginning] of new ideas .

More ( 1967 ) in a review of hydrological models in geography concluded that although there are large areas of overlap between hydrology and geography , the two disciplines have developed quite separately , that many of the hydrological models developed have not been geographic in their inception , but that geographers should not ignore the implications of the fast-moving science of hydrology .
more ( 1967 ) in a review of hydrological models in geography concluded that although there are large areas of overlap between hydrology and geography , the two disciplines have developed quite separately , that many of the hydrological models developed have not been geographic in their [start/beginning] , but that geographers should not ignore the implications of the fast-moving science of hydrology .

This is how Ernest Theodossin , the historian of the modular movement , describes the origins and inception of the Oxford Polytechnic scheme .
this is how ernest theodossin , the historian of the modular movement , describes the origins and [start/beginning] of the oxford polytechnic scheme .

Housing advice centres were coming into existence at about the time that the first law centre was being opened , and it is not unrealistic to attribute their inception to the generally increased awareness of the need for advice services .
housing advice centres were coming into existence at about the time that the first law centre was being opened , and it is not unrealistic to attribute their [start/beginning] to the generally increased awareness of the need for advice services .

The distinction had been criticised by both the Law Society and the Lord Chancellor 's Advisory Committee from its inception .
the distinction had been criticised by both the law society and the lord chancellor 's advisory committee from its [start/beginning] .

This meant that , once the prosecution had established the use of force , it had to go on to prove that the victim had ‘ resisted to the utmost from the inception to the close of the attack .
this meant that , once the prosecution had established the use of force , it had to go on to prove that the victim had ‘ resisted to the utmost from the [start/beginning] to the close of the attack .

In his brilliantly perceptive book , ‘ Beyond a Boundary ’ , James traces the history of the modern game back to its inception during the lifetime of Hazlitt ( 1778–1830 ) .
in his brilliantly perceptive book , ‘ beyond a boundary ’ , james traces the history of the modern game back to its [start/beginning] during the lifetime of hazlitt ( 1778–1830 ) .

There 's one case , however , where a buyer can be told at the inception of a matter that the lease will provide that it ca n't be assigned without the lessor 's licence : the Ecclesiastical Commissioners and one or two other bodies insist on such a covenant in all their leases .
there 's one case , however , where a buyer can be told at the [start/beginning] of a matter that the lease will provide that it ca n't be assigned without the lessor 's licence : the ecclesiastical commissioners and one or two other bodies insist on such a covenant in all their leases .

The scheme has already been changed since its inception .
the scheme has already been changed since its [start/beginning] .

Since its inception the Design Museum has been criticised for the way its exhibits fail to distinguish themselves from department store displays ; to some extent the museum has tried to work analytically with this analogy — its inaugural exhibition , for example , was aimed at exploring the relationships between ‘ commerce and culture ’ .
since its [start/beginning] the design museum has been criticised for the way its exhibits fail to distinguish themselves from department store displays ; to some extent the museum has tried to work analytically with this analogy — its inaugural exhibition , for example , was aimed at exploring the relationships between ‘ commerce and culture ’ .

As a Scottish member of the Parliament in London for more than thirty years after its inception in 1707 , he had the opportunity to make direct contrasts between what he saw of improved English farming methods and those still prevailing in his own country .
as a scottish member of the parliament in london for more than thirty years after its [start/beginning] in 1707 , he had the opportunity to make direct contrasts between what he saw of improved english farming methods and those still prevailing in his own country .

This must be a result of the extravagant claims made at the movement 's inception , what Leith ( 1969 ) has described as the work of `` flamboyant cheer leaders `` .
this must be a result of the extravagant claims made at the movement 's [start/beginning] , what leith ( 1969 ) has described as the work of `` flamboyant cheer leaders `` .

The English Association was set up to promote the maintenance of `` correct use of English , spoken and written `` , the recognition of English as `` an essential element in the national education `` , and the discussion of teaching methods and advanced study as well as the correlation of school with university work.48 From the beginning , personnel attached to the new Board of Education seem to have been sympathetic to the view of English as the most natural candidate to lead a mission of cultural renewal : at any rate , from its inception the English Association set out to ensure that such was the case .
the english association was set up to promote the maintenance of `` correct use of english , spoken and written `` , the recognition of english as `` an essential element in the national education `` , and the discussion of teaching methods and advanced study as well as the correlation of school with university work.48 from the beginning , personnel attached to the new board of education seem to have been sympathetic to the view of english as the most natural candidate to lead a mission of cultural renewal : at any rate , from its [start/beginning] the english association set out to ensure that such was the case .

As the 26th annual Cologne Art Fair approaches , it seems only appropriate to pay tribute to those veteran galleries founded before the Fair 's inception in 1967 which have continued to thrive .
as the 26th annual cologne art fair approaches , it seems only appropriate to pay tribute to those veteran galleries founded before the fair 's [start/beginning] in 1967 which have continued to thrive .

The most simple and primitive in contemporary use , these looms have changed little since their inception several millennia ago ; they consist of four wooden beams which are laid out flat and secured by pegs driven into the ground .
the most simple and primitive in contemporary use , these looms have changed little since their [start/beginning] several millennia ago ; they consist of four wooden beams which are laid out flat and secured by pegs driven into the ground .

Under the title Crime Knows No Boundaries the report was published on 19 January 1966 , less than a year after the inception of the policy group .
under the title crime knows no boundaries the report was published on 19 january 1966 , less than a year after the [start/beginning] of the policy group .

Harvard Securities organised a surprise raid on the premises of Tudorbury 's new sharedealing floor shortly after its inception .
harvard securities organised a surprise raid on the premises of tudorbury 's new sharedealing floor shortly after its [start/beginning] .

Since the inception of the project in the school , and until the hardening of industrial action , the library committee had remained an active forum for policy debate and staff development on library-related matters , including study skills .
since the [start/beginning] of the project in the school , and until the hardening of industrial action , the library committee had remained an active forum for policy debate and staff development on library-related matters , including study skills .

At the moment of its inception , however , the reformed system of criminal justice was greeted with howling disapproval .
at the moment of its [start/beginning] , however , the reformed system of criminal justice was greeted with howling disapproval .

‘ As the University is so pressurised for space we must make sure now that we get the best courses that we possibly can and that they will earn the income to justify their inception .
‘ as the university is so pressurised for space we must make sure now that we get the best courses that we possibly can and that they will earn the income to justify their [start/beginning] .

Maurice Fermoy became the Conservative Member of Parliament for King 's Lynn while his Scottish wife , who gave up a promising career as a concert pianist to marry , founded the King 's Lynn Festival for Arts and Music which , since its inception in 1951 , has attracted world renowned musicians such as Sir John Barbirolli and Yehudi Menuhin .
maurice fermoy became the conservative member of parliament for king 's lynn while his scottish wife , who gave up a promising career as a concert pianist to marry , founded the king 's lynn festival for arts and music which , since its [start/beginning] in 1951 , has attracted world renowned musicians such as sir john barbirolli and yehudi menuhin .

This is often a legacy of historic inception , piecemeal development , and political expediency .
this is often a legacy of historic [start/beginning] , piecemeal development , and political expediency .

William Beveridge , who was a member of the Committee from its inception in 1934 until 1944 , was keenly aware of this problem of less eligibility and was convinced that a scheme of family allowances could help to overcome it .
william beveridge , who was a member of the committee from its [start/beginning] in 1934 until 1944 , was keenly aware of this problem of less eligibility and was convinced that a scheme of family allowances could help to overcome it .

Conditions Precedent to the Policy — These are Conditions which apply to the conduct of the Insured before the inception of the policy , namely the duty of ‘ utmost good faith ’ .
conditions precedent to the policy — these are conditions which apply to the conduct of the insured before the [start/beginning] of the policy , namely the duty of ‘ utmost good faith ’ .

The proposal form should be checked to see if the Policyholder disclosed the illness/injury or if the complaint first occurred after inception of the policy , did the Policyholder disclose this at the appropriate renewal date .
the proposal form should be checked to see if the policyholder disclosed the illness/injury or if the complaint first occurred after [start/beginning] of the policy , did the policyholder disclose this at the appropriate renewal date .

Since its inception , almost 4,000 employees have taken part in the scheme and Heartwatch co-ordinator Andrew Smart said that he was pleased that the project had proved so popular .
since its [start/beginning] , almost 4,000 employees have taken part in the scheme and heartwatch co-ordinator andrew smart said that he was pleased that the project had proved so popular .

During 1992 your Board debated at length the manner in which the Group has been structured since its inception .
during 1992 your board debated at length the manner in which the group has been structured since its [start/beginning] .

The same critics also claimed that the Kenyan Medical Association and the Medical and Dental Practitioners ' Board ( the licensing authority ) had been insufficiently consulted about the programme at its inception .
the same critics also claimed that the kenyan medical association and the medical and dental practitioners ' board ( the licensing authority ) had been insufficiently consulted about the programme at its [start/beginning] .

Phnom Penh home service radio reported on June 21 that a `` clandestine reactionary organization embodying all kinds of inactive and idle people and hooligans `` had recently been smashed at its inception .
phnom penh home service radio reported on june 21 that a `` clandestine reactionary organization embodying all kinds of inactive and idle people and hooligans `` had recently been smashed at its [start/beginning] .

Since their inception in May , the bipartisan negotiations had been characterised by acrimony and distrust , with both Republicans and Democrats accusing each other of seeking to use the budget summit for short-term political advantage .
since their [start/beginning] in may , the bipartisan negotiations had been characterised by acrimony and distrust , with both republicans and democrats accusing each other of seeking to use the budget summit for short-term political advantage .

It was pointed out in Slovakia that the first documents issued in the name of the state at its inception in 1918 had used the hyphenated form , and thousands of Slovaks demonstrated in Bratislava , the Slovak capital , on March 30 against the omission of the hyphen .
it was pointed out in slovakia that the first documents issued in the name of the state at its [start/beginning] in 1918 had used the hyphenated form , and thousands of slovaks demonstrated in bratislava , the slovak capital , on march 30 against the omission of the hyphen .

Since the inception of the Doi Moi campaign in 1986 , the press had been granted a limited `` freedom to comment `` , which it had used to highlight corruption and the failures of government .
since the [start/beginning] of the doi moi campaign in 1986 , the press had been granted a limited `` freedom to comment `` , which it had used to highlight corruption and the failures of government .

The market has grown rapidly since its inception , to a size comparable to or in excess of domestic currency markets .
the market has grown rapidly since its [start/beginning] , to a size comparable to or in excess of domestic currency markets .

Since its inception , Council has operated a programme of capital grants designed to assist governing bodies gain access to facilities suitable for international competition and national training purposes .
since its [start/beginning] , council has operated a programme of capital grants designed to assist governing bodies gain access to facilities suitable for international competition and national training purposes .

a history of the development of Soviet assistance to the LDCs from its inception on a formal basis in the mid-1950s to its apparent demise after the arrival of Gorbachev in the late l980s
a history of the development of soviet assistance to the ldcs from its [start/beginning] on a formal basis in the mid-1950s to its apparent demise after the arrival of gorbachev in the late l980s

The Garden has , since its inception , collaborated on a European and indeed a world-wide scale .
the garden has , since its [start/beginning] , collaborated on a european and indeed a world-wide scale .

Though the basic broad principles of the hierarchy are observable from its inception , probably toward the end of the fifteenth century , it was only gradually that it became elaborated ; and it was only with elaboration that the hierarchy tended gradually to become more rigid and to exert an increasing influence on the attitudes both of the ulema toward their own aspirations and of the people toward the ulema .
though the basic broad principles of the hierarchy are observable from its [start/beginning] , probably toward the end of the fifteenth century , it was only gradually that it became elaborated ; and it was only with elaboration that the hierarchy tended gradually to become more rigid and to exert an increasing influence on the attitudes both of the ulema toward their own aspirations and of the people toward the ulema .

Private Eye 's inception had drawn on other foreign influences .
private eye 's [start/beginning] had drawn on other foreign influences .

Those attitudes fed into It and continued to inform — or divert — the underground press up to , and beyond , the inception of the women 's movement .
those attitudes fed into it and continued to inform — or divert — the underground press up to , and beyond , the [start/beginning] of the women 's movement .

The Working Party emphasised the importance of good drafting in the documents originating pension schemes , and stressed the importance of taking legal advice on the conduct of the scheme throughout its life , as well as at its inception .
the working party emphasised the importance of good drafting in the documents originating pension schemes , and stressed the importance of taking legal advice on the conduct of the scheme throughout its life , as well as at its [start/beginning] .

‘ Here we are — a testament to the work of Woodline Design since its inception , although it had a different title then .
‘ here we are — a testament to the work of woodline design since its [start/beginning] , although it had a different title then .

Is my hon. Friend aware that people up in the north-west welcome the prospect of the channel tunnel being opened ? Will he ensure that sufficient facilities are made available north of Manchester and Liverpool to allow people and freight to be carried on the trains ? Does he agree that it ill behoves the Labour party to comment on that because Labour was against the channel tunnel at its inception ?
is my hon. friend aware that people up in the north-west welcome the prospect of the channel tunnel being opened ? will he ensure that sufficient facilities are made available north of manchester and liverpool to allow people and freight to be carried on the trains ? does he agree that it ill behoves the labour party to comment on that because labour was against the channel tunnel at its [start/beginning] ?

They will want to know why we did not join the Community at its inception and fashion the very fabric of it to our advantage .
they will want to know why we did not join the community at its [start/beginning] and fashion the very fabric of it to our advantage .

Each one has held to the view that the Common Market was flawed from its inception , that its membership was not in Britain 's interest , that with respect to trade , immigration policy , defence and foreign policy , her true interests were best upheld as an independent nation trading on the high seas .
each one has held to the view that the common market was flawed from its [start/beginning] , that its membership was not in britain 's interest , that with respect to trade , immigration policy , defence and foreign policy , her true interests were best upheld as an independent nation trading on the high seas .

Franco personally monitored progress on the project from its inception , frequently appearing on site without prior warning , and often accompanied by doña Carmen .
franco personally monitored progress on the project from its [start/beginning] , frequently appearing on site without prior warning , and often accompanied by doña carmen .

Hicks describes some of the limitations of co-citation measures as being the delayed inception of clusters , and inconsistent definitions of subject and keyword terms .
hicks describes some of the limitations of co-citation measures as being the delayed [start/beginning] of clusters , and inconsistent definitions of subject and keyword terms .

Most of the seminal papers which give rise to paradigm shifts , and the creation of new journals to publish new subjects or combinations of subjects , are first published in the core journal set for the earlier research front , and the clusters which define the new research front may not include the journal which first published the paper which led to its inception .
most of the seminal papers which give rise to paradigm shifts , and the creation of new journals to publish new subjects or combinations of subjects , are first published in the core journal set for the earlier research front , and the clusters which define the new research front may not include the journal which first published the paper which led to its [start/beginning] .

There can be little doubt that the survey since its modern inception has had a major impact on social research , and any history of social research has to award it a salient place .
there can be little doubt that the survey since its modern [start/beginning] has had a major impact on social research , and any history of social research has to award it a salient place .

The Soviet Union had been by far the largest aid donor to Vietnam since the inception of the republic in 1976 .
the soviet union had been by far the largest aid donor to vietnam since the [start/beginning] of the republic in 1976 .

It is at this stage , that the food service designer should be appointed and be able to work with the architect from the inception of the building .
it is at this stage , that the food service designer should be appointed and be able to work with the architect from the [start/beginning] of the building .

If the designer is working on a project where a food and beverage manager has been appointed , he should always be involved from the inception of the project , in order that he may be aware of the development of the facility .
if the designer is working on a project where a food and beverage manager has been appointed , he should always be involved from the [start/beginning] of the project , in order that he may be aware of the development of the facility .

Although this area of law is diverse and complex , it should be noted that , frequently , these various rights overlap and several different rights may each serve a purpose during the life of a product from inception to marketing .
although this area of law is diverse and complex , it should be noted that , frequently , these various rights overlap and several different rights may each serve a purpose during the life of a product from [start/beginning] to marketing .

Joseph Bédier , the French scholar whose book published exactly a hundred years ago proved to be the inception of modern fabliau studies , inferred from the number of known authors and the number of anonymous fabliaux that only about one-eighth of the original corpus survives .
joseph bédier , the french scholar whose book published exactly a hundred years ago proved to be the [start/beginning] of modern fabliau studies , inferred from the number of known authors and the number of anonymous fabliaux that only about one-eighth of the original corpus survives .

But whatever the direction the Community legislative framework takes , both sides of industry have been involved in the development of Community social policy from its inception .
but whatever the direction the community legislative framework takes , both sides of industry have been involved in the development of community social policy from its [start/beginning] .

Responsible for the Oilfields Logistics and Supplies Division since its inception in 1973 which includes property and oil distribution interests .
responsible for the oilfields logistics and supplies division since its [start/beginning] in 1973 which includes property and oil distribution interests .

The X-ray Tomoscan has been authoritatively described as the greatest advance in radiology since its inception .
the x-ray tomoscan has been authoritatively described as the greatest advance in radiology since its [start/beginning] .

This competition has eluded United since its inception in 1961 , and after last season 's defeat by Sheffield Wednesday there must have been doubts that they would ever win it .
this competition has eluded united since its [start/beginning] in 1961 , and after last season 's defeat by sheffield wednesday there must have been doubts that they would ever win it .

That policy was overturned in two minutes flat but it is worth remembering that it had held sway since the inception of the service areas fifteen years earlier .
that policy was overturned in two minutes flat but it is worth remembering that it had held sway since the [start/beginning] of the service areas fifteen years earlier .

At its very inception , the world was hot , but within a billion years of its origin , parts of it at least were at the kinds of temperatures in which complex organic chemistry could take place .
at its very [start/beginning] , the world was hot , but within a billion years of its origin , parts of it at least were at the kinds of temperatures in which complex organic chemistry could take place .

Membership slumped to 126 , the lowest since the Club 's inception , although a small surplus was made on the year 's trading .
membership slumped to 126 , the lowest since the club 's [start/beginning] , although a small surplus was made on the year 's trading .

Anything other than an uncritical acceptance is a direct challenge to the idea of the rule of law which has sustained the police since their inception and which argues that the replication of a known system of order is the best means of containing those who need to be controlled .
anything other than an uncritical acceptance is a direct challenge to the idea of the rule of law which has sustained the police since their [start/beginning] and which argues that the replication of a known system of order is the best means of containing those who need to be controlled .

The Smiths had wanted to work with Sandie Shaw since their inception .
the smiths had wanted to work with sandie shaw since their [start/beginning] .

Fortunately , the Historic Buildings Councils , from their inception in 1953 , recognized the special problems and significance of garden buildings and have often offered a higher than normal proportion of grant aid to secure their restoration .
fortunately , the historic buildings councils , from their [start/beginning] in 1953 , recognized the special problems and significance of garden buildings and have often offered a higher than normal proportion of grant aid to secure their restoration .

Though the production has gained some Amercian actors since its inception , its classical look and blander , if well-spoken , performances are ripe for Anglophobic attack .
though the production has gained some amercian actors since its [start/beginning] , its classical look and blander , if well-spoken , performances are ripe for anglophobic attack .

The punitive calculus , with its just deserts gloss , may have political appeal and offer an antidote to the soft image that has beset the Service since its inception .
the punitive calculus , with its just deserts gloss , may have political appeal and offer an antidote to the soft image that has beset the service since its [start/beginning] .

The recovery had been , though slow , from its inception , fairly steady .
the recovery had been , though slow , from its [start/beginning] , fairly steady .

Both have the effect of weakening still further the synthesis of approaches that have characterized academic English since its inception .
both have the effect of weakening still further the synthesis of approaches that have characterized academic english since its [start/beginning] .

By 1852 the Court was established in the form which it was to retain until 1870 , and from its inception it became clear that this was not only a new Court but a new type of court .
by 1852 the court was established in the form which it was to retain until 1870 , and from its [start/beginning] it became clear that this was not only a new court but a new type of court .

At first it was included with other Shorthorns in the Coates herdbook from its inception in 1822 , but in 1896 the Lincoln became separate and established its own Lincoln Red herdbook .
at first it was included with other shorthorns in the coates herdbook from its [start/beginning] in 1822 , but in 1896 the lincoln became separate and established its own lincoln red herdbook .

Development and international aid are frequently misguided in inception , disastrous in execution and catastrophic for the local people .
development and international aid are frequently misguided in [start/beginning] , disastrous in execution and catastrophic for the local people .

Wilfred Innerd was a Geordie who joined the Palace at the club 's inception in 1905 and played a major part in its establishment .
wilfred innerd was a geordie who joined the palace at the club 's [start/beginning] in 1905 and played a major part in its establishment .

From its inception , the Partnership has encouraged the involvement of students in its discussions and decisions .
from its [start/beginning] , the partnership has encouraged the involvement of students in its discussions and decisions .

Since its inception a major programme has been teacher placements with the partnership becoming host to the teacher placement organiser for Mid Glamorgan .
since its [start/beginning] a major programme has been teacher placements with the partnership becoming host to the teacher placement organiser for mid glamorgan .

There had been signs that some of the cabins had been occupied by women . But had any worked in the laboratory ? Been close to the thing beyond the door at its inception ?
there had been signs that some of the cabins had been occupied by women . but had any worked in the laboratory ? been close to the thing beyond the door at its [start/beginning] ?

The Mapplewell and Staincross Hospital and Comforts Fund celebrated the centenary of their hospital sing in 1986 , the event having been continuous since its inception on the 31st July 1887 .
the mapplewell and staincross hospital and comforts fund celebrated the centenary of their hospital sing in 1986 , the event having been continuous since its [start/beginning] on the 31st july 1887 .

The horse fair , which has been held annually since its inception , appeared to be in no immediate danger of ending its almost 900 year run .
the horse fair , which has been held annually since its [start/beginning] , appeared to be in no immediate danger of ending its almost 900 year run .

It 's something that the facility has assiduously avoided since its inception in 1962 , and most of the faculty is fighting to keep it that way .
it 's something that the facility has assiduously avoided since its [start/beginning] in 1962 , and most of the faculty is fighting to keep it that way .

Since its inception in 1980 , the superfund has moved slowly on the country 's 11 000 dangerous dumps .
since its [start/beginning] in 1980 , the superfund has moved slowly on the country 's 11 000 dangerous dumps .

Since its inception Super-SARA has slipped from being a pioneer project into the safety of nuclear reactor cores after a severe accident to an also-ran .
since its [start/beginning] super-sara has slipped from being a pioneer project into the safety of nuclear reactor cores after a severe accident to an also-ran .

The concept of ‘ hygiene ’ has widened enormously since the school 's inception in 1924 , to encompass human nutrition , vitamin deficiencies , biochemical and metabolic disorders , louse eradication , ‘ sudden infant death syndrome ’ ( best known as cot-death ) , population studies and community health .
the concept of ‘ hygiene ’ has widened enormously since the school 's [start/beginning] in 1924 , to encompass human nutrition , vitamin deficiencies , biochemical and metabolic disorders , louse eradication , ‘ sudden infant death syndrome ’ ( best known as cot-death ) , population studies and community health .

Traditional procedures were no longer necessarily applicable and new systems of building procurement , the process of securing the design and construction of a building from its inception to completion , were devised .
traditional procedures were no longer necessarily applicable and new systems of building procurement , the process of securing the design and construction of a building from its [start/beginning] to completion , were devised .

As is so often the case , the performer 's proximity to the work 's inception reaps an idiomatic bonus that transcends any technical shortcomings .
as is so often the case , the performer 's proximity to the work 's [start/beginning] reaps an idiomatic bonus that transcends any technical shortcomings .

From its inception in April 1864 , George Healey was Honorary Secretary of the Liverpool Society for over 50 years , and still found the energy to back James Paul in his efforts to establish a national society .
from its [start/beginning] in april 1864 , george healey was honorary secretary of the liverpool society for over 50 years , and still found the energy to back james paul in his efforts to establish a national society .

The day-school at its inception catered for 19 males and 13 females .
the day-school at its [start/beginning] catered for 19 males and 13 females .

As Clark ( 1986 ) points out , the project was considered to be a failure in both technical and economic terms within 10 years of its inception , not least because of resulting poor drainage , increasing soil salinity and excessive silting .
as clark ( 1986 ) points out , the project was considered to be a failure in both technical and economic terms within 10 years of its [start/beginning] , not least because of resulting poor drainage , increasing soil salinity and excessive silting .

The very inception of agriculture ( section 3.3 ) was based on the manipulation of natural biotic resources , emphasising the close relationship between environment and agriculture in all its forms .
the very [start/beginning] of agriculture ( section 3.3 ) was based on the manipulation of natural biotic resources , emphasising the close relationship between environment and agriculture in all its forms .

Since its inception in the early 1970s , genetic engineering has been welcomed as a major scientific breakthrough because of the potential that it provides to manipulate organisms from the most simple life-forms , such as bacteria , to the most complex , including Homo sapiens sapiens .
since its [start/beginning] in the early 1970s , genetic engineering has been welcomed as a major scientific breakthrough because of the potential that it provides to manipulate organisms from the most simple life-forms , such as bacteria , to the most complex , including homo sapiens sapiens .

So immediately after launching the competition , Hall was having second thoughts about it , and on 28th March , only a fortnight after its inception , wrote an extraordinary letter to the Treasury , killing it off completely .
so immediately after launching the competition , hall was having second thoughts about it , and on 28th march , only a fortnight after its [start/beginning] , wrote an extraordinary letter to the treasury , killing it off completely .

With Benjamin Webb , Hope edited The Ecclesiologist , the monthly journal of the Cambridge Camden Society , from its inception in 1842 until its last number in 1868 .
with benjamin webb , hope edited the ecclesiologist , the monthly journal of the cambridge camden society , from its [start/beginning] in 1842 until its last number in 1868 .

The apparel and textile industries have played a central role in trade discussions since the inception of the United States , just as they have in other developing and developed countries throughout the world .
the apparel and textile industries have played a central role in trade discussions since the [start/beginning] of the united states , just as they have in other developing and developed countries throughout the world .

The seas that lap Egypt ’ s arid shores hide pristine marine ecosystems that have lured scuba divers from the inception of the sport .
the seas that lap egypt ’ s arid shores hide pristine marine ecosystems that have lured scuba divers from the [start/beginning] of the sport .

Sculpture is well represented , and photography is present from its inception ( 1839 ) .
sculpture is well represented , and photography is present from its [start/beginning] ( 1839 ) .

FPI reports total savings , since program inception , of about $ 12 for every dollar spent .
fpi reports total savings , since program [start/beginning] , of about $ 12 for every dollar spent .

Interchange between the Railroad Retirement Board and the Social Security and Hospital Insurance trust funds. -- The Railroad Retirement Board pays benefits equivalent to the amounts that would have been paid if railroad workers had been covered under Social Security since its inception , plus additional amounts unique to that program .
interchange between the railroad retirement board and the social security and hospital insurance trust funds. -- the railroad retirement board pays benefits equivalent to the amounts that would have been paid if railroad workers had been covered under social security since its [start/beginning] , plus additional amounts unique to that program .

The interchange is designed to place each of the OASDHI trust funds in the same position as it would have been if railroad employment had been covered under Social Security since its inception .
the interchange is designed to place each of the oasdhi trust funds in the same position as it would have been if railroad employment had been covered under social security since its [start/beginning] .

It is the second major model upgrade since the F/A-18 inception .
it is the second major model upgrade since the f/a-18 [start/beginning] .

Table 3.5 : Illustration of Differences in Note-Taking Situation Technique Characteristic In an interview with the Director of Rich notes `` The Director indicated that the National Science Foundation procedures had changed three program for grants to small times since the inception of the colleges , the following question is program .
table 3.5 : illustration of differences in note-taking situation technique characteristic in an interview with the director of rich notes `` the director indicated that the national science foundation procedures had changed three program for grants to small times since the [start/beginning] of the colleges , the following question is program .

I From the inception of the LSC , Congress has placed restrictions on its use of funds .
i from the [start/beginning] of the lsc , congress has placed restrictions on its use of funds .

Congress , recognizing that the program could not serve its purpose unless it was `` kept free from the influence of or use by it of political pressures , '' §2996 ( 5 ) , has from the program 's inception tightly regulated the use of its funds .
congress , recognizing that the program could not serve its purpose unless it was `` kept free from the influence of or use by it of political pressures , '' §2996 ( 5 ) , has from the program 's [start/beginning] tightly regulated the use of its funds .

In another example of cooperation and mutual assistance among New Hampshire 's legal services programs , NHLA urged that attorneys at LARC be allowed to participate from its inception and recommended that attorneys at the Disability Rights Center be allowed to participate in the coming year .
in another example of cooperation and mutual assistance among new hampshire 's legal services programs , nhla urged that attorneys at larc be allowed to participate from its [start/beginning] and recommended that attorneys at the disability rights center be allowed to participate in the coming year .

No doubt it has been a substantial cause of the tremendous growth in volume since its inception .
no doubt it has been a substantial cause of the tremendous growth in volume since its [start/beginning] .

At its inception , the first action by PLoS was to encourage scientific and medical journal publishers to make the archival research literature freely available .
at its [start/beginning] , the first action by plos was to encourage scientific and medical journal publishers to make the archival research literature freely available .

November 19 , 1993 Dear IDA Colleague : Since its inception in 1979 , the IDA Pursuit of Excellence Fund has enabled the IU School of Dentistry to support and reward faculty members for outstanding achievement .
november 19 , 1993 dear ida colleague : since its [start/beginning] in 1979 , the ida pursuit of excellence fund has enabled the iu school of dentistry to support and reward faculty members for outstanding achievement .

Dear Tom : From its inception in 1972 , the School of Public and Environmental Affairs ( SPEA ) has been guided by a broad vision of developing a world-class multidisciplinary public affairs school , one that encompasses public management and public policy as well as environmental science and policy .
dear tom : from its [start/beginning] in 1972 , the school of public and environmental affairs ( spea ) has been guided by a broad vision of developing a world-class multidisciplinary public affairs school , one that encompasses public management and public policy as well as environmental science and policy .

It retained , however , the same mission with which it had been charged from its inception : to serve as a catalyst for effective , coordinated , and collaborative service delivery to youth in our community .
it retained , however , the same mission with which it had been charged from its [start/beginning] : to serve as a catalyst for effective , coordinated , and collaborative service delivery to youth in our community .

From its inception , the IDA Pursuit of Excellence Fund has supported and rewarded faculty for unique and outstanding effort on behalf of dentistry .
from its [start/beginning] , the ida pursuit of excellence fund has supported and rewarded faculty for unique and outstanding effort on behalf of dentistry .

Since the inception of the peace process , no peace-seeking prime minister has had such a rare opportunity to end the Arab-Israeli conflict .
since the [start/beginning] of the peace process , no peace-seeking prime minister has had such a rare opportunity to end the arab-israeli conflict .

Since its inception , the government has subsidized postal service to rural addresses at the expense of urban customers .
since its [start/beginning] , the government has subsidized postal service to rural addresses at the expense of urban customers .

A well-known postal chain , the St. Jude letter , claims a 1903 inception date .
a well-known postal chain , the st. jude letter , claims a 1903 [start/beginning] date .

Media luminaries from ABC News anchor Peter Jennings to Washington Post Co. mogul Katharine Graham have supported the PDFA since its inception .
media luminaries from abc news anchor peter jennings to washington post co. mogul katharine graham have supported the pdfa since its [start/beginning] .

The story notes an interesting fact : Since its 1994 inception , the number of armed forces personnel discharged for homosexuality has actually increased steadily .
the story notes an interesting fact : since its 1994 [start/beginning] , the number of armed forces personnel discharged for homosexuality has actually increased steadily .

Livingston responds that the Bible and politics should not mix but affirms that the Bible 1 ) is very old ; 2 ) has been `` effective throughout the inception of mankind '' ; 3 ) is variously interpreted ; and 4 ) presents a road map to a successful life in America .
livingston responds that the bible and politics should not mix but affirms that the bible 1 ) is very old ; 2 ) has been `` effective throughout the [start/beginning] of mankind '' ; 3 ) is variously interpreted ; and 4 ) presents a road map to a successful life in america .

In the East , 12 th -seeded Southwest Missouri State held fifth-seeded Wisconsin to 32 points -- the lowest NCAA tournament score since the inception of the shot clock -- and then trounced fourth-seeded Tennessee .
in the east , 12 th -seeded southwest missouri state held fifth-seeded wisconsin to 32 points -- the lowest ncaa tournament score since the [start/beginning] of the shot clock -- and then trounced fourth-seeded tennessee .

Before fast track 's inception in 1974 , the president had even broader authority .
before fast track 's [start/beginning] in 1974 , the president had even broader authority .

Primarily because Iraqi investors ca n't see things getting much worse and also believe the economy-strangling U.N. sanctions are bound to be lifted someday , the market 's index is up 900 percent since its inception in 1992 .
primarily because iraqi investors ca n't see things getting much worse and also believe the economy-strangling u.n. sanctions are bound to be lifted someday , the market 's index is up 900 percent since its [start/beginning] in 1992 .

Extrapolating on the theories of the Renaissance designer , Geofroy Tory , as expounded in his Champ Fleury ( 1529 ) , Firmage takes Tory 's sketches as the springboard for his analysis of the letter-shapes and the sometimes highly stylized forms they assume throughout history , from their inchoate inception in the Near East down to present-day , computer-generated typefaces .
extrapolating on the theories of the renaissance designer , geofroy tory , as expounded in his champ fleury ( 1529 ) , firmage takes tory 's sketches as the springboard for his analysis of the letter-shapes and the sometimes highly stylized forms they assume throughout history , from their inchoate [start/beginning] in the near east down to present-day , computer-generated typefaces .

Since its inception in the early 19th century , mountaineering and climbing have evolved their own special language .
since its [start/beginning] in the early 19th century , mountaineering and climbing have evolved their own special language .

